Close to 14.6 per cent (or 35,000) of the 240,000 ATMs in India are new-age recyclers, even though they have been around for only ...
V Vaidyanathan, managing director and chief executive, will take 30 per cent cut in his compensation, including fixed ...
Rana Kapoor's wife also charged with abetting crime
The bank said it was now gearing up to extend the stimulus package announced by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman to restart ...
Net profit for the financial year ended March 31, 2020 (FY20), stood at Rs 337.25 crore, up marginally from Rs 325.37 crore in ...
Under the scheme, the government will offer 100 per cent guarantee on loans.
HDFC Bank cuts base rate by 55 bps; SBI calls ALCO meeting to take call
The six-member MPC also kept policy stance unchanged at 'accommodative' for "as long as necessary" to revive growth
The central bank has increased group exposure limits of lenders from 25% to 30%
Two new series will have maturities of April 2025 and April 2031.
Credit costs could touch Rs 2.7 trillion
Enquiries for fresh loans see uptick
While slippages from the corporate sector may rise by Rs 3.4 trillion, for non-corporate segments it may increase by Rs 2.1 ...
The meeting was earlier scheduled on May 11, but due to the stimulus package announcements, it was deferred, they added
In a Q&A, the lender's MD & CEO, Amitabh Chaudhry, also dwells on the stimulus package announced by the government, and risk ...
Loans sanctioned by public sector banks (PSBs) at the end of May 8 stood at Rs 5.95 trillion
Senior bank executives said the Indian Banks' Association (IBA) has already approached the Reserve Bank of India with a plea for ...
It may be time to link the higher deposit insurance cover and the way co-operative banks and select non-banks raise retail ...
NBFCs cry foul as they were expecting a two-three year support
The only way to boost demand may be lowering interest rates to boost consumption, analysts said
PE, VC funds domiciled in the island nation on the radar
Last financial year saw a series of banks failures starting with Punjab & Maharashtra Co-operative Bank and culminated in near ...
These firms operate with very little short-term liquidity, which can become even more strained as customers start defaulting even ...
State-owned banks launched an emergency credit line to provide funds to its existing MSME and corporate borrowers in the last ...
Refinancing high-cost debt into low-cost debt is possible, thanks to the RBI's TLTROs
Central bank does huge OMO silently to control domestic bond yields
While the issue of providing liquidity to existing borrowers who are sapped of revenues has been addressed, banks will have to ...
Bank has made a provision of Rs 99.63 cr for the period ended March 31, 2020, based on assessment of recoverability of advances
Raises doubts over drawing down capital from Chinese LPs
Experts believe spreads will contract as the credit lines start getting utilised, and banks regain confidence about NBFC papers ...
Sitharaman announced a special liquidity scheme of Rs 30,000 crore for NBFCs, housing finance companies (HFCs) and MFIs, which ...
Profit down due to Covid provisioning and lower other income
Lenders that do not have subsidiaries in insurance, asset management, and broking may be exempt from having a non-operative ...
Banking lobby group Indian Banks' Association (IBA) is expected to take the proposal, which is on the lines of the Sashakt panel ...
Bank chief Rajkiran Rai says IBA has taken up the issue of restructuring with RBI
The coronavirus pandemic is expected to result in a rise in non-performing assets (NPAs) despite relief measures
SBI, however, said it is in the process of introducing a pre-approved personal loan offering through YONO to provide relief to ...
The excess borrowing will, however, ease the pressure on the RBI's liquidity operation as banks will absorb the excess G-Secs
Excluding covid-19 related provisions, the profit after tax of the bank would have been Rs 3,260 crore
Besides SBI, other members of the consortium that has been cheated are Canara Bank, Union Bank of India, IDBI, Central Bank of ...
Had it not been for Covid-19 impact, the company would have reported a sharp 80 per cent year-on-year jump in its pre-tax profit ...
In the year-ago fortnight, bank loans had stood at Rs 96.20 trillion and deposits at Rs 124.83 trillion
The company offers its retail customers housing and non-housing loans
With credit cost expected to increase by 200-350 bps across banks, asset quality may deteriorate to FY18 levels
Rajnish Kumar said, "a certainty on regulatory stance, and support that may be coming from the government, is required as we are ...
Bank sets aside Rs 334 cr for expected penalty for SLR breach
During March-April 2020, PSBs sanctioned loans worth Rs 5.66 lakh cr for more than 41.81 lakh accounts
The rise in currency in circulatiom is perplexing when economic activity has nosedived.
Generally, CIC should rise in tandem with ...
The bank saw a healthy growth of 37 per cent in its operating profit at Rs 765 crore compared to Rs 560 crore a year ago.
The State Bank of India (SBI) has introduced a special deposit scheme for senior citizens with a higher interest rate
With collections taking a big hit, microfinance institutions will be put through the wringer, reports Raghu Mohan
There is a facility of standby line of credit for MSMEs as well as PNB COVID-19 Emergency Credit Facility (PNB-CECF), the bank ...
The lender had psoted a pre-tax loss of Rs 2,338.31 crore in the same quarter of previous financial year
Considers 25 fresh credit proposals from shadow banks
The outstanding portfolio of private banks in the credit card space has increased by 59 per cent year-on-year while other issuers ...
Debt of Centre and states combined is over 70% of GDP already; country is currently just a notch above junk
Muted lending and subdued cross-selling amidst extended lockdown to hurt fee income and earnings
Private banks put up a better show than other card financiers
Axis' credit costs for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 are higher than anticipated, but some of it is precautionary
Economic slowdown hits activity, adding fuel to the fire
In addition, West Bengal will also request the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to increase the additional credit limit to MSMEs, to ...
The motor and health segments led the decline in premiums for the industry as the month saw premium fall by 9 per cent.
Senior SBI executives said most of those seeking deferment are retail and micro and small enterprises and are hard-pressed for ...
Suggestions from various quarters, including from Indian Banks' Association, have come for the further extension of moratorium ...
Covid-19 has led to lot of uncertainties including those pertaining to the income level of borrowers and hence, their loan ...
Mutual Funds say they didn't need to use their liquidity line fully
From now on, the system should open up systematically as people's financial cushions could vanish soon, he says
The RBI cancelled the licence of CKP Co-op Bank on April 28, and notified the cancelletaion on its website on Saturday.
There it ...
The number of NPA accounts rose from 2,08,035 as of March 31, 2014, to 6,17,306 as of December 2019
Relaxation likely on branch audit as Guv meets bankers
Depositors to get up to Rs 5 lakh under deposit insurance on liquidation
The meetings were also attended by deputy governors and other senior officers of the central bank, RBI said in a statement on its ...
Dhawan will assume charge from Saturday in place of Ashish Agarwal, the current chief risk officer, who will be transitioning to ...
Fitch has cut its forecast for India's GDP growth in the financial year ending March 2021 (FY21) to 0.8 per cent from a ...
The meeting will take stock of implementation of several steps announced by the RBI, including moderation in interest rate and ...
Larger challenge is to communicate to borrowers the difference between moratorium and waiver, say lenders
Capital infusion to be supported by IDFC limited, ICICI Prudential Life, HDFC Life, Warburg Pincus and Bajaj Allianz
On April 27, the RBI had introduced the Rs 50,000-crore liquidity line for the MF industry
With malls and shops closed, spending avenues are practically non-existent.
Affirms Issuer Default Ratings for seven banks including these four and Bank of India, Canara and PNB
Industry has also pitched for SPV with initial funding from govt, to help refinance small and mid-sized NBFCs
According to informal estimates, the two organisations together are looking to extend Rs 7,000-8,000 crore in funding
Given the extended lockdown, the bank extensively used its digital platform, including video conferencing, to carry out the ...
On April 1, Punjab National Bank (PNB) took over Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) and United Bank of India (UBI) to become the ...
Vyas is a senior banking professional with over 36 years of experience in banking across a range of diverse functions in both ...
Banks have built internal capacities for assisting companies, including micro, small & medium enterprises (MSMEs).
Both the banks have come together amid the coronavirus (Covid-19) lockdown and started working as a single bank with a larger ...
The write-offs are technical or prudential in nature, which means the banks have made 100 per cent provisions against the loans
Lenders are staring at unexpected asset quality losses due to the slowdown in economic activity after the countrywide lockdown.
Axis is looking to purchase around 55.61 crore shares of Max Life Insurance at a price of Rs 28.61 per share, but the estimate ...
The special repo window, under which banks can borrow up to 90 days to extend loans or buy debt papers of MFs, remains open till ...
According to the available data, the credit risk fund category saw its assets under management (AUM) dip by another 12 per cent ...
Public sector bank executives point out that banks understand the need to provide critical support to borrowers hit by the ...
The lender reported a 45 per cent jump in net interest income at Rs 3,232 crore in Q4 FY20
Bid and offer pattern shows a healthy market response
The duo was arrested on Sunday from a Mahabaleshwar-based quarantine facility, nearly 50 days after they were booked in the case ...
Banks unwilling to take on credit risk in their balance sheets beyond a point, says central bank governor
The liquidity strains have intensified in the wake of redemption pressures related to closure of some debt MFs and potential ...
Covid has caused disruption in the domestic and global markets, enhancing the risk of default from the rise in cost of repayments ...
The RBI had permitted a one-time restructuring of existing loans to GST-registered MSME units
Piramal, Tata Power, and TVS group units figure in list
With no upper limit, interest rates in this sphere can go as high as 35 per cent.
However, even with high interest rates, many ...
The forward premium comes down when the demand for the spot is more than the future dollar
Among all banks, SBI controls a market share of 22% in the MSME lending
Currency in circulation (CIC), in the fortnight ended April 10 stood at Rs 49,554.30 crore
Reluctant to lend to NBFCs, MFIs in current situation
The finance ministry, in a letter dated April 17 and seen by Reuters, asked banks to furnish detailed data on new loans, ...
Five small finance banks, including Equitas SFB, are due for listing by 2021
The latest auction was part of the TLTRO 2.0, through which RBI had planned to infuse up to Rs 50,000 crore, to begin with.
Credit enhancement would entail guarantee from bigger institutions in case of defaults up to a certain percentage
NBFCs and MFIs have been hit on two fronts, with collections dipping due to the covid-19 lockdown, and the three-month moratorium ...
According to the latest available figures, the Reserve Bank of India had about Rs 9 trillion worth of bonds on its books
Use instalments to increase cover; benefit from quick approvals
We need to understand the nature of the astronomical tax arrears' figure of Rs 9 trillion
'The burden of unsold inventory of over half a million housing units in the top 7 cities will worsen due to impact of the ...
Even after the Reserve Bank of India 'permitted' banks to offer a three-month moratorium to borrowers (of all hues), NBFCs ...
Many farmers couldn't visit banks to pay dues on short-term crop loans in the wake of the Covid-19 lockdown and restrictions on ...
Banks want tenants to make payment in escrow accounts
The reduction in rate comes after the RBI provided a boost to the banking system through its policy measures and also introduced ...
The extension has been granted based on the feedback received from banks and taking into account the disruptions caused by ...
The Bank did not elaborate the extent of its exposure and the steps it is taking to protect its interest
It now holds 72 million shares in the lender
Asia's banking sector profitability will also decline from deteriorating asset quality and lower net interest margins, said ...
The tankers, Wu Yi San and Chang Bai San, were carrying cargoes financed by ICICI, the source said, adding the bank had about ...
The RBI has so far not provided any clarity on whether banks will grant moratorium to the shadow lenders on the loans they have ...
Ways and means advances (WMA) are temporary liquidity line given by the central bank to the government to meet short-term ...
With no upper limit, the interest rates in the platform can go as high as 35 per cent, on a reducing balance
Besides challenges faced by wholesale NBFC in particular, the credit costs (amount to be provided for stressed assets), are ...
According to an Edelweiss report, Rs 1 trillion non-convertible dentures (NCDs) and Rs 1.2 trillion commercial papers (CPs) are ...
On a standalone basis, as of December quarter, the lender had a capital adequacy ratio of 18.2 per cent, with tier 1 capital at ...
To tap RBI refinance window for funding to RRBs etc
Although the government has allowed NBFCs, HFCs to start operations, they have not allowed resumption of operations in hotspots ...
Lenders to face central bank's censure; board meet in May seen leading to fresh measures
Banks will have to categorise the moratorium loans as special mention accounts (SMA) wherein loans are in the 0-90 days overdue ...
On Friday, the RBI said it will conduct the second tranche of targeted long-term repo operation (TLTRO 2.0) for an aggregate ...
It is one of the most coveted jobs in the Indian banking sector and market watchers are keenly awaiting who will be the chosen ...
Golden Jubilee Hotels Pvt Ltd is a public-private partnership (PPP) with the Department of Tourism and Youth Advancement, Tourism ...
However, there was no clarity on whether the finance companies that borrow from banks would get the option to delay payments to ...
It had reported a pre-tax profit of Rs 8,954.38 crore in the same period last financial year (Q4FY19).
A senior executive of a public sector bank said the IBA's management committee meeting would discuss the issue of giving a ...
Unless demand revives, industry experts say the move may not be very effective
The branches will function as usual and will adhere to all instructions laid down by the state governments for corporates ...
RBI has put the ball in banks' court on the moratorium issue
Calls for economic package for distressed sectors continue
RBI by reducing reverse repo rate by 25 basis points has sent clear signals to deploy that money - either by investing markets ...
The RBI has indicated that it expects inflation to come down by September, which means that more rate cuts are in the offing
RBI governor is walking a tightrope, says a former chief statistician
Earlier, the RBI had reduced the repo rate to a 15-year low of 4.40 per cent by announcing a steep cut of 75 basis points on ...
The banks are expected to start credit operations from April 20, in a bid to help a staggered restart of the economic activities
The first TLTRO facility took place on March 27, and so far Rs 1 trillion has already been deployed.
A senior State Bank of India (SBI) executive said in the case of large corporates, where there is consortium and social banking, ...
All analysts tracking it are optimistic on the stock, which hasn't seen any downgrade so far
CII has sought an increase in credit limits for all regular banking accounts by 25 per cent
Public trust in public sector banks will remain strong, underpinned by a perception of strong government protection for them, ...
The approach, according to people familiar with the RBI, is that the regulator can only enable the banks to take such commercial ...
Some branch staff have complained on social media of the difficulty in imposing social distancing in such conditions, earning a ...
Worsening business conditions and sell-off by anchor investors have taken the stock southward
Moody's said the Yes Bank episode places the country's financial system on "alert" and the rescue in itself "exposes weaknesses ...
Muthoot Finance's Ba2 CFR is affirmed and its outlook changed to negative from stable.
FIDC has asked the central bank to extend the facility to all customer loans
The Asian Development Bank said it has also approved measures to streamline its operations for quicker and more flexible delivery ...
The company's collection efficiency pan-India for the period from January 1, 2020 till March 21, 2020 stands at 98.7 per cent
Max Life Insurance is a joint venture between Max Financial Services Ltd and Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Loans and advances jumped by 60 per cent to Rs 71,825 crore during 2019-20, from Rs 44,776 crore the year before.
Sources say PBoC may have increased its stake by 0.2 percentage points in March
Ironclad succession process could weigh on extensions for current heads
PNB also has a tie up with Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) for selling its products through the bank's branches
According to him, interest rates will go down further, but banks must pass them on to companies.
Most banks are yet to decide on giving moratorium to shadow lenders
It had said that repayment schedule for such loans as also the residual tenor would be shifted across the board by three months ...
These investors are yet to approve the moratorium on underlying loans and reschedule most PTC repayments
Many finance companies are already facing a liquidity challenge after the IL&FS debacle.
Deposit accretion activity also moderated in FY20 to 7.9 per cent from 10 per cent in FY19, according to Reserve Bank of India ...
Private sector lenders have been leading on this front for some time, mostly leveraging on retail credit.
Bank advances growth in FY20 was the slowest since the fiscal ended March 1962, when loans had grown by 5.38 per cent
RBI had announced a relief package which included a three-month moratorium on payment of all term loans outstanding as on March ...
MPC report says better transmission of rates would remain priority
Among other tenors, the MCLRs from overnight to six month loans have been cut by 0.15 per cent each in the range of 7.40-7.85 per ...
Banks and finance companies may do more lending business in the retail segment on the digital platform
However, it said specific cases would be considered on merit
While efforts are being mounted on a war footing to arrest its spread, Covid-19 would impact economic activity in India directly ...
Could disallow retail investments directly and through MFs in the instrument
Irdai has said the acquiring bank can retain the existing certificate of registration (COR) to act as a corporate agent and ...
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on Wednesday, April 8, 2020, has approved the rupee bond borrowing limit of Rs 7,500 ...
The Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) was initiated against the debt-ridden company as per the provisions of the ...
RBI seeks data on drawdowns, bank loans, exposure to NCDs and CPs
SBI rate cut: The savings rate has been reduced to 2.75 per cent from 3 per cent
Piecemeal regulatory forbearance will not go far and tougher questions will be asked of both Mint Road and banks, reports Raghu ...
The credit cost, amounts set aside for bad and stressed loans, for the Indian banking system will rise to 2.8 per cent in ...
On a sequential basis, the deposit base has grown 12 per cent over December 2019
Many are worried about not being able to meet their loan obligations this month; several either have started defaulting or are ...
The report noted that an additional USD 300 billion spike in lenders' credit costs and a USD 600 billion increase in (NPAs) will ...
RBI may allow relaxation in delinquency period, go easy on additional collateral requirements
The government provided Rs 16,091 crore to PNB and Rs 1,666 crore to United Bank of India in September for enhancing the capital ...
The deposit base of the private sector lender stood at Rs 11.46 trillion in Q4FY20 compared to Rs 9.23 trillion in the same ...
Moody's revises outlook for ICICI Bank and Axis Bank to negative
Apex bank announces change in market timing, trading hours to function from 10 am to 2 pm
The move has met with criticism by a large section of SBI employees, who called it an attempt to muzzle free speech and ...
RBI had ordered a moratorium of three months on EMIs
'Spike in NPAs will be reflected over the next few quarters'
Many lenders also advised borrowers not to make use of the moratorium offer in case they were in a position to pay their ...
The spike in reported non-perfoming assets (NPAs) would be reflected over the next few quarters, rating agency Icra said
Here is an FAQ by HDFC Bank, explaining how the stipulation by RBI will impact its customers
The bank said it would not charge any interest on the amount for this extended period
SBI informed customers that in some cases, deferring 3 EMIs on a home loan may force the borrower to pay 8 more EMIs
Corporates may end up paying four months interest on their loans together.
Experts feel that the three-month moratorium on repayment on loans to help people fight the impact of coronavirus seems to be ...
The bank is in the process of filing listing applications with the stock exchanges
Largest private sector lender HDFC Bank said it would encourage customers with adequate funds to continue repayments to avoid the ...
Experts said merger at this point of time will not be very smooth and seamless.
However, heads of the anchor banks are exuding ...
Each of the amalgamated entities with scale and national reach would have a business of over Rs 8 trillion.
Bankers said the tepid credit off-take was reflection of elongated economic slowdown and demand
Effective April 1, Allahabad Bank will merge with Indian Bank, creating an entity with over 6,000 branches, 4,800 ATMs, 43,000 ...
The lender has sent a communication to its customers that they were being offered a moratorium.
Managing liability outflows will be a tightrope walk for NBFCs in the near term
The apex bank has four deputy governors.
Other three are N S Vishwanathan, M K Jain and Michael Debabrata Patra
The bank said credit costs likely to rise by 200-210 bps, targeting 60% provision cover, deposits down by 10-11% in March quarter
The new rate will be applicable for all floating-rate personal or retail loans (such as housing and automobiles) and ...
Banks are expecting a huge number of footfalls due to expected disbursement in Jan Dhan accounts, women beneficiaries, pension ...
The government on March 4 notified the amalgamation scheme as part of its consolidation plan to create bigger and stronger banks ...
The BRLLR linked to RBI Repo Rate is revised downwards in line with the reduction on Reserve Bank of India Repo Rate from 5.15 ...
The government had recently raised the threshold for default from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 1 crore to prevent triggering of insolvencies
RBI has expanded liquidity in the system sizably to ensure financial markets and institutions are able to function normally, in ...
However, this isn't a blanket policy and will be implemented on a case-by-case basis; accounts granted relief will undergo ...
With branches and call centres working with skeletal staff, communicating to customers and documenting the process are key ...
With branches and call centres working with skeletal staff, communicating to customers and documenting the process are key ...
Customers of other banks can also use the facility
Banks are expected to witness a surge in transactions across channels next week, owing to salary payments to employees
The bond issue was done through private placement.
With the Prime Minister announcing the national-level lockdown and public transportation being stopped in most of the cities, ...
The timely and decisive action by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) provides vital liquidity and ensures that credit lines remain ...
The Union Bank CEO said that the RBI's package would help in sustaining business at a time when a 21-day nationwide lockdown to ...
The new announcements would help lift home buyer sentiment, kick-starting the demand cycle for mid-range homes and in affordable ...
The moratorium is for three months on payment of all instalments due between March 1, 2020, and May 31, 2020, including credit ...
SBI also cut interest rates on retail term deposits by 20-50 bps.
For bulk deposits, the cut was steeper, by 50-100 bps, due to ...
On Friday, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) came up with policy measures to ensure there is enough liquidity in the system
The central bank is tight-lipped on its intervention strategy, but it is suspected that it recently intervened in a huge amount ...
The RBI governor, in his video-streamed speech, said the central bank was taking this route as the COVID-19 pandemic has ignited ...
Consequently, the lender has also reduced interest rates on retail and bulk deposits by between 20 to 100 basis points across ...
The spectacular meltdown at YES Bank reveals the mental makeup of someone only too eager to walk on life's wild side
This would help banks increase lending by over Rs 3.5 trillion by leveraging ten times of the capital
The outbreak of coronavirus has impacted almost 75 per cent of the sectors and the measures announced by the RBI and the ...
'Today RBI has taken giant steps to safeguard our economy from the impact of the Coronavirus,' said PM Modi
The repo rate has come down by 75 basis points to 4.4 per cent, while the reverse repo rate has been lowered by 90 basis points ...
Increasing challenges from the pandemic are expected to worsen an already difficult operating environment, Fitch said
SEBI issued the final observations to the lenders proposal on March 20, 2020.
The bank looks to reassure its depositors with a new print advertisement acknowledging the past and asking depositors to look ...
Strategic plan to factor in Covid-19 impact
India is still very much a cash society and banks have been exempted from a 21-day lockdown that began this week as they are ...
All MSME/agriculture borrowers are eligible for a loan up to Rs 10 crore and others up to Rs 50 crore
The state also permitted small caterers serving the elderly to continue supply of cooked food provided their vehicles sport the ...
With the financial year ending  on March 31, small- and mid-sized companies are likely to default en masse, while rating agencies ...
Banks working towards merging balance sheets before April 1
It will be the second bank after State Bank of India (SBI) to come out with such schemes
An account becomes NPA if default is beyond 90 days.
With the present crisis, a huge number of accounts will fall in this ...
According to ICRA's estimates, Rs 93,669 crore of AT-I bonds are outstanding as of now
It is tough if you are a PMC Bank depositor to be made aware now that you are not mainstream enough
The demand for a hike in the interchange hides a bigger mess, reports Raghu Mohan
Tuesday's stock reaction is also an indicator of the challenges ahead of him and probably the toughest faced by the bank in the ...
In February, the RBI had approved the appointment of Kathpalia as the MD & CEO of the private lender
Puri in an interaction with reporters said: "… the recommendations are with the search committee and before April, an appropriate ...
This is part of steps to provide support for financial sector entities to deal with slowdown and aftermath of COVID-19
Estimates suggest the locked down districts account for close to 50% of microfinance business in India; banks and SFBs could also ...
The central bank has announced a series of measures to tide over any liquidity issues caused by the Coronavirus dislocation in ...
The first tranche of OMO purchase auction worth Rs 15,000 crore will be conducted on March 24
HDFC Bank has urged people to use cheque drop boxes to help reduce crowding in branches
The bank, however, could not hide its bad debt under the carpet for long as RBI auditors forced all banks to disclose their bad ...
It is a chance for stakeholders in the banking sector to revisit contractual obligations, say experts
The facility, operational from March 19 as part of the Business Contingency Plan (BCP), was up and running in 24 hours of the ...
The banks are working round-the-clock to ensure all digital channels are up to date and have all the information that you may ...
Some banks are going on an overdrive to secure employees who have to deal with the public at the branches on a daily basis with ...
Advises them to avoid ATMs and cash deals, says mobile and internet banking are both safe and convenient
RBI has been talking to other authorities on sale of securities and loan recovery; Unlike in commercial banks, it has no powers ...
The RBI had put a six-month regulatory restriction on the bank on September 23, 2019
The loan will be offered at an interest rate of 7.25% with a tenure of 12 months.
The central bank received bids worth Rs 45,049 crore for Friday's open market operation
The ad-hoc loan facility named - COVID 19 Emergency Credit Line (CECL) is aimed at meeting the temporary liquidity mismatch ...
The loans can be repayable in 6 monthly installments after a moratorium period i.e, 6 months from the date of disbursement
Agency concerned investigation may hit asset valuation, monetisation
The central bank infused Rs 10,000 crore through open market operations on Friday
The former banker was arrested on March 8 by the ED under the provisions of Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) and was ...
Appointment is for two years; this is Gandhi's second stint in the same capacity
The brokerage lowered the bank's rating to 'underperform' from 'market-perform' earlier, and lowered target price to Rs 750, from ...
IBA withdraws note on FinMin letter which had PMO inputs
CRISIL has assigned 'A2' rating to the programme
Moratorium on loans should be offered, say CFOs
The agency has also sent a second summons to Essel Group chairman and Rajya Sabha MP Subhash Chandra to appear before it on March ...
Logo of the bigger bank to get prominence; Indian Bank name to be retained post amalgamation
The banking services resumed at 6 pm on March 18, 2020, and customers were able to get full services by visiting the branches ...
Yes Bank had resumed complete services on March 18 after the Reserve Bank of India placed it under moratorium on March 5.
The RWE indicates the possibility of the ratings being either upgraded, downgraded or affirmed.
The agency is expected to record the statement of the 60-year-old Ambani under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
FIEO President Sharad Kumar Saraf said that the spread of Covid-19 to over 144 countries points to the most challenging times for ...
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das on Monday had said the regulator was ready to offer liquidity if required
The Street is sceptical of the sustainability of rich valuations of large players such as Bajaj Finance and Housing Development ...
The RBI allotted an amount of Rs 25,012 crore, with a pro-rata allotment percentage to 92.27 per cent
The central bank will conduct open market operations (OMO) on March through a multi-security auction
Three-fourth of this holding has been locked-in for three years as part of the restructuring plan for the bank
On Wednesday, the private lender's stock saw its steepest single-day fall of 9.9 per cent in nearly 12 years; it is down 33 per ...
The government notified the YES Bank reconstruction scheme last week
Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) are struggling to raise funds from the capital market due to higher cost and lack of ...
The appeal to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will be made via the Indian Banks' Association, the two senior bankers said, asking ...
On March 5, the RBI had imposed a moratorium on YES Bank, restricting withdrawals to Rs 50,000 per depositor till April 3 in view ...
On Wednesday, the bank's stock on the BSE fell by Rs. 61.10 or 9.20 per cent to close at Rs. 603.05 from its previous close
Administrator Prashant Kumar said the bank had made adequate preparations for any surge in withdrawal of deposits
One of the possibilities that banks would explore is to split duties and responsibilities, apart from working in different shifts ...
Unicredit boss Jean Pierre Mustier and incoming UBS Group Ralph Hamers were among those reported to have caught Tucker's eye
According to the reconstruction scheme, 75 per cent of the total investment by the bank would be locked in for three years, ICICI ...
Rs 10K-cr infusion, lock-in and hurried short-covering led to 2.3x surge in the stock
The plan would cover all medical conditions, including Covid-19, and up to 10 days of hospitalisation, with a cover of Rs 5,000 ...
Stating that the investors will not regret coming on board a new Yes Bank, he pointed to the massive rise in the share price of ...
Kapoor is already facing an ED criminal case for receiving alleged kickbacks, through companies purportedly controlled by his ...
The Board of Directors on March 5 approved fair equity share exchange ratio at 115 equity shares of Rs 10 each of Indian Bank for ...
"Our customers will be able to enjoy all services available before the moratorium," said Prashant Kumar at a press conference in ...
The lender said market rumours around financial health and stability of the bank are totally misplaced, motivated and not based ...
Banks and regulated entities "should also assess the impact on their balance sheet," it said
The agency also calls Subhash Chandra, Naresh Goyal, Kapil Wadhawan, and Peter Kerkar in money laundering probe
Das said the central bank had enough instruments for use if needed - they would be deployed at a time that would maximise impact
The weak trading debut contrasted the stellar demand seen during SBI Cards' Rs 10,300-crore IPO earlier this month
BL Bank, for example, is down 47.2 per cent during the period.
Its m-cap is down from ~15,700 crore on February 20 to ~8,283 ...
The rating action concludes the review with direction uncertain that was initiated on Yes Bank's ratings on 06 March 2020.
Ailing ...
The sessions court in Mumbai on Monday extended the custody of Rana Kapoor, former managing director and chief executive officer ...
The central bank had superseded YES Bank board on April 5 and placed it under an administrator
According to the banks, they have either put the sessions
on hold or are opting for e-learning instead of classroom sessions.
On Friday, HDFC said it is investing in 100 crore equity shares of Rs 2 each in Yes Bank for a consideration of Rs 10 per share ...
Public shareholders have Rs 8,673 cr exposure to bank
SBI Card, the second largest largest credit card issuer in the country, got listed at 13 per cent discount at Rs 658 on the BSE, ...
Yes Bank customers will be able to access full banking services from Wednesday evening, as the moratorium will be lifted ...
Several market observers said FPIs and other institutional investors have raised concerns regarding difficulty in liquidating ...
The bailout scheme requires YES Bank to write down about Rs 8,700 crore ($1.2 billion) of outstanding AT1s
In Nifty 100, Adani Transmission will replace Yes Bank, while in Nifty 500, Sterling and Wilson Solar will be added
TMB has 20,600 shareholders
The authorised capital of Yes Bank has been increased to Rs 6,200 crore, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Friday.
Its standard advances after subtracting net NPAs were about Rs 1.75 trillion at end-December
Auditors cast doubts on bank's ability to remain a going concern, investors holding more than 100 shares barred from selling
According to sources, the Kapoor companies invested around $10-11 million in Awfis but their shareholding got diluted as new ...
For about last six months, India has stopped importing oil from Iran, and thus oil companies have stopped depositing money to the ...
Gross NPAs gallop to Rs 40,709 crore in Dec 19
Andhra Pradesh's Ordinance to regulate MFIs has been a double-edged sword for the poor, with some digging deeper into debt, ...
SBI is investing Rs 7,250 crore in the ailing lender.
LIC, HDFC, ICICI, Axis and Kotak Mahindra and other investors have also ...
The Union Cabinet on Friday approved a reconstruction plan proposed by the RBI for bailing out fund-starved Yes Bank.
Three-year lock-in period for investors
ICICI Bank, HDFC, Axis Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank too on Friday said they will join the SBI-led consortium and invest in Yes ...
RBI had on March 5 put a moratorium on Yes Bank restricting withdrawals to Rs 50,000 per depositor till April 3
The consultancy or advisory firm will conduct assessment of core business opportunities and work towards a holistic operating ...
'Conspired' with Avantha group and bought house at discounted price
Market participants say ask yields for other large-sized banks' AT-1 bonds have hardened further
Taking part in discussion on the Yes Bank issue, he said the government would take a review to know the quantum of civic bodies' ...
The YES Bank reconstruction plan will include an equity investment of at least Rs 11,350 crore from various entities, including ...
The committee will inquire into the deposit of the Lords money in the private bank by the Shree Jagannath Temple Administration
The ICICI Bank in a regulatory filing said that the board has approved an equity investment of up to Rs 1000 crore in equity ...
The probe agency is carrying out searches in Delhi and Mumbai at multiple locations
"This investment is likely to result in ICICI Bank Ltd holding in excess of 5 per cent shareholding in Yes Bank," the lender said ...
The scheme was announced a day after the RBI imposed a month-long moratorium on YES bank
Under the reconstruction scheme, SBI is to buy up to 49 per cent of YES Bank and cannot reduce its holding below 26 per cent for ...
'We strongly believe that such a move can have banking and financial sector stability implications,' the letter stated
The bank would like to take this opportunity "to assure our customers that their deposits are safe in our bank"
The FM met chief executives of public sector banks which are going to be merged from April 1
Growth in advances to the services sector decelerated to 8.9% from 23.9% in January 2019
SBI said its shareholding in Yes Bank will remain within 49 per cent of the paid up capital of the private lender and following ...
Jasvinder Singh Banwait, Vishwanatha Shridhar Prabhu and Shripad Govind Jere were arrested on Thursday
Overall, more than Rs 8,000 crore of investments are exposed to YES Bank's AT-1 bonds
Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Jai Ram Thakur informed the Assembly that more than Rs 1,900 crore belonging to the state ...
The first sell/buy swap auction involving $2 billion will be held on Monday, the central bank said
The market has been expecting an off-cycle interest rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India but the source said no such step is ...
Former Yes Bank founder, Rana Kapoor's wife, Bindu was a director in the main investment and holding companies associated with ...
When the private lender started operations in August 2016, microcredit constituted 85 per cent of its total loan portfolio
The move comes even as the impact of coronavirus is beginning to be felt in India, raising further risks to economic growth and ...
Firms say there are limits to audits identifying ever-greening of loans, or flagging suspect collateral securities
The first-of-its-kind move will mark the activation of RBI's ironclad November 4, 2019 guidelines on the compensation
JC Flowers, Tilden, Cerberus ask SBI to prepare a clean-up plan
The special court under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act granted an extension to keep Rana Kapoor under custody till March ...
To seek provisional attachment in next few weeks
Proceeds to be used to shore up liquidity
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das had met SBI Chairman Rajnish Kumar on Friday to discuss the way forward.
Infra giant has Rs 100 crore of exposure to bank's AT-1 bonds
We have been consistently maintaining CRAR above the minimum prescribed by the RBI as well as the bank's internal policy, ...
The SLB mechanism allows traders to borrow securities that they may not have to meet their obligations
It said a rate cut is unlikely to work in isolation as bank transmission of RBI's rate cut has been slow
No more SMS charges, Home and auto loan customers to gain as MCLR is slashed by 10-15 bps in tenth such cut this year
The announcement comes a day after its customers were allowed inward IMPS and NEFT services for the same purposes
The move on Yes Bank comes as the impact of the coronavirus is beginning to be felt in India, raising further risks to economic ...
SBI, India's largest bank, has more than 24,000 branches and over 400 million customers
In view of adequate liquidity in the system, bank in a statement said it has realigned interest rates on Term Deposits with ...
"We are in the process," said Prashant Kumar, the administrator appointed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)
The banking outlets also include doorstep banking units and home loan service centres
The bank's capital adequacy ratio is at 16.08 per cent, much higher than the regulatory requirement of 11.5 per cent
The statement comes in the wake of the Yes Bank crisis, following which stock prices of various banks went sharply down.
Overnight and one-month MCLRs have been reduced by 15 basis points to 7.45 per cent each.
Three-month MCLR has been revised to ...
According to the data sourced from primemfdatabase.com, MFs' exposure to the AT-1 bonds - also called perpetual bonds - stood at ...
Some aides of Kapoor, former board members may be asked to join probe
YES Bank administrator Prashant Kumar said that the moratorium imposed by the Reserve Bank of India could be lifted before the ...
The Enforcement Directorate has widened its probe in the YES Bank case, taking it beyond loans given to DHFL; it is now looking ...
Hopeful that moratorium on withdrawal will be lifted by Friday, says bank administrator
The central government, represented by the department of financial services and YES Bank, and the RBI have been included in the ...
A substantial portion of YES Bank's corporate loans are "bilateral transactions", and fall outside the pale of consortium
For the housing sector, the authorities are aware of the strong linkages it has with the economy.
Former RBI governor, Urijit Patel, had said in the aftermath of the blowout at PNB that the banking regulator was better ...
Banks likely to set up common call centres and monitoring cells
Yes Bank has been put under a moratorium by the RBI till April 3, during which customers are not allowed to withdraw more than Rs ...
If you are paying a personal/home loan or doing SIPs, shift ECS mandate to another bank.
It just might make sense to have one ...
"Prime Minister, you need to tell the nation what is the BJP's connection to the Yes Bank and its owner," Randeep Surjewala
A dozen alleged shell firms, Kapoor family investments of Rs 2,000 crore and over Rs 4,500 crore worth of transactions are under ...
The difference in deposits between March 2019 to September 2019, reflects withdrawals to the tune of Rs 18,110 crore
The bank, which had over Rs 2.09 lakh crore in deposits, was put under moratorium last Thursday due to an inability to raise ...
Kumar's mettle was tested in field while leading Kolkata circle as chief General Manager and as general manager in erstwhile ...
Before the RBI action, YES Bank had deferred announcement of its earnings for the 3rd quarter of 2019-20 to March 14 or before. ...
RBI on Thursday took control of Yes Bank, after the lender - which is laden with bad debts - failed to raise the capital it needs ...
S&P Global Ratings on Monday said quick resolution of Yes Bank's insolvency will keep India's banking sector contagion at bay, ...
The development comes after YES Bank on Thursday was put under a moratorium, with the RBI capping deposit withdrawals at Rs ...
RBI said it would work on a revival plan, as part of which bonds classified as AT1 capital will be written down "permanently, in ...
YES Bank, weighed down by an increasing pile of bad debt, had struggled for months to raise the capital it needs to stay above ...
Teams of CBI officers are carrying out operations at the residence and official premises of the accused in Mumbai
12 shell firms, 2 UK assets, 44 paintings under ED scanner; London-bound daughter stopped at Mumbai Airport; CBI books Kapoor and ...
The RBI in December 2019 noted that private sector banks accounted for 69 per cent of incremental loans in 2018-19
RBI's draft reconstruction scheme for YES Bank suggested a permanent write-down of these bonds outstanding as of March 5.
Experts say concern over growth, credit cost, and asset quality would restrict valuation improvement despite sharp correction in ...
Soon after the RBI announced the moratorium, global bank JP Morgan pegged YES Bank shares at Rs 1 a share.
Regulators, bankers in a huddle to resolve issue
During the period of moratorium, the Yes Bank Ltd will not, without the permission in writing of the RBI, make payment to a ...
"RBI closely monitors all the banks and hereby assures all depositors that there is no such concern of safety of their deposits ...
He said that it is a wrong method to assess a lender's health based on the ratio of deposit to m-cap (market capitalisation)
Weak compliance, poor governance and greed led to the bank's failure as it lent to borrowers who did not have the ability to
Sources said the agency might also register a separate case against Rana Kapoor, depending on the outcome of the search
The original plan was to borrow in local or foreign currency through AT-1 instrument or tier-2 capital
SBI shall not reduce its holding below 26 per cent before completion of three years from the date of infusion of the capital, the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has imposed a moratorium on the bank and restricted withdrawals to Rs 50,000 per depositor till April 3
The AIBEA said that people's money should be for people's welfare and not for private loot
The source said the searches are being carried out at the residential premises of all three daughters -- Rakhee Kapoor Tandon, ...
SBI chief asserts private lender's failure could have huge implications for economy, says many co-investors have evinced interest ...
Customers are also facing trouble because net banking services are not working and some even complained that their credit cards ...
The ED had searched Rana's residence in the upscale 'Samudra Mahal' complex in the Worli area on Friday night and had grilled him ...
The SBI chief has also said that the initial investment in YES Bank will be Rs 2,450 crore
Nippon India's schemes saw maximum impact following perpetual bond write-offs
The RBI's draft reconstruction plan for YES Bank states that AT-1 bondholders shall not be entitled to get any compensation from ...
Confirming the development, an ED official said searches would continue over the weekend and Kapoor might have to face ...
YES Bank would be run independently and focus will be on turnaround to make it a robust bank and a good investment, Kumar said
The Mumbai-based lender has a market capitalisation of about $86 billion, giving it a bigger standing than major US banks like ...
The promoters of the bank plan to acquire additional shares from open market in India
He stressed that a swap line was critical from the point of view of preserving global financial stability
Since YES Bank is PhonePe's exclusive UPI partner, the latter's users have been affected the most
They said the raid is being carried out at his Samudra Mahal residence in the western metropolis
Across branches, the busiest people were the relationship managers, trying to soothe nerves
The central bank's takeover of Yes Bank appears intended to restore depositor confidence
As per the data, SBI Mutual Fund has the highest exposure of Rs 152.83 crore, followed by Rs 67 crore by HDFC Mutual Fund in the ...
To pick up 49% stake in bank for Rs 2,650 cr; administrator says working to revive bank well before moratorium period ends
On Thursday, the RBI restricted withdrawals from Yes Bank to Rs 50,000 per depositor
Analysts calculate SBI's investment in Yes Bank would need to total almost Rs 2,500 crore ($339.10 million).
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Friday hit back at senior Congress leader P Chidambaram for his jibe over crisis-hit Yes ...
"Paytm Payments Bank Ltd (PPBL) today (Friday) announced that they are restricting transaction settlements, including UPI, into ...
Kumar, an ex-chief financial officer of SBI, also assured depositors that their money is safe and there is no reason to panic
On finding risky credit decisions, the RBI advised change in management, the Finance Minister said
Asia and Africa account for 52 per cent and 42 per cent respectively of the share of total LoC commitments
The bank's board has been superseded by RBI-appointed administrator Prashant Kumar, former deputy managing director and chief ...
The draft comes a day after the RBI imposed a moratorium on the bank, restricting withdrawals to Rs 50,000 per depositor till ...
The Reserve Bank
of India has capped withdrawals at Rs 50,000 and imposed strict limits on operations at Yes Bank.
In addition, the fund house has imposed a limit of Rs 2 lakh on fresh inflows into the impacted schemes till further notice, ...
For LIC, the mark-to-market hit could have been over Rs 600 crore; FIIs' holding down by Rs 1,162 crore
"This will surely not be a rescue plan.
You will get to know when the scheme is out," a top SBI executive who did not wish to be ...
RBI has assured there will be a quick resolution, says FM, even as RBI Governor promises resolution in 30 days; SBI Chairman ...
Gill had the unenviable task of steering a troubled entity with legacy issues.
But he could have been more proactive
She added that the people can withdraw money to deal with tough situations and the cash crunch is being dealt with
Instructions to the effect have been issued by Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray to the concerned departments
Move aimed to avoid funds getting blocked in account post-redemption request
Prashant Kumar taking charge as the Yes Bank administrator is in line with notifications issued by Department of Financial ...
The RBI governor also said that the impact of Covid-19 on India will be limited
The bank has also experienced serious governance issues and practices in the recent years which have led to steady decline of the ...
It can be noted that the bank's own net banking facilities have not been operational since last evening
RBI on Thursday imposed a month-long moratorium on YES Bank citing "serious deterioration in its financial position"
YES Bank will not be able to grant or renew any loan or advance, make any investment, incur any liability or agree to disburse ...
Way back in 2004, the crisis-ridden Global Trust Bank was merged with the Oriental Bank of Commerce by the Reserve Bank of India
It will depend on the acquiring bank or financial institution's capacity to hold the assets till the market improves and sell ...
The customers claimed that the bank had not given any prior information about it while many rued that the ATMs have run out of ...
Macquarie Capital Securities also said if State Bank of India (SBI) decided to buy stake in the bank, they should buy it at Rs 1 ...
A rescue plan involving SBI and Life Insurance Corporation of India was being discussed and an announcement in this regard might ...
Lender placed under moratorium; withdrawal capped at Rs 50,000; govt, central bank flag governance issues
The announcement came hours after Yes Bank was placed under a moratorium, with the RBI capping deposit withdrawals at Rs 50,000 ...
In the residential area of suburban Chembur, one ATM was dispensing cash but had a long queue of anxious depositors
Yes Bank has been put under moratorium and may have to take a government-planned bailout.
The 100-million share offering generated close to 2.7 billion bids
Allahabad Bank-Indian Bank deal to be determined
The government had in August last year announced plans to merge 10 public sector banks (PSBs) into four
The central bank has appointed former SBI CFO Prashant Kumar as the Yes bank's administrator
Yes Bank has been placed under moratorium and the government is reportedly planning a rescue plan involving a capital injection ...
This has been done to quickly restore depositors' confidence in the bank.
The scheme for reconstruction and amalgamation of bank
...
Debt capital markets continue to shy away from the shadow banking sector
The RBI removed Yes Bank's board and appointed Prashant Kumar, a former chief financial officer of the State Bank of India (SBI), ...
Earlier in the day, sources said SBI along with some other financial institutions would bail out capital-starved Yes Bank, with ...
Over the past few months, YES Bank has struggled to raise capital - nearly $2 billion - it desperately needs to stay above ...
While the Reserve Bank has accepted his request to be relieved by March 31, the same has to be accepted by the Cabinet as well, ...
The troubled non-bank lenders' segment is "defying caution" and growing the riskier unsecured loans portfolio at a pace of 25 per ...
As per a notice published in Singapore's government gazette on March 3, HSBC filed its application for winding up of ITNL ...
Court accepts the bank's stance that Kochhar's petition has no legal basis as the lender is a private banking company and the ...
ICICI Bank sought dismissal of Kochhar's petition
SBI has also been authorised to pick other members of the consortium
Integration of balance sheets to be effective from April 1; bank boards to meet soon to finalise the share swap ratio
HDFC cuts lending rate by 5 bps for salaried people, effective from March 9
The regulator has also made it clear that in existing products where the cost of hospitalisation is covered, insurers have to ...
Keki Mistry has been replaced by Renu Karnad of the bank's parent HDFC in the search panel
Agency also cites deteriorating operating environment for decision; affirms lender's domestic and foreign bank deposit ratings
If the private bank is able to raise funds in this round, it would get some breathing space
The Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill, 2020, which comes in the backdrop of PMC Bank scam, seeks to strengthen co-operative ...
The maximum coverage that the product assures is to the tune of Rs 2 lakh
The housing finance company, however, did not specify timing for the QIP offering
The outbreak of coronavirus and subsequent spread to geographies across the world has adversely affected the financial markets
The recently conducted Long Term Repo Operations (LTRO) by RBI are aimed at providing additional durable liquidity to the Banking ...
To comply with Basel-III Capital Regulations, banks need to improve and strengthen their capital planning processes
Easing regulations and a surge in online banking are driving the change, with several overseas lenders increasing investment ...
Bank credit growth declined to 8.5 per cent in January from 13.5 per cent in the year-ago period
At the end of December 2019, the total business of Allahabad Bank was close to Rs 3.94 trillion, while that of Indian Bank was ...
Growth in advances to the services sector decelerated to 8.9 per cent from 23.9 per cent in January 2019
Banking unions had given a call for a three-day strike from March 11
While the RBI's repo rate remains unchanged at 5.15 per cent, the three-month MIBOR (Average) has reduced to 5.75% from 6.15%
Analysts expect an impact on India due to raw material shortages likely to disrupt supplies for key industries
Sectors like thermal power, NBFCs and commercial real estate sector are currently facing some stress
PSUs seen as drivers of credit demand, which the bank sees growing by 5-7%; No major impact of coronavirus yet
Kathpalia will succeed current MD & CEO Romesh Sobti, who has been at the helm of affairs for over a decade now.
Sobti's term as ...
The talks come just ahead of the mergers of four sets of state-run banks, effective from April 1
Many other pension schemes in the market currently are unregulated
Besides, the watchdog has changed the guidelines for reporting of financial statements by issuers listing their debt securities ...
On average, IPPB has been opening and maintaining a run rate of 33 lakh accounts per quarter.
Axis Bank on Thursday said its board has approved appointment of Puneet Sharma as Chief Financial Officer (CFO).
His appointment ...
No other bank in the country has almost its entire top brass so closely associated with its helmsman throughout the larger part ...
But in a meeting with the brass, Sitharaman didn't discuss the merger process,said a banker
Fighting for market share via outpricing is lazy; industry should revisit the way it looks at the customer, offer better claim ...
With respect to micro and small enterprises, floating rate loans are already linked with external benchmarks
"We are on the course on bank mergers... lot of core banking operations regarding the merger are currently going on"
Move follows relaxation given by RBI to expand network.
Earlier, the regulator had imposed curbs on lender for not meeting ...
Transactions via NEFT and RTGS were affected for almost 12 hours beginning Monday midnight
Bank loans to corporate houses, excluding bank loans to NBFCs, is expected to remain subdued in FY20
The matter pertains to a bank guarantee of Rs 6.97 crore furnished by BoB to Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) on behalf of Simplex ...
RBI has announced an extension of the one-time restructuring scheme for MSMEs
Private banks are struggling to get top-class independent directors on their boards
The bank has been allowed to open new branches, provided 25% of all new banking outlets opened in a financial year are in ...
The reversal date of LTRO on March 2, 2020 is March 1, 2023 while for LTRO to be conducted on March 9, 2020, it will be March 7, ...
The proposed fee will be Rs 25 per transaction; the bank has uploaded a notice on its website listing this and three other ...
The portfolio at risk (PAR) for the industry for repayment between 31 and 180 days stood at 1.5 per cent, which was 50 per cent ...
ADB's masala bonds are listed on both Luxembourg exchange and India INX
HDFC Bank aims to be a dominant and
go-to bank for startups, a key official said on Tuesday.
Close to 9,000 start-ups are ...
In the auction for three-year maturity liquidity operations made last week, the RBI had received bids worth Rs 1.94 trillion for ...
Optimism on the stock is highest in 15 years; easing of corporate sector stress in Q3 gave the much-needed comfort
Real estate developers, battling a prolonged slowdown in demand, are struggling to raise funds to construct or complete projects
PNB Housing's fund-raising ability has remained intact over the last 6-9 months and it is continuing to maintain high on-balance ...
The finance minister emphasised on the need for a closer collaboration between revenue agencies to investigate tax affairs of ...
Though oil giant Saudi Aramco was supposed to be a largest investor, particularly in the PCPIR in Visakhapatnam, it went away to ...
Even after Cabinet approval to the proposed mega merger plan, officials said, fixation of share swap ratio, shareholders consent ...
The bank published the advertisement for the proposed auction in newspapers as well as the social media
Currently, Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), Central Bank of India, UCO Bank and United Bank of India are under this framework
According to a circular issued by the lender's digital banking division on February 17, cash dispensation from Rs 2,000 currency ...
Funded assets of the bank rose marginally to Rs 1.06 trillion in December 2019 from Rs 1.04 trillion a year ago
SBI Cards expects competition to intensify in future
'Indian Bank is strong in terms of business correspondents', said Chunduru
Under the national strategy, the committee has recommended new entrants to the financial system - eligible and willing to undergo ...
The bid validity for five projects is set to expire on February 29
Private sector lender Axis Bank has entered into an exclusive agreement with Max Financial Services and Max Life Insurance to ...
According to the RBI data, the system-wide SME loan book stood at Rs 15.7 trillion as of June 2019, up 10 per cent over the 12 ...
Gurbaxani is working with Axis Bank at present.
In a statement, the finance ministry said Rs 19,950 crore was released to states and union territories on last Monday
The MPC is mandated to keep inflation in a range of between 2% and 6% and recent data showed the retail inflation rate in January ...
He also said the collateral gives some comfort to bankers while giving finance to exporters, but in terms of recoveries they are ...
Max Life is currently the largest non-bank owned private life insurer in India
The commercial or debt paper is the favourite route of corporates to raise funds when compared with loans from banks.
They help ...
The rating agency expects the real GDP growth to slow to 4.6 per cent in 2019-20 from 6.8 per cent in 2018-19, led by a squeeze ...
Promoters' voting rights would stand curtailed to 20% until March, and reduce further to 15% from April
The global banking and markets segment contributed to $466 million in profits, against $387 million in 2018.
One major obstacle is that the direct stake of the Centre will fall below 51% after the merger
Banks continued to lead, with 40% of the industry's market share
The Asia-focused lender has been trying to lower costs as it faces a multitude of uncertainties caused by the grinding US-China ...
CBDT asks lender to deduct tax at source on notional interest paid
The allotment was done for all bids on a pro-rata basis
The gross NPA ratio of LIC in the debt portfolio at the end of September 2019 stood at 6.10%
The oil company told the court that it had entered into an agreement with Simplex Projects Limited in 2017 for undertaking ...
Established in 1982, Exim Bank is the apex financial institution for financing, facilitating and promoting the country's ...
The average annual grant under was increased by Modi to Rs 14,407 crore in 14th Finance Commission and now to Rs 19,309 crore in ...
The SBI chairman said the bank was in the wait-and-watch mode
Earlier this month, the central bank opted for a status quo on the benchmark interest rate, amid signs of hardening inflation and ...
Non-food credit rose Rs 1.02 trillion to Rs 100.24 trillion
Laying more focus on MSME segment, IOB would increase its lending to the sector from the present Rs 31,000 cr to Rs 50,000 cr in ...
Regulator aims to usher time-bound settlement of claims and eliminate disparity in charges among different for some common ...
The monetary authority also clarified that the interest on these repos will be compounded on an annual basis and will be ...
Talking about the current levels of non-performing assets, Basu said banks should have been cautious in some cases
SBI reported 4,769 cases of banking frauds worth Rs 30,300 crore during the nine-month period
Last week, the RBI harmonised guidelines for deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations (DCCO) for projects in ...
The meeting will be chaired by chairman of the Commission, N K Singh, and will be attended by its members including A N Jha, ...
In third-quarter results announced earlier this week, the bank said it plans to come out of PCA by focusing on recovery, low-cost ...
This is the third downgrade of the private sector lender by Ind-Ra in last one year - which could adversely impact the bank's ...
Slippages ratio for FY20 pegged at 3.5 per cent a tad lower than previous year's 3.7 per cent, but MSMEs, agri and retail are ...
Some of the players in the sectors are themselves wary of this unregulated interest rate regime
"The challenge before us is to deeply involve those included.
I would urge all of you to think of financial products that meet ...
Gross and net non-performing assets rise
The lender issued a statement last month assuring customers about its liquidity and stability and said it is making every effort ...
Senior officials in UCBs say the central bank has not been practical in its approach
Most firms lack proper in-house succession planning; and often don't spend enough time, energy and resources in planning for the ...
Lender posts net loss on one-time hit as it opts for lower tax rate
This statement comes days after a UBI official said that the government is expected to announce the new name and logo of the ...
The bank was asked by RBI to revisit restructured agriculture accounts, which led to higher recognition of NPA in the sector
While home finance can go for a longer period, and vehicle finance loans can reach seven years, analysts say five years is a good ...
This means that banks will not be needed to make additional cash reserve ratio against any incremental loans disbursed to the ...
The bank had registered a net loss of Rs 346.02 crore during the corresponding October-December period of 2018-19
Better number also aided by NII, which saw an uptick of 25.7%
The new rules signal a shift away from enhancing asset classification
The NHAI Conciliation Committee recently approved a claim for approximately Rs 707 crore for the ILFS-Fagne Songadh Expressway ...
Fresh slippage at Rs 1,647.82 cr; year-ago loss was Rs 609 cr
With this reduction, the one-year MCLR has come down to 8.15 per cent per annum from 8.25 per cent, according to a bank ...
Follow spirit of April 2017 communique with reference to sector
'We have successfully done the mergers and recapitalisation of the banks', said Thakur
Recently Punjab National Bank got board approval to raise Rs 1,000 crore from market through bonds
She said the Centre has introduced some features in the budget like "faceless appeals and sorting out of problems while imparting ...
While importers are paying IGST on imports but not claiming credit for the same.
This essentially means that the supply of ...
The 2020-21 Budget has pegged gross tax revenues for 2020-21 at Rs 24.23 trillion, up 12 per cent from Rs 21.63 trillion in the ...
At an extraordinary general meeting, investors approved a resolution to increase authorised share capital from Rs 800 crore to Rs ...
Merged entity likely to report 8-10% credit growth, better asset quality next fiscal; equity offering by December
The Centre will soon announce the  new name and logo of the entity to be emerged after the merger  of Punjab National Bank (PNB) ...
Income increased to Rs 6,051.93 crore, from Rs 4,112.29 crore.
On a standalone basis, the net profit increased to Rs 420.68 crore
...
A bench comprising Chief Justice S A Bobe and justices B R Gavai and Surya Kant took note of the appeal of the Reserve Bank of ...
The bank also reduced interest rate on term deposits - retail and bulk - by 10-50 basis points (bps) across various tenors
Gross non-performing assets as a percentage of lending stood at 19.45 per cent at the end of Q3FY20
LVB's financials deteriorated to 5.56 per cent capital adequacy and 21.25 per cent gross NPA ratio in the September 2019 quarter
The country has recorded high double-digit credit growth in the past and is capable of achieving similar growth now as well, they ...
Earlier, the RBI decided to hold rates as widely expected and affirmed to stick to the accommodatory stance for as long as it is ...
The Kolkata-based bank had reported a net loss of Rs 998.74 crore during the corresponding October-December period of the ...
The gross NPA of the bank as a percentage of total lending stood at 15.48 per cent
The market has taken the long-term repos worth Rs 1 trillion as the biggest developmental and regulatory step that came out of ...
In August last year, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had announced merger of 10 banks
The Reserve Bank does not see any major impact on the balance-sheets of banks due to the five-fold hike in deposit insurance to ...
The RBI has cumulatively cut the repo rate by 135 basis since February 2019 to a nine-year low of 5.15 per cent
Cantor Fitzgerald is led by Anshu Jain, the former co-CEO of Deutsche Bank AG
Going forward, we think that the scales could tip in the favour of growth as soon as inflation prints become more palatable," the ...
This will be the biggest merger exercise of PSBs, which was announced by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman in August 2019
If the bank formed after amalgamation is not given a separate name, people would feel that OBC and UBI merged into PNB
The cover is provided by the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the RBI
He is at present Competition Commission of India (CCI) secretary
Net NPA which was 3.7 per cent last year third quarter dropped to 2 per cent during the current fiscal
Rating agency Crisil on Tuesday warned of potentially high stress in non-banking lenders' wholesale book well above the reported ...
At present, the bank is returning excess capital to the district banks which are its members
Bank frauds reduced significantly from Rs 38,548 crore in the 2016-17 fiscal to Rs 16,084 crore in 2017-18 fiscal
Bank officials said the money raised through tier II bond offering is expected to increase Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) by about ...
Non-food bank credit growth decelerated to 7 per cent in December 2019 from 12.8 per cent in December 2018
State-owned Punjab National Bank is seeking IRDAI forbearance on cutting down stake in Canara HSBC OBC Life Insurance, which will ...
However, private sector lenders like ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank were operational
The government is likely to unveil, in the Union Budget 2020, a Troubled Assets Relief Programme (TARP) similar to what the US ...
Equity markets also discount PSBs
All four categories - agriculture, industry, services and retail - segments showed deceleration in credit growth
Net interest income up 24% to Rs 4,118 cr; GNPAs at same level as last year
IBA offered a 15 per cent hike in wages, a revision over previous offer of 12.5 per cent at bilateral meeting of bank and trade ...
Earlier this week, a meeting with the Chief Labour Commissioner remained inconclusive, AIBOC President Sunil Kumar said
The RBI has also estimated a dip in stress at its bi-yearly stability report in December
Private lender withdraws writ petition from Bombay High Court
As part of this renewed contract, the Bengaluru- headquartered IT major will enable ABN AMRO Bank to achieve its business and ...
The coupon rate for the issue will be 7.65 per cent per annum, the filing added.
RBI had issued show cause notice to bank as to why penalty should not be imposed for non-compliance
The MSME sector has been reeling from stress for quite some time
Private life insurer IDBI Federal Life Insurance on Wednesday announced the appointment of Mathivanan Balakrishnan as its Chief ...
While the gross premiums underwritten by private non-life insurers grew by 17 per cent to Rs 69,488 crore, that of the ...
Measures to protect prudent commercial decisions of PSB brass
The solution offered by the central bank is to kick start the capex cycle.
Moreover, Irdai has said a bank in its capacity as a group organizer may have group insurance arrangements with any number of ...
Total income grew 28.5 per cent to Rs 1,414 crore during the quarter, from Rs 1,100 crore in the year-ago period
"The insurance companies shall make suitable arrangements with the acquiring banks to this effect," said the the Insurance ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) have sought setting up of a permanent refinance window for the sector in the Union Budget, ...
The lender sold the shares at an average price of Rs 1.91 apiece, which took the total deal value to over Rs 5.77 crore.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman at several occasions assured bankers that adequate measures would be taken to protect honest ...
The Flipkart co-founder resigned for proprietary reasons as he moves to launch his own digital banking entity
BoB's new managing director and chief executive Sanjiv Chadha tells Business Standard that while the bank has a comfortable ...
The mortgage lender received fair value gain of Rs 9,020 crore from derecognition of investment in Gruh Finance
In the three months to December period, BoB's fresh slippages stood at Rs 10,387 crore, of which Rs 4,509 crore were on account ...
It is also leveraging artificial intelligence to immediately identify and block suspicious activities
Responding to an RTI query, the central bank said a total of 181 fraud cases involving Rs 127.7 crore were noticed during 2018-19
The industry has also urged the government to create a dedicated fund for MFIs which are financing water and sanitation projects
The two leading urban co-operative banks (UCBs) - with over 100 years of history each - will be the first to seek the central ...
Credit costs could stay elevated in the coming financial year
The periodic data from the Reserve Bank of India highlights how the slowdown is hurting the banking sector
DCB Bank's total income was up 13.66 per cent at Rs 990.89 crore during the quarter under review as against Rs 871.78 crore in ...
The private sector lender had posted PBT of Rs 1,902 crore in Q3FY19
Notably, earlier this financial year, the government had infused about Rs 6896 crore in the bank
The Chief Justice said tax judiciary plays a very important role in resource mobilisation of the country and expressed concern ...
The performance was in line with expectations, Padmaja Chunduru, MD & CEO, Indian Bank said
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said in the last Budget that no charge would be levied on UPI and Rupay transactions
Bank unions have called for a two-day nationwide strike on January 31 and February 1 after talks over wage revision failed to ...
The company will be issuing shares to promoter entity Cholamandalam Financial Holdings, to raise around Rs 300 crore in one or ...
Net premium income saw a 13% rise to Rs 7,854 crore in Q3 versus Rs 6,897 crore in the year-ago quarter
Advances grow at tepid pace in Q3, indicating slowing loan demand
With the account being declared 'fraud', banks are not expected to make additional provisioning; it has been already classified a ...
Kumar's statement follows speculation that the government, which controls SBI, may ask the lender to play a role in bailing out ...
FPIs will also be allowed to invest in exchange traded funds or ETFs that invest only in debt instruments, the RBI said.
The short-term investment limit has now been increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent in both the cases, the RBI said in a ...
Instead of just focusing on earning brokerage selling ETFs, broking houses are also considering packaging multiple ETFs as part ...
The cut-off yield for 7.32 per cent-2024 was 6.408 per cent, while for 6.45 per cent-2029, it was 6.5780 per cent
Gross NPAs also fell to 12.64% from 15.82%
Puri, whose term comes to an end in October this year, is also an advisor to the search committee tasked with identifying a ...
The RBI was forecast to next cut rates by 25 basis points to 4.90% in the October-December quarter, according to the poll ...
The exposure, which is for the period ended September 2019, is across various platforms such as life funds, pension funds, and ...
Post the ransomware attacks of 2017, the demand for cyber insurance from the manufacturing sector has been on the rise," said ...
The stock closed lower by 0.7 per cent at Rs 712.7 per share on BSE
The bank unions have called for a nationwide strike demanding to expedite the process of wage settlement due since November 2017
The central banks of Britain, the euro zone, Japan, Canada, Sweden and Switzerland announced a plan to share experiences to look ...
Abhishek Dafria, Vice President and Head - Structured Finance Ratings at ICRA, said the volume in Q3FY20 were low compared to ...
The regulator had planned to implement IndAS 117, which is an equivalent of IFRS 17, and IndAS 109 from April 1 onwards, but the ...
Unlike banks, it said these types of companies do not have the repo window facility to borrow in times of need
The government has appointed Sanjiv Chadha as the new managing director and chief executive of Bank of Baroda
One-time pension charge, higher provisioning impact profits
Most officers want to opt out; issue to be taken up at central board meet
At present, the Indian banking credit outstanding is nearly Rs 99 trillion
The specific loan loss provisions in the current quarter include one-offs of approximately Rs 700 crore, primarily relating to ...
Total income rose to Rs 36,039 crore during the December quarter against Rs 30,811.27 crore in the year-ago period, HDFC Bank ...
With difficulties in NBFC sector continuing, economists at SBI on Friday pitched for the Reserve Bank to play its role as the ...
Patra wrote the monetary policy framework, which targets flexible inflation targeting, and is the basis of the six-member MPC in ...
Warrier has been the chief operating officer of the bank since November 2015, and also holding the additional responsibility of ...
The PCA norms trigger if a bank's net NPA crosses 6 per cent or if CRAR (capital to risk weighted assets) is below the regulatory ...
All these departments, in the past six months, were being managed by the three deputy governors
In the consumer credit segment, delinquencies have gone down in automobile loans by 22 bps and in personal loans by 5 bps
Facilities can be activated only when the customer specifically requests for it
After the two-day strike, bank unions are planning to hold a three-day strike from March 11 to 13 and indefinite strike from ...
The bank has asked its customers not to pay heed to rumours about its financial health
The Wadhawans shall help the committee in valuation of HDIL's encumbered properties, the court said
Khatanhar took charge as DMD on Wednesday, the filing said
There had been offers from Erwin Singh Braich, Citax Holdings and Citax Investment Group
A more granular analysis of FY19 and FY18 credit data shows that of the 161 and 148 firms which fall in the 'very large accounts' ...
Fintech companies will need to design solutions with merchants in focus to encourage faster adoption, he says
The truth is - falling market share of state-run banks is not something many will want to comment on record
The figure was Rs 985 crore in the same quarter a year before
Sequentially, net profit declined 24.79 per cent as it registered a profit of Rs 972 crore in Q2
The bank, in a regulatory filing on Tuesday said that the regulatory restrictions by RBI on opening new branches, through their ...
"They will study the suggestion of each of the banks.
If there are certain areas which need to be harmonized in tune with the ...
Soft spoken, articulate, and celebrated for his disciplined and original research work, Patra is known to take hawkish stance who ...
Michael Patra will take over as the fourth deputy governor at the Reserve Bank of India
"Your money is 100 per cent safe with Sri Guru Raghavendra Sahakara Bank.
It's my responsibility," Ramakrishna said at Sri Guru ...
The fresh set of guidelines, which will usher in a stricter compliance regime, is in the works and could be in the public domain ...
The bank is seeking recovery of amounts towards the clawback of bonuses given to her from April 2006 to March 2018 after her ...
The bank further stated that Kochhar flagrantly violated the ICICI Group Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
In an interview with  Business Standard, VIKAS KHEMANI, founder, Carnelian Capital Advisors says earnings should grow by 13-15 ...
Better share of retail assets, improved underwriting standards were the positives of his first year as MD & CEO; asset quality ...
Seven stand-alone private sector health insurers collected Rs 1,258.14 crore premium during the month
The cause for concern for the RBI in this regard is that it has no control over the NDF market, whereas, the onshore market is ...
This is a remarkable scale down by the bank, which urgently needs capital, but has failed to get so
The amount of monetary penalty would vary depending on the impact on account of various factors
The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), launched in August 2014, was a "watershed" in the financial inclusion movement in the ...
The bank also said it would not proceed with a $1.2 billion offer from Canadian investor Erwin Singh Braich and SPGP Holdings ...
If given a license, Chaitanya will be the second microlender after the West Bengal-focused Bandhan to be granted a universal ...
Union Bank of India has reduced the MCLR by 10 basis points across all tenors with effect from January 11, 2020
Chhattisgarh has asked bankers to streamline financial inclusion in restive region
Gross hiring till December FY20 has been of 28000 employees and attrition inched up by 2 per cent in FY20
With this app the bank is targeting 3 million places of worship, 600,000-800,000 housing societies; 2,000+ clubs; and 500+ cities ...
Sources said the settlement amount could be revised up to four times upwards
Though MGNREGA and PM-Kisan have clear rural focus, they think excess public spending should only be on capex
This cover will be for SBI funded residential projects and those availing home loan for SBI
The time taken for resolution of bad loans is also likely to reduce going ahead with stronger resolution mechanism, he said
Rajnish Kumar is hopeful that resolution time of stressed asets will fall below 5 years
The banking regulator is seeking an early exit mechanism for private banks under PCA
Bankers said they are looking outside the bankruptcy courts and will be able to resolve a few debts in the power sector before ...
FIEO President Sharad Kumar Saraf said that it is unfortunate that exporters have been singled out for GST frauds
The headroom will not be available in FY21, unless public sector banks are adequately recapitalised
The central bank has accepted the recommendation
Long-term bond yields have come down by 20 bps since first OMO last month
Offers to purchase three securities, including 10-year benchmark govt bond
The RBI had come with a scheme on voluntary transition of UCBs into Small Finance Bank (SFB) on September 27, 2018.
But there was ...
The base size of the issue is Rs 500 crore with an option to retain oversubscription up to Rs 1,500 crore
Foreign money is coming into the market and because of stability in rupee the hedging cost is also lower
The bank crossed Rs 5 trillion total business mark at the end of December 31, 2019
The move comes in the backdrop of the scam in Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) Bank causing distress to over 9 lakh ...
Regulator may place restriction on declaration or payment of dividend/donation without prior approval of RBI
EXIM Bank confirmed that it is in the market but did not divulge specific details about the issues
Bank also launches its farmer outreach programme 'Har Gaon Hamara'
Infrastructure finance companies might have to brace for additional pressure on asset quality from exposure to renewable energy ...
The independent watchdog for auditing profession has sought applications for 10 posts of consultants and senior consultants on ...
The notification of the returns followed Budget announcements making income-tax return filing mandatory for certain persons even ...
ITR 1-Sahaj is for individuals having an annual income of up to Rs 5 million from salaries, a house, interest income, family ...
The framework is used to put lenders with high non- performing assets, weak return on assets and low capital adequacy ratio on a ...
The government, which usually notifies forms for filing income tax returns by individuals in April every year, on January 3 ...
Following an NCLT order dated December 3, Subramaniakumar, through a public notice, had asked all the creditors including fixed ...
According to sources, promotions and transfers till scale four at officers' level for the financial year 2020-21 is being decided ...
The Board of Directors of the Bank accepted the resignation on the day and he will be relieved from services on March 31, based ...
In a regulatory filing to the stock exchanges, the bank said it has received the amount as contribution of the government in ...
CRISIL believes BoB will be able to maintain adequate capitalisation over the medium term, backed by capital support from the ...
Speaking at an interactive session organsied by FICCI, Rajnish Kumar said private investment was necessary for achieving the ...
Jammu and Kashmir Bank on Saturday said the RBI has permitted lenders to extend the rehabilitation benefits applicable to the ...
In August 2019, the Finance Ministry had announced capital infusion of Rs 3,800 crore which was later increased by Rs 560 crore
Ten central trade unions have called a nation-wide general strike on January 8 'to protest against anti-labour policies' of the ...
For customers with loans above Rs 75 lakh, the effective rate will be 8.45 per cent.
For women borrowers in each loan category, ...
Direct tax collection target for the current fiscal has been pegged at Rs 13.35 lakh crore despite corporate tax relief of 1.45 ...
Currently, State Bank of India (SBI) holds 5.19 per cent stake in the exchange
Banco Exterior De Cuba is a nominated agency of the Government of Cuba
The issue which opened on Thursday and closed the same day, saw a total of 11 allottees through private placement of bonds, the ...
Under financial inclusion, the bank has about 58,000 BCs and 22,010 branches across the country to offer banking services
RBI said it reserves the right to decide on the quantum of purchase/sale of individual securities; accept bids/offers for less ...
In the year-ago fortnight, banks' advances stood at Rs 92.87 trillion, while deposits were at Rs 118.16 trillion
Sheth further said they will also be tapping the customers from those developers whom it funds now to grow the loan book
Power supply fell to 101.92 billion units in December, down 1.1% from 103.04 billion units last year, an analysis of daily load ...
The PCBA is a key component in the mobile manufacturing ecosystem.
It sought continuation of BCD on mobile phones at 20 per cent
The base size of the issue is Rs 200 crore with an option to retain oversubscription aggregating up to Rs 1,000 crore
The free app doesn't need Internet connection and can identify Mahatma Gandhi series of notes, both old and new, included in half ...
These UCBs must obtain prior approval of the RBI for appointing the CEO
A cheer for depositors, the move is contrary to what RBI and banks had advised
The new board of Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (IL&FS) expects to recover close to 50 per cent of the firm's ...
The RBI-regulated entities have to amend their contracts at the earliest or at the time of renewal, in any case not later than ...
While concerns have been expressed of late that stress may be on the rise in the retail loan books, it is also true that lenders ...
Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) continued to contribute significantly to the economy
The size of the distressed asset fund is expected to be on the lines of the government of India-backed AIF for distressed housing ...
A problem which is now being worked upon is to how to marry the low cost of funds from banks with the lower cost of operations of ...
S Sundar follows at least three other senior executives, including former CEO Parthasarathi Mukherjee, who quit in August
Non-food credit growth of banks slowed to 7.2 per cent to Rs 86.73 lakh crore in November, according to the latest data from the ...
The BoM will be constituted by the Board of Directors (BoD) of the UCBs concerned within one year, the RBI said
The crippled non-banking financial companies are hoping for better days in the New Year as they expect liquidity condition to ...
United Bank of India has written to the Government seeking a new name for the entity formed out of its merger with Punjab ...
Under his governorship, Das silenced the ever-hungry market and North Block mandarins with 135 basis points reduction in interest ...
Interestingly, instead of the 10-year bond yields coming down, it increased about 5 basis points to close at 6.55% after the OMO
Industry fears the move to drag the growth of digital payments
UCBs' target for priority-sector lending has been proposed at 75 per cent of their credit from 40 per cent now
At the start of the decade, the government was busy infusing stimulus packages to revive various sectors affected by the global ...
96% of loans disbursed are non-performing
Move to boost NETC, foster competition among system participants; turnaround time for resolving failed transactions will be ...
The RBI had announced to purchase and sell simultaneously government securities under Open Market Operations (OMO) for Rs 10,000 ...
"Every fundamentals indicate towards higher growth and better future next year," Finance Secretary Rajiv Kumar told PTI, ...
The new rates will be applicable from January 1, 2020
Automation also needs to be accompanied by a transformation of skills and talent to enable the finance function to  take on the ...
In the last financial year 2018-19, sources said, these companies had reduced their debt burden by about Rs 43,000 crore
The Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation has received a total claim of about Rs 14,100 crore in case of defaulting ...
Over the past four years, total financing to real estate companies nearly doubled to Rs 2.01 trillion, shows the FSR released on ...
After getting it badly from markets watchdog Sebi, credit rating agencies (CRAs) whose role in the bad loan implosion has been ...
The RBI declined to give copies of two complaints received by it regarding 'irregularities' in the bank and the action taken on ...
PSBs may report fraud through e-filing of FIRs on a designated email address of CBI
Apex bank's FSR report says equity prices may also be used to determine 'intermediate' rating action, but advises caution about ...
Sitharaman said bankers have no reason to fear the "three Cs", referring to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Central ...
It said that PSBs have attached assets worth over Rs 2.3 lakh crore over the last three financial years
Says geopolitical uncertainties an overhang; CAD to remain under control
On a year-on-year basis, a large variation was observed in HPI growth, with Kanpur recording the highest rise (18.3 per cent) and ...
As of 2018-19, the premium collected from member banks was Rs 12,040 crore, of which commercial banks contributed 93 per cent ...
Currently, the UCBs are not a part of the CRILIC reporting framework.
The RBI's move will help strengthen offsite supervision and ...
Following NBFCs, HFCs were the second-largest borrowers of funds from the financial system with gross payables of around Rs 5.9 ...
State-owned banks have been grappling with stressed loans and limited capacity to absorb further rise in slippages expected due ...
This involved 4,412 fraud cases of Rs 1 lakh and above, as per the report
What is more pertinent is the divestment revenue.
Of the Rs 1.05 lakh crore budgeted for the year, only 17 per cent have been ...
To start with, UCBs will be required to submit CRILC report on quarterly basis with effect from December 31, 2019
Non-bank lenders witnessed stress in their asset quality in the first half of the current fiscal, with gross NPA ratio increasing ...
The fall in 10-year G-Sec yields is estimated to benefit state-owned banks by Rs 5,760 crore; Nifty PSU Bank rises 3%
Comments come at a time when many promoters of companies are under regulatory scanner
This additional factor of authentication will protect State Bank card holders from unauthorized ATM cash withdrawals, it said ...
The foreign banks' gross bad loans may increase to 3.1 per cent from 2.9 per cent in September 2019
LIC Chairman M R Kumar handed over the cheque to Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman in presence of Finance Secretary Rajiv Kumar ...
Have disbursed just Rs 135 cr out of a total assistance of Rd 6,492 cr; Private sector lenders eclipse all banks
These assets belong to HDIL group firms owned by Rakesh Wadhawan and his son Sarang, the prime accused in the Rs 6,500-crore scam ...
In August, the finance ministry had announced a capital infusion of Rs 3,800 crore in the state-owned lender.
This has now been ...
Karnam Sekar, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, IOB, recently said that the bank is expected to come out from prompt ...
According to ICRA, even in a high-growth scenario, wherein the second half of FY20 sees the incremental bank credit rise to Rs ...
Sitharaman will also discuss with PSBs the prospects of launching RuPay credit cards, a move that was recently announced by SBI ...
Analysts expect the central bank to cut repo even further
Loans and advances of foreign banks operating in India rose about 13 per cent to nearly Rs 3.97 trillion in 2018-19.This was ...
The facility will be available to customers on 24x7 basis even on holidays, enabling them to receive or send funds to any bank ...
Sales in Mumbai rose 22% in 2019 even though a persistent credit crunch and economic slowdown curtailed recovery in India's ...
The Department of Financial Services in a letter on Thursday conveyed the sanction for release of the fresh capital infusion fund ...
The Reserve Bank on Thursday appointed Jammu & Kashmir Bank as the lead banker for the newly carved out union territory of Jammu ...
Net NPAs of banking sector stood at 3.8 per cent as of March 2019
The lender has issued 15,000 redeemable Basel III compliant Tier II bonds in the nature of debenture of Rs 10 lakh each, it said
Under the Fugitive Economic Offences Act, the court can order attachment of offenders' properties
The amount they bought of such NPAs in the 12-month period was less, at Rs 57,506 cr, from the Rs 67,830 cr they acquired in the ...
According to officials, integration of core banking systems may take 12-18 months
The sector faces increasing competition from not only scheduled commercial banks (SCBs) but also from small finance banks and ...
Frauds have been predominantly in the loan portfolio, both in number and value.
In the first half of FY20, asset quality of the sector showed further deterioration with slight increase in GNPAs.
In 2017-18, the government had infused a capital of Rs 90,000 and another Rs 1,06,000 crore in 2018-19 into the PSBs, bolstering ...
The Budget projected the Centre's fiscal deficit to come down to 3.3 per cent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) in ...
IMF also said there were weaknesses in the deflation method used to derive value added.
Deflators are used to convert GDP at ...
The central bank said it would focus on improving supervision of around 1,500 UCBs across the country
According to a study titled 'Asia-Pacific Prime Office Rental Index Q3 2019' by property consultant Knight Frank, the National ...
The anti-CAA protests have led to delays in repayments in the entire north-east region, pockets of Uttar Pradesh, as well as in ...
Currently, there is not a single domestic lender in the global top 50 list, which since the 2008 global financial meltdown has ...
The secured redeemable non-convertible debentures are to be allotted on a private placement basis on Friday for an issue size of ...
Net non-performing assets (NPAs) of all commercial banks reduced to 3.7 per cent in FY19 as against 6 per cent in FY18.
The kingpin and two of his accomplices were arrested and produced before a court which remanded him in judicial custody and ...
The lender investing more than Rs 10 lakh across P2P platforms will produce a certificate to P2P platforms from a practising ...
Total advances by all sources - public sector banks, private sector banks and co-operative banks rose to Rs 53,5840.18 crore in ...
Banks have stopped issuing suo moto cards for dormant accounts and moved to chip-based cards, weeding out many accounts
Alitco's bad loans spiked to 23.8% of its loan book in the July-September quarter, adding to concerns of recovery for the lenders
The lender will be listing and e-auctioning the properties it repossessed from defaulters on the realty portal
The policy easing cycle this year saw Das and his rate-setting panel deliver a rare 35 basis-point cut in August
RBL, Federal and City Union appear better-placed to handle the potential SME loans-related woes; investors should be cautious on ...
And to address these issues, there are two things which are happening, one is at the IBA level and another by RBI to develop ...
The PCA framework kicks in when banks breach any of the three key regulatory trigger points namely capital to risk weighted ...
He also said that the State Bank of India (SBI) is underutilising its loan sanction limits as there is not enough credit demand ...
On rate transmission by banks, Kumar said when interest rate moves downwards then everybody starts talking and when it goes ...
On transmission of monetary policy, he said the banks cannot lower rates beyond a threshold due to asset liability mismatch ...
At present, pensions products are sold by both insurance companies as well mutual funds, which makes Irdai and Sebi, as the ...
Addressing industry representatives, Sitharaman said India's macro-economic indicators were on a solid footing
Post process, the effective date of listing for the commercial paper at the exchange will be December 23, the BSE said in a ...
India is the second-largest shareholder of the bank and the largest recipient of its loan and equity commitments.
The share of women in terms of number of policies is 36%, higher than what it was in FY18 at 32%
The bank reported overall capital adequacy ratio of 11.98% in September this year
India Inc leaders, including  Bharti Enterprises Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal, CII President Vikram Kirloskar and Assocham ...
Office properties attracted 46 per cent of the total inflow and received nearly Rs 20,000 crore this year
The court also said that the assets of HDIL and Wadhawans must be sold at the earliest in the interest of the PMC Bank and its ...
In a similar move, ICRA has downgraded rating on YES Bank's tier-II bonds from "A+" to "A"
In recent months, there have been several instances of under-reporting of bad loans by lenders
The RBI said while approving Kochhar's termination, it acted in accordance with the statutory provisions
Initially the platform will be to collect fixed deposits for HDFC, Bajaj Finance, and Mahindra Finance, he said, which will be ...
Currently, NBFC-MFIs are regulated by the Reserve Bank of India but not-for-profit organisations and SHG-promoting- institutions
It can be noted that in January 2019, the insurance behemoth completed acquisition 51 percent stake in IDBI Bank, following which ...
To comply with Basel III capital regulations, banks need to improve and strengthen their capital planning processes.
Resolution delays coupled with rising provision cover on large legacy bad loans (nearing 90 per cent) could mean that loan ...
Word is out that there will be relatively few takers for SFB licences compared to the 72 applicants who lined up in February 2015
Mis-selling and ATM-related complaints have gone up
Lender had approached tribunal seeking shares pledged by Karvy to it be unfreezed, saying the clients who owned the securities ...
The lender's performance is likely to stay subdued on weak economy, NBFC stress
Apart from this, the regulatory and legislative measures taken by the government in the past few years have propelled growth in ...
SBI had last year listed its life insurance arm and the proceeds came in handy to fight difficulties in asset quality.
It is also ...
The bank added that the board had approved the issuance of these bonds in October
The equity shares of the company will be listed on the BSE and the NSE.
The facility will be available on all days of the year including holidays
In addition to the $277 million dollar loan facility, KfW will also extend a grant of 1.5 million euros to SBI as a technical ...
The Enforcement Directorate on  Monday filed a charge sheet against Housing Development  Infrastructure Ltd (HDIL) promoters ...
The RBI had asked the bank not to grant or renew any loans and advances, make any investment or incur any liability, including ...
In a regulatory filing on Saturday, PNB said the divergence in gross non-performing assets (NPAs) assessed by the central bank ...
All banks will be eligible for the intraday facility, but the limit will be set by the RBI from time to time
Following exposure of scam in the PMC Bank, which had over 9.15 lakh depositors, the RBI had imposed restrictions on withdrawals
These entities will have to reveal divergence in provisioning during auditing
India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra) has revised outlook for the lender from "stable" to "negative" and affirmed its long-term ...
The country's largest lender and Insurance Australia Group (IAG) held 70 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively, in SBI General ...
The CEA also pointed out the recent disinvestment decisions regarding PSU majors BPCL, CONCOR and SCI
Banks and non-bank firms are in a feedback loop, especially through exposures to the real estate sector, which is under ...
Temasek has invested the money through the conversion of its 1.01 crore warrants.
Bank plans to raise $1.75 billion; in talks with five European institutions: Ravneet Gill
Granular deposits, which are current and savings deposits and retail term deposits, accounted for 48 per cent of total deposits ...
Flagging multiple lapses, the National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) has said that Deloitte Haskins and Sells LLP failed ...
The one-year MCLR is the benchmark to price most of consumer loans such as auto and personal
As part of rationalising its  international operations, state-owned Bank of Baroda Thursday  signed a share purchase agreement ...
Patil recalled that he had suggested merger of the PMC and MSC banks to the latter's chairman
The Mumbai-based lender said its board failed to reach a final decision on potential investors at a meeting
Yes Bank Ltd. shares tumbled the most in two months after its board deferred an announcement on new investors, prompting a ...
The meeting focused on credit flow to the 'productive sectors' which include micro, small and medium enterprises and non-banking ...
The technological interventions were necessitated by the increasing cases of defaults in the microfinance segment
This will allow public sector banks (PSBs) to buy pooled assets from financially sound entities
The outreach programme is being conducted in 54 zones, comprising 5,000 branches
Besides, the company sanctioned Rs 200 crore for Project Grand Omaxe Lucknow in January 2018.
The cabinet also approved a pact with Japan to help build high grade steel manufacturing capabilities in the country
Funding issues, rising borrowing costs, re-calibration and de-risking of loan portfolios and economic slowdown will weigh on AUM ...
Adityanath government to take legal action, including filing for claims with liquidator
The stock opened lower on the BSE and slumped further by 19.48% to Rs 40.70 ion day trade
The bank last month appointed new leadership to the division and aims to bolster its M&A activity by adding more bankers to ...
RBI cited concern about near-term inflation when it took analysts and markets by surprise and kept it unchanged last week
Defaults that began in 2017 with the IL&FS Group have triggered liquidity issues across other banks and shadow lenders that now ...
FMs' statements in the Lok Sabha show that 41,360 public-sector bank employees have been held responsible and penalised for NPAs ...
Yes Bank needs an arranged match brokered by the RBI, or it's No Bank
The cash squeeze in the nation's shadow banking industry, which lends to everyone from street vendors to property tycoons, shows ...
As a result, the bank's reported profit of Rs 862 crore for the fiscal year now stands at a loss of Rs 6,968 crore
Banks' retail credit growth is up  due to higher reliance on securitisation by liquidity starved  non-banking lenders, and does ...
One-year MCLR now stands at 8.20 per cent, down from 8.25 per cent, the public sector bank said
Board of directors will continue to evaluate other potential investors to raise capital up to $2 bn
The brokerage said if the RBI is not comfortable with a negative real repo rate, which is the repo rate minus the headline ...
IDBI Bank will sell up to 49 per cent stake in its subsidiaries IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Ltd (ICMS) and IDBI Intech Ltd ...
The board decided that the final decision regarding allotment to Citax Holdings and Citax Investment Group will follow in the ...
HDFC Bank had also cut its MCLR by 10 bps across tenures last month
The revised one-year MCLR now stands at 8.30 per cent, down from the existing 8.40 per cent, the state-run lender said in a ...
Based on the divergence assessed by RBI in provisioning for bad loans, SBI said it would have reported a net loss of Rs 6,968 ...
State-run lenders had posted aggregate operating profits during 2017-18 and 2018-19 of Rs 1,55,603 crore and Rs 1,53,871 crore ...
Banking Regulation Act says that prior approval of the RBI is required to terminate the contract of a bank's chairman or managing ...
Last week, the country's largest lender State Bank of India had approved diluting up to 8.25% stake in UTI AMC
Earlier, Kochhar had stated that ICICI Bank was under statutory obligation to obtain prior RBI approval to terminate her from ...
The bank already has a retail branch at the local Manama Centre, it said in a statement
At a meeting on Tuesday, the board is expected to reject an offer from Canada's Erwin Singh Braich and Hong Kong-based SPGP ...
This is the eighth cut in MCLR in this financial year and follows a 5 bps reduction last month; most banks have linked their ...
The one year MCLR has come down to 7.90 per cent per annum from 8.00 per cent per annum with effect from December 10, 2019
The only conversion to date of an urban co-operative bank into a commercial bank is DCB Bank in 1996, which was however not a ...
In the revised scheme, the inspection of the UCBs solely under the Banking Regulation Act will be done by the central bank
RBI and the government had differences on many occasions, but the governor didn't let it play them out in public
The merger of the three PSBs is scheduled to come into force from April 1 next year.
The bank mobilised total deposit of Rs 9,72.44 crore and extended loans and advances of Rs 8,864.47 crore at the closing of the ...
Banks will also consider requests from MSMEs for restructuring their stressed standard assets
After the merger, the combined entity will also see a higher number of chief general managers
Sebi to freeze shareholding if extended deadline not met
NEFT transactions are settled in hourly batches.
For weekdays, the batches
are from 8 am to 7 pm.
On first and third Saturdays, ...
The state-owned lender said the board approved issuance of up to 125 crore fresh equity shares through qualified institutions ...
The scrip settled the day at Rs 56 on the BSE, down 9.82%
Some of the 10 public sector banks that are merging into four are promoters of insurance entities as well
The new centre will allow BoA to raise debt in international currency, even as the foreign bank launched two Indian bond auctions ...
Sridharan joined Axis Bank in June 2010 and was made CFO in October 2015.
He was previously with Capital One Financial, a ...
Bank says it concluded the QIP at an issue price of Rs 351 per share pursuant to the allotment of 57.7 million equity shares
The report released by environmental groups on Thursday cites more than 1,000 new coal power stations or units in the pipeline
The deal includes a commitment of $150 million in NIIF's Master Fund and co-investment rights of up to $450 million in future ...
A call will be taken on further course of action once the RBI gets the report
The RBI said it would amend the guidelines for UCBs to reduce concentration risk in exposures
The market and economists were expecting a sure cut in the policy review, considering the weak growth rate
All these analysts agree that a rate cut is on the table but are not the same page on the timing though
The CBDT has sought inputs from stakeholders on draft notification proposing amendments December 19
RBI governor says sector being closely monitored; credit flow is improving
On September 23, the RBI had imposed regulatory restrictions on the PMC Bank for six months over alleged financial irregularities
The bank's customers couldn't access these services from 10 am on Monday to early Wednesday morning.
Many tweeted saying they ...
SFBs will at once be identified as scheduled banks and can open branches immediately
The bank's PMI has crossed 50 points for the first time this month indicating that sentiment is positive
The forensic audit report on the  scam-hit Punjab & Maharashtra Co-operative Bank is expected by  the end the month, Reserve Bank ...
The state-owned banks account for a dominant share (around 90 per cent) of impaired loan stock and have cumulatively written-off ...
Retail lending, however, is growing at a decent rate, the bank said
Global rating agency says potentially stressed assets and low loss-absorbing buffers may add pressure to the bank's funding and ...
In India's context, corporate loans both standard and Non-Performing Assets (NPAs) have been transferred from banks to other ...
The Maharashtra government has  suggested merger of the scam-hit Punjab & Maharashtra  Cooperative (PMC) Bank with the MSC Bank ...
Arvind Kumar Sharma of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party said on one hand the nation was moving towards Digital India while on ...
These measures are expected to strengthen the resilience and sustainability of UCBs and protect the interest of depositors, it ...
PPIs have been playing an important role in promoting digital payments and bringing in the new PPI will further facilitate its ...
If Reserve Bank's rate cut pause has shocked you, blame it on inflation
The comments come a year after the government tagged Bitcoins and other crypto-currencies illegal and following which the RBI ...
Banking and policy experts said government lending schemes had a track record of skimping on due diligence, leading to ...
The industry has been reeling from a crisis triggered by the shock collapse of financier IL&FS Group last year, which has been ...
Canara Bank Chairman T N Manoharan said his bank was having a business of Rs 10 trillion and the Syndicate Bank R.five trillion
The minister said railways spend a lot a funds on cleanliness, running suburban railway trains, gauge conversions and others
The government is keen to revive credit growth and spur Asia's third-largest economy, which expanded at the slowest pace in six ...
If the central bank views asset purchases as a way to influence the waning quantity of money, then it should act now.
Doing so ...
Recovery rates from bad loans have improved after the implementation of the bankruptcy code in 2016
Financial creditors initiated around 1,086 cases or 43 per cent
The Economic Offences Wing of the Mumbai Police arrested three former directors - two of them women - of the Punjab & Maharashtra ...
Till November 22, the central bank bought Rs 4,300 crore of bonds
Retail banking is showing early signs of stress, and growth may well have peaked
Some creditors to Altico Capital India Ltd., which focuses on real estate lending, are concerned that the absence of fresh equity ...
The bank has apologised on Twitter and assured customers that the problem will be resolved soon
The information was provided by Minister of State for Finance Anurag Singh Thakur in a written reply to a question on "fugitive ...
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman in September had asked banks to reach out to customers and signal their willingness to lend ...
The minister said that out of 18,782 cases filed under IBC, 2016 at the end of June 2019, 2,173 cases were admitted under the
In August, the government announced a mega plan to merge 10 public sector banks into four with a view to creating fewer and ...
Fitch said the rating outlook for most Indian banks mirrors the stable outlook on India's sovereign rating
The corporation covers all commercial banks, including branches of foreign banks functioning in India, local area banks and ...
The bank is expecting that a little less than 50% of its portfolio will be dominated by affordable housing loans in the next 3 to ...
The court gave her time till December 9 to amend the plea and serve notice on the RBI
The new product is targeted at those who can deliver a "relationship value" of over Rs 5 crore, as against the earlier Rs 30 lakh ...
On Friday evening, the bank had announced that its board had agreed to raise $2 billion from an assortment of investors
"Over 62% or about $58 billion of the total loan advances ($93 billion) to Indian real estate by banks and NBFCs/HFCs is ...
The third largest pure-play mortgage player has been in liquidity crisis for long and on November 20 the RBI had superseded its ...
The Bill seeks to replace the Ordinance which was promulgated by the President in September
The Finance Minister said that in case of medical emergencies, marriages and other crisis situations, a depositor of the PMC Bank ...
The board will meet again on Dec. 10 to approve a preferential allotment of shares to investors, none of which will receive more ...
In April 2019, the bank had first disclosed that it had started to provide extra capital, but had not given out the exact levels ...
India's richest man, Mukesh Ambani, wants to connect 30 million small retailers with common inventory-management, billing and tax ...
Even as market rates have fully reflected the rate cuts, companies are not necessarily in the mood for borrowing, as they face a ...
Board agrees to allot 24.24 mn shares at Rs 340.70 apiece; RBL had already told shareholders at AGM that it would raise equity ...
Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan also tweeted that the state's own bank would commence soon.
With this, the holding of Reliance Project Ventures and Management Ltd in Reliance Infra has come down from 30.05 per cent to ...
Banks are supporting finance companies also by buying the high retail loan pools and SME
An interim moratorium on the assets of the beleaguered company has also commenced following the RBI's application, and will ...
Board of directors held marathon meeting which lasted over eight hours
Liquidity pressures faced by the non-banking financial sector following the IL&FS failure are likely to continue though funding ...
According to him, the mode of recapitalisation that is being done now is through the issue of bond
Yes Bank Ltd. is expected to name the investors and the amount of money they will contribute after its board signs off on the ...
It wasn't too long ago that economic aspirations for India echoed China's. Now this young country of 1.4 billion people is ...
Even as banks have written off more loans than before, recovery of bad loans has also improved substantially in the past couple ...
Housing, commercial vehicle and term loans fall 23-85% in the September quarter; gold loan reports growth
The Chennai-Kanyakumari Industrial Corridor is part of the East Coast Economic Corridor in Tamil Nadu
Presently, Muthoot Fincorp has over 3,600 branches in India, with seventy percent in southern markets
Under the pact, EHFL and BoB will share risks and rewards in creating a conducive lending ecosystem for home loan seekers
Natural calamities, over-lending and liquidity issues with NBFCs add to the sector's woes
The issue, which opened on Tuesday and closed the same day, saw a total of 21 allottees through private placement of bonds
This includes over Rs 8,820 crore for the newly formed union territories of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh
The funds have invested about $2 billion
this year in the country's non-bank financing sector, which is worth some $40 billion.
Simply put, it will do away with the prevailing situation wherein non-banks have no clue on the status of credit exposure of ...
The shareholders of Ujjivan Financial Services will get shares at a discount of Rs 2 per share to the final issue price.
The issue will comprise fresh fund raising worth Rs 500 crore, which will be used to augment the capital base to meet future ...
A court here has allowed the RBI-  appointed administrator for PMC Bank to sell two airplanes and  a yacht belonging to HDIL ...
The regulator has penalised the broker with a fine of Rs 1 crore each for violating norms on related party transactions and not ...
Real estate industry associations - CREDAI and NAREDCO have been seeking this one-time rollover
Ministry was reluctant to assign serial numbers initially, but relented after SBI raised concerns about internal control and ...
The Mudra loan scheme was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 2015 to help the highly under-funded small and medium ...
The current round of fundraising will help the bank deepen its penetration in Punjab and expand into Haryana, Rajasthan and NCT ...
India is hardly immune to the global trend of sliding fees and trading commissions.
Bankers, NCLT said, failed to appear in the case relating to the IL&FS fraud despite repeated notices from the ministry of ...
The top 10 states constitute 82.7 per cent in terms of GLP
The provisions in the IBC provide for the orderly resolution of a stressed company.
Until now, the only resolution framework for ...
Banks have an exposure of Rs 38,000 crore in DHFL, which owes Rs 84,000 crore to mutual funds, retail depositors, and others
May resort to debt recovery tribunals or Sarfaesi Act for the smaller ones
Speaking to an audience comprising of all the top bankers, RBI deputy governor said the new guidelines will be put in public ...
At Business Standard Banking Forum 2019, India's top bankers discuss the difficulties facing the country's financial services ...
Under the Basel-III norms, AT-1 bonds come with loss absorbency features, meaning that in case of stress, banks can write off ...
The EOW has already given its consent to dispose of these properties earlier
However, the buyer of the shares could not be ascertained
Were RBI and govt slow to react to the NBFC crisis?
There was an initial feeling that it was a one-institution problem, but going ...
Rajesh Mirjankar, MD and CEO of InfrasoftTech, says it's a popular myth that bankers do not understand technology
SC ruling last week not only paved the way for ArcelorMittal's purchase of Essar Steel India Ltd., but also allowed banks to set ...
The committee would comprise of Rajiv Lall, non-executive chairman, IDFC First Bank Ltd, N S Kannan, managing director and CEO, ...
The potential write-off would place an additional burden on Indian banks already struggling with $130 billion of bad loans, one ...
This comes at a time when the RBI is sprucing up its regulatory and supervisory architecture to meet the challenges of the ...
The Mumbai-headquartered pureplay mortgage lender has become the first NBFC or housing finance company to go for bankruptcy ...
SBI's market capitalisation on Friday stood at a low Rs 2.95 trillion, which is just about 42% of private sector HDFC Bank's Rs ...
Edelweiss Personal Wealth Advisory has witnessed an increase of 25 per cent in its client base in Bhubaneswar in the last two ...
After watching the shadow banking industry collapse in slow motion for more than a year, authorities have decided that enough is ...
For over ten years, the RBI has denied RTI applicants this information arguing that it would be against the economic interests of ...
The UP Power Corporation Contributory Provident Fund Trust also has an intervenor application, seeking release of Rs 4,100 crore
Bank's credit grew by 8.07 per  cent to Rs 98.47 lakh crore in the fortnight ended November  6, according to the recent RBI ...
His resignation was announced by the Citi Asia Pacific chief executive Peter Babej over email to the employees
The non-compliance included the opening of savings bank accounts of a co-operative society and non-adherence with directions on ...
Vikram Akula is the non-executive chairperson and co-promoter of the company
State Bank of India reported fraud of ₹25,400 crore followed by Punjab National Bank of ₹10,800 crore and Bank of Baroda of ...
The bank's stock has fallen 65% to Rs 64.15 a share, this year to date
Gross non-performing assets assessed by the Reserve Bank of India were $457 million higher than Yes Bank had disclosed as of ...
FM Sitharaman says 5,743 incidents in govt banks from April to September this year
Year to date, the stock of YES Bank has fallen 65 per cent to Rs 64.15 a share
Are mergers and acquisitions around the corner?
Patel on how the fintech company plans to build its business, get a small finance bank licence
The proposed curbs on core investment companies will make it tough for large corporate groups to funnel capital as they did in ...
After providing for in Q2, incremental gross NPA is Rs 2,018 cr; additional provision required is Rs 632 cr
Review covers 37 SCBs (18 public sector banks and 19 private sector banks) and the figures are as on November 14
This IPO is mainly to meet the regulatory requirement.
RBI had asked the Bank to list on the bourses by September but this was ...
In a detailed affidavit filed before the Bombay High Court on Tuesday, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has virtually admitted ...
The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the Mumbai Police is probing the alleged Rs 4355 crore scam in the bank
Yes Bank closed on Tuesday 2.66 per cent lower, at Rs 64.15 a share, on the BSE.
Banks led by SBI may make a representation to the RBI, stating the current resolution process did not find much success and they ...
The bank had reported Rs 11,333.24 crore net NPAs during the year while the RBI assessed it at Rs 13,898.24 crore
Indian Bank is the acquiror while Allahabad Bank is the transferor
The Reserve Bank employees unions  on Tuesday urged the government to hike the insurance cover on  bank deposits from the present ...
It is alleged that there was illegal transfer and misuse of funds from government accounts
The RBI had imposed regulatory restrictions on the PMC Bank for six months over alleged financial irregularities
One of the active investors in the sector is International Finance Corporation, the World Bank's investment arm
Authorities have taken more steps recently to help the shadow bank sector, which plays a vital role in getting money to everyone ...
Its corporate loan book stood at over Rs 16,100 crore at the end of September
The Reserve Bank is in the  process of setting up a 'college of supervisors' to augment  the supervisory skills of its key ...
RBI has been blaming banks for slower transmission of its policy moves into their lending rates and continuously nudging them to ...
Most highly rated companies are enjoying rate benefit of more than 150 basis points in their working capital raised from the ...
According to a source close to the development, the bank is still in talks with the investor and has not taken any decision on ...
the ministry notified the framework for dealing with systemically important FSPs, excluding banks, under the Code wherein ...
Some are using artificial intelligence to identify the right candidate.
Federal Bank, for instance
New scheme likely for wholesale at Rs 25 lakh; proposals could figure at RBI board meet
Bank of India had a fall in its net NPA divergence by Rs 329 crore for 2018-19
Blames lack of it for elevated levels of NPAs, capital shortfalls, fraud
Insolvency proceedings will be initiated only on an application by the appropriate regulator, who will be notified by the MCA, ...
At present, bank depositors get an insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh on their amount by the Deposit Insurance and credit Guarantee ...
Slowing economy and higher tier-I capital requirement shifting focus to retail lending
Resolution plans were to be implemented within 180 days from the end of the one-month review period
The bank had earlier reported NPA provisions of Rs 18,647.23 crore for 2018-19, while the RBI assessment pegged the provisioning ...
The bank had earlier reported NPA provisions of Rs 18,647.23 crore for 2018-19, while the RBI assessment pegged the provisioning ...
However, net NPAs were down at 6.98%, against 8.42%
The top-rated non-banking financing companies are able to get loans in the domestic market as well, but they are finding that ...
There is slow down in motor segment and provisions towards bad debts and diminution in value of certain equity investments ...
The lenders, led by State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda and IDFC had moved the high court seeking a relief from an earlier order ...
Loan assets of the group grow by 13% to Rs 40,390 crore during first half of FY20
The Economic Offences Wing (EOW)  of Mumbai Police has arrested an auditor in connection with  the alleged Rs 4,355 crore scam at ...
The bureau has also suggested the names of L V Prabhakar and Atanu Kumar Das for Canara Bank Bank of India chiefs, respectively
As a result, there will be no corporate title promotions in 2019, the memo said.
DWS will still have a chief executive and chief ...
Kochhar was directed to return about Rs 10 crore in cash bonuses she had received as CEO
The bank's gross non-performing assets during the first six months of the year stood at Rs 1346.65 crore, or 4.91 per cent of its ...
While the NBFC sector continues to face the heat, corporate banks seem to be on track to recovery
R Gandhi and Y H Malegam report to be the bedrock of new guidelines
Two auditors were arrested on  Monday night in connection with the Rs 4,355-crore alleged  Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative ...
Opposing their pleas, the Mumbai Police's Economic Offences Wing (EOW) had said that prima facie a nexus between some of the ...
Around 400 depositors of fraud-  hit Punjab & Maharashtra Co-operative Bank (PMC) on Monday met  Mumbai Police Commissioner ...
While profit before tax grew 68.1%, net profit showed an increase of only 1.4%
The bank's net non-performing assets were at 1.72 per cent of net advances as on October 31, 2019 and gross non- performing ...
Total PE/VC investments in India now stand at $43.7 billion till now this year--16.5 per cent higher than the previous high of ...
Its shares have rallied about 50 per cent -- the biggest gain among global peers valued at more than $1 billion -- after ...
Many shadow lenders have been effectively shut out of the nation's credit market as the more than 15-month-old banking crisis ...
According to rough estimates, the need is at least Rs 2,000-3,000 crore in each of the companies, the total collective ...
The RBI contemplates a return to an earlier supervisory rating framework for NBFCs, too, while ensuring financial statement ...
Gross NPA at 21.25% of gross advances, compared with 12.31% a year ago; net NPA rise to 10.47% from 6.88%
Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Company Ltd, in which the Company holds 46.5 per cent stake, disbursed Rs 15,954 crore for the ...
The bank's bad loan ratio worsened with gross non-performing assets hitting 21.25% of the gross advances
The need for a robust bond market has increased, thanks to the stressed balance-sheets of banks, M Rajeshwar Rao, an executive ...
The bank did not factor in the effect of deferred tax assets for this quarter.
It will, however, do it before March 2020.
Borrowing costs from overseas markets may not see substantial jump
The bank has an optimistic outlook on the credit demand from the corporate and SME sector
Additionally, the lender has revised interest rates on term deposits with effect from November 10, 2019
Similarly, the limit has been increased from Rs 1.6 lakh for urban or semi-urban areas to Rs 2 lakh, the RBI said in a circular
Tier 1 capital and CRAR stood at 9.52 percent and 11.98 percent, respectively
Total income rose to Rs 22,097.91 crore for the second quarter of 2019-20, compared with Rs 13,429.95 crore a year ago
Gross NPA ratio rises to 19.05% from 17.53% a year ago, net NPA falls to 5.98% from 7.96%
The outlook was revised down for EXIM India, HDFC Bank, Hero FinCorp, HUDCO, IRFC, and SBI
Digital payments constituted a high 96% of total non-cash retail payments during the October 2018 to September 2019
The state-owned lender had registered a loss of Rs 1,816.19 crore during the year-ago period
The write-offs illustrate the urgent problem of bad loans as borrowers struggle to service, let alone pay-off, their debt in a ...
With this reduction, the one year MCLR, to which most of its loan prices are linked, will come down to 8 per cent
Most of the stalled projects are in eight large cities and 60 per cent of them are in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region and National ...
New framework likely to be introduced even before default happens
The first issuance of NCDs of Rs 500 crore was subscribed by a foreign bank
Says won't allow the services until it meets data norms
The UCO Bank's total income during the September 2019 quarter increased to Rs 4,533.51 crore
A consortium - led by Union Bank (UNBK.NS) and State Bank of India (SBI.NS) - was set up to restructure DHFL's (DWNH.NS) debt a ...
PMC Bank was placed under an RBI administrator on September 23 for six months due to massive under-reporting of dud loans
This issuance is through private placement basis with a door-to-door tenure of 10 years, and the proceeds will be utilised by the ...
A consortium - led by Union Bank and State Bank of India - was set up to restructure DHFL's debt a month after it defaulted in ...
Surjan Singh is one of three former Credit Suisse bankers who have pleaded guilty to taking millions of dollars in bribes to ...
The RBI panel's advice to limit CIC to two levels is another reform for better financing arrangement
It is not clear as to where PMC Bank stands in the pecking order for recovery of its dues from HDIL, worth Rs 6,500 crore
An inability to raise planned equity capital will negatively impact YES Bank's credit profile and ratings, Moody's added
State Bank chairman Rajnish Kumar said if there is scope for restructuring, then one should do it
An official clarified that the existing Lower Parel building will be used by the bank; not be sold or rented out
The three firms need immediate recapitalisation of at least Rs 2,000-3,000 crore each in order to maintain solvency ratios and ...
IDBI Bank has informed and cautioned the public through the notice that "no person shall deal with any of the properties of the ...
The bank had posted a net profit of Rs 356.55 crore during the corresponding July-September period of last fiscal ended March 31, ...
A decision to announce a fresh stimulus could be a tough one for the government, after its budget deficit topped 90% of its ...
Lenders restrict funds to companies with lower ratings
Initially, NBFCs have to maintain a minimum of 50 per cent of high quality liquid assets as part of the LCR, which will ...
Provisioning related to bad loans went up to Rs 3,253 crore in Q2, up from Rs 2,147 crore in the previous quarter
More than 60 per cent of customers say they already use these products from BigTechs or "challenger banks" or are likely to do so ...
It's one of the worst kept secrets in banking, and not many chief executive officers (CEOs) of banks want to go public on it
The 3 hotels belong to Rakesh Wadhawan and his family, says ED
This marks the fourth revision in withdrawal limit by the RBI since the PMC Bank scam came to the fore
The penalty was imposed through an order dated November 4
This is the fifth increase in withdrawal limit since the bank was placed under its direct control with an administrator on ...
The 74-year-old Andrew Lobo died at his home at Kasheli in the neighbouring Thane late Thursday evening
The policies that have lapsed for more than two years and were not allowed to be revived earlier can also be revived now, LIC ...
The RBI said guaranteed bonus was not consistent with sound risk management
The regulator said if the variable pay is up to 200% of the fixed pay, at least 50% of it should be in non-cash
The regulator also wants the shadow banks to monitor their liquidity risks based on a stock approach to liquidity
The bank last week faced a Rs 1 crore fine from the RBI for not complying with shareholding norms under the licensing rules
The bank has lately seen some recovery in its share price after informing exchanges that it had a binding offer from a global ...
The RBI said the window for submission of applications will be be open from November 15 to December 15, 2019
Total income down 6% to Rs 5,024 crore; bad loans shrink
FPO to strengthen lender's capital adequacy, size will depend on success of QIP
The recent changes in mutual funds regulations are likely to result in a decline in the volume of commercial paper outstanding by ...
It directed the RBI to file its affidavit and posted the matter for further hearing on November 19
This everyday excitement is unhelpful.
It would be nice to have YES's board approve a concrete fundraising offer
With elevated credit cost guidance and addition to stressed assets, share under pressure; faster than anticipated capital ...
Gill exuded confidence that the bank does not see any jump in this book in the future, but conceded that it was keeping a similar ...
Net profit stood at Rs 266.4 crore compared to a loss of Rs 1,156.3 crore in Q2 of 2018-19.
The bank is in dire need of capital to not only provide for bad assets but also for growth
The bank had reported a provisioning of Rs 6,131.86 crore for non-performing assets, while the RBI had assessed provisions of Rs ...
or LVB, the net loss widened to Rs 1,006 crore
from Rs 894 crore.
Statutory filings under the Companies Act are submitted to the ministry through the MCA21 portal
The bank had posted a loss of Rs 1,156.25 crore in the July-September quarter last fiscal.
Lakshmi Vilas Bank was placed under the RBI's PCA framework due to high level of bad loans, lack of sufficient capital to manage ...
On Thursday, option premium for Rs 65 contract was up 270 times at day's high
The development follows the RBI's central board decision to create separate supervisory and regulatory cadre
The private sector lender had posted a net profit of Rs 951.47 crore in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal
The lender's total income grew 11.2% to Rs 1,815 cr during the quarter, from Rs 1,633 cr a year ago
Instead, the unions said, ensuring 'proper governance in the system' and 'removing political interference' will address the ...
All the four entities, for which data was sought by Irdai on October 9, have been downgraded by credit rating agencies recently
This was the third-biggest single-day gain for the stock - it zoomed 33 per cent in early October and 30.7 per cent in ...
Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam on  Thursday said the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of Mumbai  Police has assured that the scam-hit ...
The bank said in September, it witnessed 15.4 million transactions totaling Rs 395 crore being undertaken by its 2 million ...
Consumer durable and housing loan accelerated the most, service sector witnesses a sharp fall in the credit growth rate
While the bank believes higher margins and lower credit costs will propel its return on assets by FY21, some analysts expect NPAs ...
Technology is helping NBFCs show more confidence in high-risk borrowers with credit scores under 700; deep behavioral analysis is ...
The market potential for bullion banking in India, according to the council, has an estimated value between $300 million and 500 ...
Earlier this month, the gold loan financier had informed about its proposal to raise $2 billion (around Rs 14,200 crore) from ...
The bank's provisioning for bad loans and contingencies came down to Rs 639 crore during the quarter as against Rs 2,217 crore in ...
At present, there are three deputy governors - N S Vishwanathan, B P Kanungo and M K Jain
The Mumbai-based lender jumped 24% at the 3:30 p.m. close in Mumbai on Thursday following the announcement
NBFCs have played a key role in consumer credit growth over recent years
Union Bank holds around 46 per cent stake in Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance and Andhra Bank is a part of IndiaFirst Life ...
The Kolkata-headquartered bank had posted a net loss of Rs 883.17 crore in the July-September period of 2018-19
The Fed said it will 'monitor the implications of incoming information for the economic outlook as it assesses the appropriate ...
9.89% stake of the total share capital of Bandhan Bank has been alloted to HDFC Ltd
The association will provide the bank's customers access to the insurer's portfolio and make insurance more accessible to its ...
The shareholding of the government in the bank will go up to 78.52% after the issue, from 70.62% currently.
The Kolkata-based bank had reported a net loss of Rs 883 crore in the same quarter last year
The private lender was supposed to bring down the shareholding of its non-operative financial holding company
The penalty has been imposed in exercise of powers vested in the RBI under the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949
Shares of Central Bank of India closed 1.70% higher at Rs 17.95 apiece on the BSE
Reasonable improvement in deposit accretion and sharp increase in profitability are the key achievements in Sept quarter
The bank said this is the first lot of non-performing asset accounts to be sold during the ongoing quarter of the current ...
The PMC Bank has been put under restrictions by the RBI after an alleged fraud of Rs 4,355 crore scam came to light
Within the BSE-500 universe, mid-sized private banks are the ones to see deeper cuts in FII stakes
Debt capital market underwriting fees totalled $201.2 million, up 108.7 per cent from a year ago - the best-ever first three ...
Results of SBI, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank indicate respite in formation of fresh bad loans; resolution and recoveries will be ...
The NCP leader defeated his cousin Pankaja Munde of the BJP in the just-concluded assembly elections from Parli in Beed district ...
The Chennai-headquartered mid-sized private sector bank has been headless since mid-September after the then chief executive ...
Such stringent cost control is just an example of how the lender has managed to pare expenses and boost efficiency, wooing ...
The central bank's gold reserves is valued at about $27 billion as of October 18, latest data showed
Retail loans grew by 22% YoY, while SME loan book grew by 29.9%
It had reported a net profit of Rs 1,204.62 crore for the July-September period a year ago
Non-food credit climbed Rs 214.40 billion to Rs 97.28 trillion, while food credit rose Rs 2.05 billion to Rs 602.90 billion
The bank said it is on track to meet its 9% return on equity goal for 2019, but that the economic environment means achieving its ...
Net profit stood at Rs 3,012 crore, as against Rs 945 crore for Q2FY19
The only reason the rescue is even being attempted is to delay - as long as possible -  the collapse of the large shadow lender ...
Intense competition among telcos had already impacted financial profile of firms and court judgment would now only add pressure ...
The profit before tax came at Rs 100 crore, as against a loss of Rs 583 crore in the year-ago period
Net interest margin has started to come off from the 10 per cent plus mark as proportion of lower-yield mortgages rise
Financials have seen sharp erosion in their share prices in wake of the yearlong crisis in India's credit markets
KPMG did a forensic audit on DHFL.
Its draft report has startling findings and says DHFL
could have diverted funds to ...
The unions have been demanding a five-day work week since a long time
All transfers and promotions for next financial year will be decided by respective banks, not by the merged entity
Total income up 18%. post-tax profit up 2.5x to Rs 359 cr; one bad loan referred to RBI as fraud
Troubles began last year when major shadow bank IL&FS Group unexpectedly defaulted, prompting broader shock that made it hard for ...
A recent contagion analysis released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) suggested that the failure of any top-five HFC or NBFC ...
It reported profit before tax (PBT) at Rs 751.78 crore for the second quarter (Q2) ended September 30 (Q2FY20), down from Rs ...
The bank suffered a net loss of Rs 112 crore for the quarter due to a Rs 2,138-crore one-off deferred tax asset
The agency said it also pictured a scenario where 30 per cent of banks' property exposure becomes non-performing, due to tight ...
On a standalone level, which represents the banking operations, PBT at Rs 2,100.63 crore was up 20.6 per cent YoY, while net ...
The stress test examines the potential impact on banks of liquidity pressures in the NBFC sector developing into widespread ...
The bank had registered a net profit of Rs 27 crore in July-September quarter of the previous financial year
At present, an individual's aggregate deposits in a bank, including fixed deposits, are insured for up to Rs 1 lakh by DICGC
The weakest, including those with Viability Ratings in the 'b' range, would face heightened solvency risks without capital ...
RBI asks arm to create model that'll make banks pay premiums depending upon their risk factor
Employees, more than any other entity, are responsible for internal fraud and leaks of internal information
If RBP kicks in, there will be a shakeout among urban-cooperative banks
Securitisation under pass-through certificate (PTC) transactions was to the tune of Rs 92,000 crore in the past one year
While banking operations are expected to be hit due to the strike, many banks, including branches of SBI are likely to remain
Accusing the government of lying about the economic situation, Yechury alleged that public money was being used for PR
Most legal experts believe had the FRDI Bill been enacted alongside the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, it would have helped the ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) will conduct an e-auction of 11 bad loan accounts on November 7 to recover dues of Rs 466.49 ...
Deposits grew 23%, and advances rose 19.5% year on year
The depositors gathered outside the RBI around 11.45 am and held protests by showing placards and chanting slogans against PMC ...
The demand for currencies rose in the eastern India, where Durga Puja is a major festival
An 83-year-old depositor of the  troubled PMC Bank died on Friday, with his family claiming  that it could not raise money for ...
A capital-constrained economy like India can't afford a jungle raj in finance
Banks have also been asked to promote the disbursement of Mudra loans
The regulator, auditor and management should be held responsible for fraud in Punjab and Maharashtra Co-operative Bank or other ...
Bandhan Bank announced the opening of 106 additional home loan distribution points
The Wadhawans, in a letter to the ED, Union finance ministry and  RBI, requested that they be allowed to sell off 18 of their ...
The company's board will meet on October 24 to declare quarterly earnings for the second quarter of this fiscal and will also ...
Lending growth by banks had nearly halved to 8.8 per cent  at the end-September from the start of the year
The properties are spread across seven centres comprising Chennai, Coimbatore, Mumbai, Kolkata, Delhi, Bengaluru and Hyderabad
Sitharaman said while she is grateful that Rajan did an asset quality review, but people should know what makes the banks ailing ...
Future Group payments affiliate LivQuik to launch foreign remittance services at stores
Q2FY20 witnessed the large $16 billion Flipkart-Walmart deal.
If this deal
is excluded, exits during Q2FY20 were almost twice the ...
The association says RBI should get complete regulatory powers over cooperative banks and start doing on-site supervision.
The RBI governor also reviewed the credit off-take situation prevailing in the economy amid a slowdown, said sources
So far, the ED has attached and identified assets worth Rs 3,830 crore in the PMC money laundering case
A depositor of scam-hit PMC Bank  allegedly committed suicide here, while another died of a  heart attack a few hours after ...
Sanjay Gulati, the deceased, had lost his job at Jet Airways when the airline was grounded in April, his famly said.
He also had ...
However, when the accused came face to face, they shifted the onus of their acts onto each other, revealed the remand extension ...
RBI said it reviewed the bank's liquidity position and, with a view to reducing the hardship of the depositors, it decided to ...
YES Bank had become Fortis's biggest shareholder with an approximate 17% stake
Bankers' parleys with top policymakers come at a time when growth has slowed to a six-year low due to consumption slowdown and ...
PMC ex-MD Joy Thomas has accepted that his board helped him in manipulating more than 21000 bogus accounts
Srinivas said the "only problem" between financial and operational creditors during the litigation process in bankruptcy cases ...
For the third time since its  punitive actions, the Reserve Bank on Monday increased  withdrawal limits at the crippled ...
New rates will now range between 8.25 per cent and 8.65 per cent and the change will benefit all existing customers
PMC is in bad health allegedly due to its exposure to near-bankrupt realty player HDIL, to which it has loaned over 70 per cent ...
She said the banks have sufficient liquidity, and efforts are being made to ensure that due payments are released to the MSME ...
Bond Bulls in India Bet on Rate Cuts to Counter Fiscal Worries
Onions have a weight of 0.6 per cent in the overall inflation basket and contribute about 10 per cent to the vegetable basket
Instances and scale of farm loan waivers have seen an unprecedented increase since 2014-15... this surge is driven by state govt, ...
Federal law limits the time a national bank may hold foreclosed and "other real estate owned" (OREO) assets.
The meeting assumes importance after the Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative Bank scam and the general liquidity deficit in the ...
According to the Reserve Bank of India rules, banks can choose between repo, treasury rates, or any benchmark set by Financial ...
One estimate shows the MSCI inclusion could lead to ETF buying of nearly Rs 1,280 crore in Bandhan Bank.
In the first fortnight of the fiscal ending April 12, the credit demand grew 14.19 percent after closing the previous fiscal at ...
During the reporting month, the Central bank had purchased $615 million and sold $4.6 billion in the spot market
The Reserve Bank's central board on Friday discussed in detail the regulatory and supervisory architecture of commercial and ...
PMC's exposure to HDIL is over Rs 6,000 crore
Bank officials said with the fall in share price and valuation, there could be interest from other investors
With the reduction in their respective benchmark lending rates, home, auto and other loans have become cheaper
The organisation, an NBFC, will have authorised capital of Rs 500 crore
The decision taken by the RBI brings to an end the uncertainty and the financial institution would continue to raise capital as ...
Total income during the second quarter of 2019-20 rose to Rs 8,877.53 crore from Rs 6,755.37 crore in the year-ago period
The minister said she will speak to RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das about the interest of the depositors and convey their urgency ...
Base rate has been kept unchanged at 9.50 per cent per annum
On Wednesday evening, the Reserve Bank of India quashed a proposed merger of Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd., one of the ...
Amazon Flipkart claimed record sales during the recently concluded six-day online shopping bonanza
The NBFC issue started after Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services defaulted on a loan last year
Depositors keeping their money in savings bank account are technically not seeing their money grow.
The bank would look for higher equity infusion from the central government, its promoter, and also look at tapping tier-II bonds ...
The bank had sought approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on May 7, 2019
This is despite their strong branch network and plans to expand retail banking operations; PSB lead race, accounting for 70% of ...
The Bank's board and shareholders approved setting off losses against the balance lying in share premium account and revenue ...
The one-year marginal cost of funds-based lending rate (MCLR) would come down to 8.05% from 8.15% from October 10
The RBI has appointed an administrator and superseded the board of directors at PMC, after the discovery of major financial ...
The bank was waiting to meet capital adequacy norms before starting corporate lending.
Based on recent brokerage recommendations, here are six stocks - three that have seen an increase in their target price since ...
Valuations have already melted by 15 - 50% for many private sector banks
These loans until now have been among the best performing assets for banks given their ability to generate higher yields
Retail loans being the fastest growing segment in the last five years may be no exception
Meanwhile, there is enough evidence to indicate that NBFCs, real estate sector and retail loans may not presently be in a safe ...
The idea - seconded by the R Gandhi committee on UCBs in 2015 - behind this was to cut through the legal bureaucracy and tap ...
India's banking industry has been caught in turmoil over souring loans, with the crisis first emanating from the less-regulated ...
According to June 2019 data, SBI witnessed 11.62 per cent year on year growth in the corporate loan book
The Punjab & Maharashtra  Cooperative Bank (PMC) scam points to the urgent need to  massively increase the depositor insurance ...
The ED is in the process of attaching the properties of HDIL
See uptick in retail loan book; expect 10-12% credit growth this festive season
Give approval to raise Rs 550 crore through tier-I bonds and Rs 1,050 crore through Basel III-compliant bonds
The bungalow is spread across 2.5 acres; valuation being assessed
That has erased almost half of the surge sparked by the Sept 20 announcement of a landmark corporate tax cut
Trading in NBFC bonds slid to a five-month low of about Rs 75,520 in the secondary market in September, the lowest since April
According to an investment banker, the bank has received interest from both global PE players and Indian family offices; ...
In an interview with Somesh Jha, Rao spoke about the road map of the amalgamation and how the corporate tax cut and repo ...
IndusInd joins Axis Bank Ltd. and Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd. in predicting that the Indian financial sector's woes will ...
This is a fourth arrest in the case
Former managing director of Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) Bank, Joy Thomas, arrested in connection with the alleged Rs ...
The RBI clearly signalled its continued focus to revive growth, implying that more rate cuts are in the offing.
Reliance Home Finance Ltd (RHFL) on Friday said it is in discussion with several investors for equity infusion, amid tight ...
Since the Punjab National Bank scam came to light in February 2018, the banking sector has been hit with two other major crises - ...
A group of aggrieved home buyers  of the scam-hit realty developer HDIL have written to Prime  Minister Narendra Modi seeking his ...
Joy Thomas was arrested by the Mumbai wing of the Economic Offences Wing after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) took charge of the ...
The RBI is reviewing the existing regulatory framework for cooperative banks and will discuss the matter with the government, Das ...
They were arrested by the special investigation team (SIT) of the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of Mumbai Police on Thursday and ...
'Measures are expected to boost MFI lendings to the bottom of the economic pyramid'
Das explained placing a lender under PCA framework is normal with lot of precedents
The income and loan limits to classify an exposure as an eligible asset were last revised in 2015
The six-member Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) cut the repo rate by 25 basis points to 5.15 per cent
As lenders stop new credit, builders are forced to offload properties
The bank, which is known for high growth, is consolidating and taking a measured growth approach, Gill added.
The idea behind the mela is that it will revive demand in a sluggish economy
Although letters of loan sanctions were handed out to customers at the mela, most of these were already under process for some ...
Ravneet Gill, CEO of YES Bank, said the drop in share prices wasn't a reflection of the bank's performance
ED registers money laundering case in PMC Bank loan fraud
Indian companies cannot set up their subsidiaries through their foreign wholly-owned subsidiaries or joint ventures
The Reserve Bank on Thursday  enhanced the withdrawal limits for depositors of the scam-hit  Punjab & Maharashtra Cooperative ...
The S&P BSE Sensex Index posted its third day of losses on Tuesday, ending a surge since the Sept 20 announcement of the tax cuts
Weak governance, poor internal controls, political interference and dual regulation by state governments and the Reserve Bank of ...
The R Gandhi (former deputy governor of the RBI) Committee's report on UCBs (2015) was prescient, in particular, for the need to ...
Customer service and long-term association spanning generations are also other reasons for the popularity
Three UCBs, which reported their FY19 financials, have an average GNPA average ratio of 5.6 per cent last fiscal, down from a ...
Coming years will see the sector go through a sea change
Dollar bonds of Yes Bank Ltd., which has sizable exposure to the cash-strapped shadow lenders, slumped a record 5.5 cents to 80.9 ...
The resignation has come days after RBI initiated prompt corrective action against the private sector lender on September 28
The lender says its financial and operating metrics are intrinsically sound and stable, with liquidity position well in excess of ...
SBI is the lead banker in 48 districts across the country.
Likewise, BoB is the lead banker in 17 out of 250 districts in the ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India has written to the Vigilance Department of the RBI and the Commissioner of ...
The suspended managing director of Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) Bank, Joy Thomas, has blamed the auditors for the ...
The merger is scheduled to come into force from April 1 next year
According to the rating note, these NCDs are Zero Coupon Bonds set for maturity on April 19, 2021.
The ministry will study the books of account, related-party transactions and filings of the company
Depositors have also planned silent marches across Mumbai today
Kapoor has pledged shares of Yes Bank to RNAM, the asset manager of Reliance Mutual Fund, as collateral
DHFL said it has no exposure to HDIL and PMC, and cautioned against misleading reports that can trigger panic
Smaller banks with lower capital under scanner, they say
The firm is targeting an issue size of Rs 1,500-2,000 crore and may file its offer document with markets regulator Securities and ...
The RBI statement came on a day when the Nifty Bank index tanked by 1.30 per cent in intra-day trade amid a barrage of negative ...
Both parties say they are settling dispute; NCLT dismisses application, permits lender to approach it later
BoB to focus heavily on women SHGs, looks to expand small loans, micro finance portfolio
Lender inserts ads in several newspapers, issues public notice to explain its point on the FIR that was filed against it based on ...
The move comes a day after the public sector lender received capital infusion of Rs 7,000 crore from the Centre
Debt-laden housing financier DHFL on Tuesday said it has no exposure to HDIL and Punjab & Maharashtra Co-operative Bank, and ...
The Governor has already hinted that the benign inflation provides room for further monetary policy easing while space for fiscal ...
India's banks are rapidly losing faith in the shadow financiers that lend to property builders
Police to set up SIT team, hire forensic auditor
Frenetic large cash withdrawals  by a few large depositors of the now crippled Punjab &  Maharashtra Cooperative in the third ...
Banks in India risk seeing their capital severely depleted if there is a rise in corporate defaults, warned global rating agency ...
According to a report, YES Bank had an exposure of Rs 3,700 crore to DHFL - which has also defaulted on its loans
Fear delay in execution of resolution plans during transition will lead to fresh provisioning
The bank also listed out targets for merchant acquisitions and said it is aiming for a 5 percentage points reduction in its ...
Given the extent of current nervousness in the financial system, it would be a bad idea to let this problem linger for even six ...
HDFC Capital Advisors guides HDFC Capital Affordable Real Estate Fund 1 (H-CARE 1) and H-CARE 2, in which ADIA is an anchor ...
Current RBI thinking is not to align pvt bank CEOs' age limit with Companies Act at 75 years
The bank misled auditors of the RBI by replacing legacy accounts of the company with dummy accounts, dating back to 2008
Central bank had flagged large-scale non-performing advances, but didn't have adequate evidence till September 19
The FIRs will be filed at the Economic Offence Wing (EOW) of the Mumbai police
PMC was placed under an administrator by the RBI on September 24 and suspended its management led by managing director Joy Thomas
The admission came in after a board member leaked the actual balancesheet details to the Reserve Bank, a source in know of the ...
The resolution to raise funds by issuance of securities was approved by shareholders in the annual general meeting held on ...
The bank said PCA would not have any adverse impact on its daily operations
Joy Thomas to be charged with misrepresenting the bank's books and hiding bad debts of HDIL
The framework is proposing that system liquidity should ideally be kept in deficit mode of 0.25-0.50 per cent of the deposit base
Waryam Singh held 1.91% stake in HDIL till 2017
The amount is the maximum one can withdraw in six months, and includes the Rs 1,000 withdrawal allowed earlier
Sources said the regulators would identify the companies that would come under the new mechanism and require a lifeline
The RBI had set up the internal working group to review the current liquidity management framework with a view to simplify it and ...
RBI said the relaxation has been granted with a view to reducing the hardship of depositors
The RBI has said the depositors of the PMC bank would not be allowed to withdraw more than Rs 1,000 from a savings account, ...
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman is expected to hold a press conference at around 7 pm today
In an attempt to allay fears of depositors and customers of Punjab & Maharashtra Cooperative Bank (PMC), its suspended managing ...
The QIP issuance was done at a price of Rs 629 per equity share at a tight discount of 1.44% over the closing price of the issue ...
The lender has got approval from its board to increase its authorised capital from Rs 800 crore to Rs 1,100 crore
As for how long before depositors can withdraw their money from the bank, Bhoria said was left to the RBI to decide
SBI also said that a 5 bps concession will be given to women borrowers under each category of loans.
This is the second time in less than two years that policy makers have had to publicly come out in support of banks
The sudden move caused PMC Bank depositors to panic and led to protests and long queues outside the bank's branches
Usha Thorat says it's absolutely essential for financial stability that bank spreads are not under threat
The merger marks the end of a bank in which two states with contrasting identities - Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal - took equal ...
Both non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) and housing finance companies (HFCs) are shying away on such loans to micro, small ...
The flurry of state-run bank mergers will see an era come to an end
Banks in India are not wholesale-funded entities as in developed markets, but deposit-taking. Only a percentage of their books is ...
Icra said material incremental NPA generation for fiscal 2020 and 2021 may come from the agriculture and MSME sectors
Supersedes board, appoints admin; exposure to HDIL bone of contention
AIBOA, the Indian National Bank Officers' Congress and the National Organisation of Bank Officers had called for a two-day strike ...
The loans, which would essentially be for priority sector, would be on a fully-automated platform
Also, link pricing credit to Medium units to the repo rate
Acharya highlighted the dichotomy of India's massive economy -- Asia's third-largest -- but one where living standards are still ...
The bank has also extended the external benchmark-based lending to medium enterprises, to boost lending to the MSME sector as a ...
The loan camps are being held later than the scheduled date of September 24-29 as lenders will be involved in finalising their ...
Once the present hurdles relating to the integration of technology with the non-banking finance companies are removed, the model ...
These grameen loan melas will be held across more than 300 districts and cover around 6,000 villages across India
The NHB has robust asset quality and healthy capitalisation
Prospectus and other necessary documents likely to be filed with Sebi by next April, firm has till April 2021 to get listed
The financial compensation should be done suo motu by the bank, without waiting for a complaint or a claim by a customer, the RBI ...
Against bank credit of Rs 98 trn at present, desired level should be Rs 400 trn, says Dinesh Kumar Khara; As per RBI data, Bank ...
The critical issue is to ensure that the process of transition following the merger should be in the most non- disruptive manner, ...
Das' comment on non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) comes at a time when banks are grappling with the resolution of stressed ...
This will help the IL&FS board in its stated objective of asset monetisation
Lenders await RBI norms on holdco structure; guidelines are likely to be finalised by year end
State-owned lenders will hold meetings with Non-Banking Financing Companies--or shadow banks--and new retail customers in 200 ...
The premium that top-rated non-bank lenders pay over sovereign debt to borrow fell to the lowest in a year last week
The RBI is of the opinion that banks already have enough flexibility to introduce a repo-linked loan product
Unlike banks, HFCs and NBFCs do not have any 'anchor rate' or a uniform interest rate-determining structure
This development will instill a sense of protection among bankers from prosecution for genuine decisions, and promote lending
NCDs are loan-linked bonds that cannot be converted into stocks and usually offer higher interest rates than convertible ...
Indian Bank to be anchor in the merger, which will create country's seventh largest lender
The mergers have created a problem as many of these banks are promoters of insurance companies
Finance ministry is working out mechanism to release the money, stuck after it sanctioned the amount to other ministries & ...
At more than $200 billion, India's world-beating pile of bad loans is bigger than Italy's
Among other committees formed by banks to implement the merger is a committee on branding, which will look into the issue of logo ...
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had on August 30 announced the consolidation of 10 state-run banks into four large-scale ...
According to reports, a leading private sector bank allegedly moved in to secure its exposure by "netting-off" money from a fixed ...
A prolonged shadow-banking crisis and hurdles in bankruptcy rules have left India holding the world's worst bad-debt pile
Deal could be valued at Rs 700 cr; Analysts say this could be seen as a direct impact of the recently-announced mega-mergers of ...
Borrowings by NBFCs up 21% CAGR in last 5 years
Rajnish Kumar said the central bank's recent guidelines on floating rate products for the retail segment has necessitated the ...
Investor interest for its cards business is very high, and SBI Card listing will happen in the March quarter
RBI has stated that the key criteria for licences will be the entity's ability to serve smaller customers
The pain is clear in both funding costs and share prices: a handful of shadow banks have lost between 40 per cent and 90 per cent ...
Shareholders say negative messages being circulated by short-sellers
Releasing the draft guidelines for 'on tap' licensing of SFBs in the private sector, the RBI said existingNBFCs, micro finance ...
The spread of unconventional monetary policies threatens to set off dangerous and unpredictable feedback loops
Under the new structure, SBI has divided the principle amount of the loan by the tenur
The default by DHFL is towards principal and interest on non-convertible debentures worth Rs 350 crore issued by it, DHFL said in ...
RBI had earlier this month made it mandatory for banks to link all their fresh retail loans to an external benchmark, effective ...
The RBI on Thursday increased loan exposure limit of banks to a single NBFC (excluding gold loan companies) from 15 per cent to ...
In the year-ago fortnight, advances were at Rs 87.80 trillion while deposits stood at Rs 116.46 trillion
Currently, the risk weight requirement for such loans is 125 per cent
The government has identified four state-run banks- Punjab National Bank, Canara Bank, Union Bank of India and Allahabad Bank for ...
Amount outstanding is up by over a tenth in a quarter
The announcement of a new stimulus package is a remarkable turn of events, just nine months after the ECB signaled it was done ...
The ECB cut its deposit rate to a record low -0.5% from -0.4%
Dena Bank and Vijaya Bank got amalgamated with Bank of Baroda from this April
Infosys Finacle provides banking solutions various banks across 100 countries and cater to more than 1.3 billion accounts
Unsecured loans can only offer banks a temporary shelter during a downturn in collateralised credit
The domestic 10-year bond closed at 6.68%, from its Monday's close of 6.58%
Estimated working capital needs of the units rises 20% this season, state govt to stand guarantor for loans
For now, this service is only available to Bank of India customers and at some ATMs
While liquidity played a role, banks' reluctance to lend due to risk aversion and tightened group borrower exposure limits are ...
Data also shows the spread and intensity of digital payments does not always increase in tandem with a country's GDP
Raising equity is more about when now; not why do so
The bankrupt Infrastructure  Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS) Tuesday has received 14  binding financial bids worth around Rs ...
In addition to the tech investor, smaller investors could pump in about $200 million to $250 million, Gill said
In the past 10 years, Aptus has built a franchise in affordable housing finance with a loan book of over Rs 2,650 crore, which ...
Bank official hints at another round of rate cuts following low credit offtake
State Bank of India reduced interest rates on time deposits across all maturities
The appellate tribunal for PML held that though banks had not reported the matter to the authorities
BOB is amongst the better capitalised PSBs, with a common equity tier I capital of 8.49% in 1QFY20
Banks to take cue from merger of BoB, Vijaya Bank, and Dena Bank
The govt's silence on the road map to change the governance structure of state-run banks make experts wary of the road ahead
As many as 1,197 cases of cheating involving Rs 12,012.77 crore were detected in SBI in the first quarter, according to the RTI ...
The sale is on 100 per cent cash basis, PNB said in an advertisement
Data shows that the bank started seeking LoC from the Bureau of Immigration from April this year
The consolidation will help create strong and globally competitive banks with economies of scale, he said
The failure to slash stressed assets is undermining India's efforts to revive economic growth that has cooled to a six-year low
Full details of the entire flow of funds to and from all the accounts that were active even for a single day in the year 2018 ...
Govt's focus on technological compatibility over cultural is set to make the largest rewrite of the banking history a complex job
The decision was taken in a meeting of 10 PSBs, who are part of the latest merger process, with finance ministry officials in ...
Private sector bankers have earlier warned that repo is inherently a volatile rate, but linking the lending rates to the ...
There are 238 digital payment apps to choose from if you still haven't downloaded one for your smartphone
The government on Friday announced infusion of Rs 16,000 crore in PNB for a smooth and seamless amalgamation
US-based private equity firm Advent International will put in Rs 1,000 crore via its affiliate Jomei Investment Limited
Banks are also weighing the option of hiring experts for help in specialised areas
Move to cover fresh retail, MSME loans from Oct 1; home, auto loans to get cheaper
In India, there is a well established secondary market for stressed loans
The affirmations reflect Moody's expectation that the acquiring banks will receive sufficient capital injections
The apex bank also said that the interest rate under external benchmark, like repo, should be reset at least once in 3 months
It also affirmed the local and foreign currency deposit ratings of Canara Bank, OBC, Syndicate Bank and Union Bank at Baa3/P-3
With this cut, which comes amid repeated RBI nudges to slash rates, the total quantum of rate reduction by the bank since April ...
The lender pays Rs 51.6 lakh as settlement charges under so-called consent mechanism; its compliance officer pays another Rs ...
By the end of 2019, govt could be forced to raise the fiscal deficit target to 3.5% of GDP from the current target of 3.3% as ...
The board will also consider amalgamation of Syndicate Bank with Canara Bank
The cash squeeze threatens a broader fallout, as the higher cost of funds is passed on to merchants getting micro loans and ...
While the market is looking at near-term implications of the merger like the pace of lending activity, banks are more concerned ...
There should be a central loan contract registry, the task force suggested
This is the first time the government has decided to pump money in IDBI Bank after LIC acquired a majority stake of 51 per cent ...
Bank unions - officers and workmen - had buried their differences and sat across the table on August 29 to work out a fresh deal ...
The six-member task force, headed by Canara Bank chairman TN Manoharan, was formed to examine the scope for developing a ...
Fear of credit growth, particularly for larger banks, spooked PSB stocks on Tuesday
The private sector lender to lean on two segments of the business, namely consumer loans and mortgages
Last Friday, the government had unveiled a mega plan to merge as many as 10 public sector banks into four to help create stronger ...
The merger of Indian Bank and Allahabad Bank will create a robust entity with a pan-India presence, she said
In a Q&A, the bank's chief also dwells the strategies to trim down the lender's non-performing assets
With the share of cash deals rising, discounts could remain high.
To make way for newer acquisitions and attract new and repeat ...
Futures contracts on India's Nifty 50 Index dropped 1% in Singapore on Monday
The idea to create the exchange is the brainchild of three public sector banks - Bank of India, Bank of Baroda and Allahabad Bank
The cost per employee is the highest in large public sector banks
Punjab is an important area of operation for the bank, says S Harisankar
RBI's Annual Report for FY19 says the number frauds went up by 15% to 6,801 cases
The report said the Department of Financial Services should work with PSU banks to bring in more efficiency to their work and ...
Besides recent corporate slippages, slowdown would impact unsecured retail loans, farm and micro finance loans, commercial real ...
Lenders to be merged into a single entity to also hold separate meetings to chalk out roadmap; April 1 seen as pragmatic deadline ...
Real GDP slowed to 5% year-on-year in 2Q (first quarter of FY20) from the first quarter's 5.8%, below DBS' sub-consensus and ...
Under the new regime, home loans can be had at 8.2% a year, while four-wheeler loans will carry 8.85%, which the lender says is ...
While disposing of the petition, the bench observed, that the case involves huge money and investigation cannot be stopped
Whether folding one weak bank into another will make the combined entity any stronger remains to be seen
Unlike private banks, most PSBs, analysts say, do not have clear specialisations and end up competing against each other
Any more debt repayment delays or defaults risk reversing an expected recovery in India's gross bad loan ratio and worsen a ...
Including consultancy companies, around Rs 5,000 crore of business could be generated
The possibility is that high calibre chief risk officers in the PSBs already earn Rs 1 crore to Rs 2 crore, whereas even SBI ...
Nirmala Sitharaman was replying to a question on the bank employees unions opposing the merger plan on the ground it would lead ...
The consolidation will help create strong and globally competitive banks with economies of scale and enable realisation of ...
PNB will take over OBC and UBI to become the country's second-largest lender after SBI in terms of business
Corporation Bank also announced launch of home loans linked with external benchmark
Kant was appointed as the managing director and chief financial officer of the World Bank
AIBEA general secretary  C H Venkatachalam alleged the merger of public sector banks would mean closure of six banks
"India Ratings and Research has downgraded Yes Bank Ltd's long-term issuer rating to 'IND A+' from 'IND AA-," the bank said in a ...
Branch closure would mean more customers going to fewer branches.
Banking services would be impacted, as the customer population ...
The government on Friday unveiled a mega plan to merge 10 public sector banks into four as part of plans to create fewer and ...
However, benefits from these measure, being structural in nature, will accrue in the long term, they said.
Our capital to risk (weighted) assets ratio, or CRAR, is good, says Andhra Bank MD
There were discussions in general since a few months, said Syndicate Bank MD Mrutyunjay Mohapatra
Often the resolution process gets stuck with many smaller players not agreeing with the majority view
It was mainly based on system integration that the government took a call for amalgamation, said Narayanan
If you book a new fixed deposit or take a fresh loan, the rate will be decided by the merged entity
Number of branches, HR policies are other issues in bank mergers; bandwidth of managements will be tested
10 banks to be merged into 4; Indian Bank & Allahabad to be one
While announcing the merger, finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman said plans is to create fewer but stronger global- sized banks ...
Claims he resigned for personal reasons, adds that a new person at the helm may succeed where he failed
To comply with Basel-III capital regulations, banks need to improve and strengthen their capital planning processes
Investors need to understand the share swap ratio and the other details of the proposed merger, analysts caution
The exercise, seen together with the previous two rounds of bank consolidation, will bring down the number of nationalised public ...
After today's mergers, the count of government-owned banks will come down to 12 from 27 in 2017
DHFL and other shadow banking firms have been stung by a liquidity crunch following last year's collapse of IL&FS
News of the mergers comes minutes before official data is expected to confirm a fifth-straight quarter of slowing economic growth
The products -- Suvidha Plus Home Loan and Suvidha Plus Auto Loan -- will be benchmarked to the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) ...
Most of the banks are planning to go for a qualified institutional placement to reduce the stake, and LIC would be a major ...
Finance ministry has called a meeting with chief executives of ten public sector banks on Friday
Commercial credit flows from NBFCs stood at Rs 9.34 trillion in FY19, down from a high of Rs 11.60 trillion in the previous ...
Valuation method change, provision write-back play key roles to boost dividend
The data was released by the Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), the representative body of microfinance institutions
The govt has unveiled steps ranging from concessions on vehicle purchases to hastening of capital infusion in state-run banks to ...
There were also suggestions to have an agriculture credit guarantee scheme, and a stronger institutional network to prevent ...
Moody's said it could change the rating outlook to stable if the private lender adequately provides for its bad assets
Fall in share price will challenge the bank's ability to raise sufficient capital to maintain the rating at its previous level, ...
The association's chief says RBI is now maintain the reserve at the lower band of 5.5% instead of at the higher band of 6.5%, ...
The central board of the RBI, which met on Monday, has accepted this recommendation, according to an official
LIC has an exposure of Rs 1,570 crore which have been downgraded to junk category
HDB Finance, an NBFC in the retail financing space, has seen its overall loan portfolio grow by 22 per cent to Rs 56,287 crore as ...
The RBI's transfers would effectively add Rs 58,000 crore to the Centre's kitty in the current fiscal year
Increased pledging is often seen as a sign of liquidity issues with promoter groups
What is the fuss all about in the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) fund transfer to the government?
Business Standard explains
This comes at a time when the economic growth rate has slumped to a five-year low after accelerating in the first few years of ...
The central bank is coming to its rescue, and without running any immediate risk of exposure to its own credibility
The growth and profitability of finance companies (fincos) are also likely to remain under pressure, S&P said
The RBI, which currently follows July-June calendar, usually transfers dividend after closing its accounts in August
Subhash Chandra Garg was expecting around Rs 1.5 trillion from the RBI
Current situation may not allow banks to significantly tinker with deposit rates making it tough to fully pass on the fall in ...
This follows the RBI board accepting the recommendation of a high-level panel headed by its former Governor Bimal Jalan on ...
The bank is in discussions will NBFCs/HFCs such as PNB Housing Finance, Indiabulls Consumer Finance, IIFFL, Annapoorna MFI among ...
Bank chief sees rising price of precious metal helping gold loan segment, but is cautious about volatility and possible softening ...
Jalan committee has recommended transferring the RBI's surplus reserves to the government in a staggered manner over three-five ...
A significant portion of the capital provided would be tied up in boosting core capital and provisioning against bad debts which ...
Through linking of repo rate to retail loans, the bank is passing interest rate benefits directly to the customers and it will ...
The panel in its previous avatar called the Advisory Board on Bank, Commercial and Financial Frauds
The largest private sector lender said the quality of its credit card portfolio is not yet affected by the broader economic ...
The RBI chief said the slight slowdown in the last quarter was a temporary one and the economy is likely to end the fiscal with ...
In order to improve access to long-term finance, the government would be setting up an organisation to provide credit enhancement ...
The capital infusion, ahead of the festive season, will boost banks' lending capacity by an additional Rs 5 trillion
The move is expected to generate an additional lending and liquidity in the financial system to the tune of Rs 5 lakh crore, she ...
CEO Jayakumar said the bonds were likely to be floated by August-end or the first week of September to raise tier II/tier I ...
In view of the falling interest rate scenario and surplus liquidity, SBI realigns its interest rate on Term Deposits with effect ...
Lately, India's banking system has been beset by a bad debt crisis, which is crimping credit to productive sectors, dampening ...
RBI has also tightened regulations this year by putting in place rules requiring shadow lenders to appoint a chief risk officer ...
What is telling is that large swings in the Indian business cycle are still not a thing of the past, despite the adoption of ...
The key reason behind UBFA's revised demand from the 15 per cent earlier is that the gap between what bank employees earn when ...
RBI has permitted processing of e-mandate on credit and debit cards, besides prepaid payment instruments, including wallets like ...
The bank has no plans to discontinue debit cards but increased use of the digital platform will itself reduce the requirement of ...
The move is a follow-up to instances of illicit deposits - after demonetisaton - in bank accounts opened under the Pradhan Mantri ...
The new circular also provides for 75% consent by value for a resolution plan to be passed
Indian banks trail their global peers in three areas: Absence of personalised marketing messages, lack of straight-through ...
If the private sector banks don't play ball, there is very little public sector banks can do to make the product a success
Regulatory changes provide lenders clearer picture of which trades are prohibited, but critics say they could again endanger the ...
NCLT directed the IL&FS counsel to file a written submission on Wednesday
Reserve Bank of India Governor Shaktikanta Das has stressed the need for the entire banking system to link their loans and ...
Currently, the portal gives in-principle approval for loans of up to Rs 1 crore to micro, small and medium enterprises in just 59 ...
As per the Banks Board Bureau's (BBB) recruitment notice, candidates including from the private sector can apply for the ...
RBI issued the new NPA recognition and resolution guidelines on June 7 after the Supreme Court had in April declared the earlier ...
In FY19, NBFCs had a 30% share in outstanding retail loans, while public sector lenders had a 39% share and private banks had 26%
The comments come at a time when pushing up the sagging economic growth has become the biggest focus for the policymakers
The Centre, not the Finance Commission, is deciding the evaluation of the schemes and the sub-schemes to be pruned
Shaktikanta Das likely to initiate required steps in coming weeks
SBI chairman said through the Yono platform, one can withdraw cash at the automated teller machines or pay for purchases at a ...
The defaults pertain to three cases with regard to interest payment on non-convertible debentures and commercial papers (CPs), ...
Under the companies law, these entities raising money had to create Debenture Redemption Reserve (DRR) and that requirement has ...
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had already held consultations with various stakeholders, including industry, banks, ...
Even as he reiterated the  regulatory resolve to not let any large NBFC fail, Reserve  Bank governor Shaktikanta Das Monday ruled ...
Calling for radical corporate governance reforms at state-run banks, Das said their real test would be their ability to access ...
DHFL owes banks Rs 40,600 crore.
It also has a liability of Rs 45,380 crore
to pay the holders of debentures and bonds
At present, banks do not share with CRAs details of a company's existing and future borrowing
Categorically terming the round of fund infusion as growth capital, Gill believes that it gives the bank some breathing room to ...
To contain high bad loans in the MUDRA scheme, the managers suggested that a national portal be floated to verify the borrower ...
To help the auto sector tide over stress, the country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has extended the credit period ...
As per the BBB's recruitment notice, candidates can apply for the vacancies at PNB and BOI till September 16
The PSB has organised a meeting of all branch heads wherein collective consultative and ideation process was undertaken to align ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) on Saturday said it has lowered its marginal cost of funds based lending rate (MCLR) by up ...
FinMin has asked govt-owned banks to capture 42 questions on credit, non-performing assets, Mudra loans, agriculture
The prosecution complaint was filed in a special court of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, charging former senior ...
With relaxation, one can also deposit with refiners and purity testing centres
It also aims to find out the role of PSBs as active partners in the Indian growth story for the next five years
The bank had posted a loss of Rs 2,409.89 crore in the April-June quarter of 2018-19
Over the last few quarters, due to stress in the corporate loan sector, banks have been trying to focus on retail loans
The issue saw a strong response from foreign as well as from domestic QIBs
In terms of delinquency, banks have the lowest with a 30-plus delinquency at 0.50 per cent across all categories of lenders
Part of the problem is the manner in which eco-system participants on-board and service customers
NBFCs are unlikely to have it easy anytime soon; if anything, the pain is set to get deeper
Banks want to dispose of the assets at a deep discount, but for upfront payments
YES Bank needs funds to meet Basel-III capital requirements norms
Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) report, dated March 22, 2019, found that non-performing assets on IL&FS's books were as high as 70% ...
Another eight business verticals have been identified where the group can do away with redundant roles
The Jalan committee report will not have the views of former finance and economic affairs secretary Subhash Chandra Garg
The bank had given notices to 200 families of Gardenia Gateway by Gardenia Group in Sector 75, Noida, on August 5, as per the ...
Besides, use of ATMs for balance enquiry and fund transfers too should be not part of the free transactions facility given to a ...
MCA names SBI, HDFC Bank, PNB, ICICI Bank among others, says they violated appellate tribunal moratorium
State Bank of India (SBI) on Wednesday said it is planning to dilute stake in its card business through the initial public offer ...
NBFC disbursements have declined steeply as a result, with knock-on effects to other sectors, particularly consumption
57 per cent of banks surveyed said engineering goods has seen a reduction in NPA levels
Moreover, it will also allow the RBI to directly give liquidity support to the stressed HFC sector
If a fintech firm requires interface with a core banking system for example, a real-time and scaleable model of it will be made ...
The government has allowed the NBFCs and HFCs to buy back their assets 'after a specified period of 12 months' as a repurchase ...
After five years of operations as SFBs, RBI norms allow the SFBs to go for reverse merger
A pooled bond structure is backed by a partial guarantee; enhancing the credit rating for the loans and lowering the cost of ...
The overseas sovereign bond issuance, therefore, will lead to 'feedback process' getting further entrenched in the domestic debt ...
With additional challenges such as fresh stress, loan growth, and escalating costs, the sector faces a tough year ahead
Adlakha was earlier senior group president and head of financial management & strategy
Bank of India also cut its MCLR by 25 bps, while Bank of Maharashtra and IDBI Bank had lowered their rate by 10-15 bps on
Few months back, SBI had linked savings account deposits and short-term loans with the repo rate
With this revision, Canara Bank has cumulatively reduced its MCLR by 20 bps during the last six months and thus, one-year MCLR ...
Traditional banks must raise their game to keep customers from fleeing to the likes of TransferWise and Revolut Ltd
Many more banks are expected to follow suit with rate cuts on the back of comfortable liquidity and low bond yields
Nine lenders of the 19 PSBs, including Indian Bank, State Bank, Bank of Baroda and Canara Bank, have reported current value of ...
The rate cut follows an MCLR cut by the country's largest lender SBI post the RBI's decision to reduce the key interest rate by ...
Tata Capital Financial Services, a subsidiary of Tata Capital, said it would hit the market with tranche 2 of its NCD to raise up ...
The bank continues to stay away from large corporate consortium lendings and infrastructure sector advances
In the third bi-monthly monetary policy review, the central bank cut the repo rate for the fourth time in a row to 5.40 percent-- ...
This amount has been recovered from about 12.7 million customers across the country
Deal volumes similar to 2014, half of 2015, and thrice the deal volume in 2016 and 2018
Last month, the banking regulator had scrapped the levy on online transactions such as NEFT to make the transfer of funds cheaper
He said banks have taken this stance despite financial markets, on which they depend for money, moving in tandem with the RBI ...
Proposes Sameer Gehlaut as non-executive chairman and Gagan Banga as MD and CEO of the amalgamated bank
With the new development, the Centre will automatically get the 60% share that the state of Jammu and Kashmir holds, but via the ...
A new mobile-first authentication solution rolled out by the payments major allows such transactions only for deals below Rs
She pointed out that developers have been facing cash crunch following the liquidity crisis in the NBFC sector
The bank had recorded net profits at Rs 209.31 crore during the corresponding quarter the previous year
The non-convertible debentures (NCDs) will offer up to 10.5 per cent yield
The agency also said the bank's counterparty risk assessment of Baa3 and domestic and foreign currency counterparty risk rating ...
SBI said it had appointed consultant Deloitte to find buyers for Videocon's exploration assets in Brazil and Indonesia
Past evidence has proven that transmission works best when there is positive banking system liquidity during rate cuts and tight ...
Lending rates did not move down much after the first two rate cuts of 2019
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) said the RBI has imposed a penalty of Rs 50 lakh on it
The aforesaid penalty is required to be paid within 14 days from the date of receipt of the RBI order
In a separate filing, Bank of Baroda said the RBI has imposed a fine of Rs 50 lakh on it for delay in reporting fraud in an ...
These bills are issued on behalf of the government to meet the short-term cash needs of the centre
Banks fined on July 31 were Allahabad Bank, Bank of Maharashtra, Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Indian Overseas Bank, Union Bank ...
While the revised norms are applicable only to public sector banks, separate guidelines for private banks and non-banking ...
Foreclosure charges are part of the fee income for any lender and adds to its bottom line
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman will meet heads of state-owned and private banks on Monday to discuss the ongoing liquidity ...
The BSBD Account shall be considered a normal banking service available to all, RBI said
RBI is widely expected to go in for a 50 basis points rate cut at its review next week
The CNAPS, launched in 2008 by People's Bank of China provides real-time settlement services for all payments cleared in mainland ...
The windfall treasury profits come as a relief for lenders staring at a potential surge in bad loan provisions due to a slowing ...
Bank credit and deposits rose by  12.01 percent and 10.59 percent to Rs 96.57 lakh crore and Rs  126.491 lakh crore respectively ...
Govt to go ahead with plan following wider consultations: Official
In another notification, the RBI said 'Jana Small Finance Bank Limited' too has been included in the Second Schedule
The position fell vacant after Viral Acharya resigned six months before the scheduled end of his term
For women borrowers, there is an extra 5 bps discount in each category of loans
Companies seek returns of over 20 per cent but RBI has put restrictions on yields and tenure
Experts say the move can raise India's external liability significantly and build up risks
Net interest margin (NIM) stood at 3.40 per cent for the quarter, against 3.46 per cent in the year-ago period
Liquidity in G-Secs is mainly in a few benchmark securities, particularly the 10-year bench­mark
The Budget proposed that businesses with annual turnover of more than Rs 50 crore shall offer low-cost digital modes of payment ...
ECBs with a minimum average maturity period of 10 years can now be used for working capital purposes and general corporate ...
As part of the revised terms, the country's largest bank by assets has decided to halt lending to dealers of Hyundai Motor India ...
A few quarters of pain in sectors that depend upon shadow financing is a small price to pay to produce a sector that winds up ...
The SBI has cut deposit rates by 5-75 basis points across tenures.
Shorter-tenure deposits have seen a higher quantum of cut than ...
This is the maiden fundraising via the ECB route in 2019-20 by PNB Housing Finance.
The company further said that other ECB ...
Having cut rates, they may use this to strategically raise more term-liabilities
RBI rejected suggestions given by RTI activist on operations of NBFCs, like to ban calls luring customers for unsecured loans, ...
The term deposit rates will be 20 basis points lower for retail customers, and 50-75 basis points lower for deposits up to 179 ...
Moody's said it expects growth to be 'weaker' in the next 12-18 months, without quantifying its growth expectation
The Reserve Bank of India's board will meet on August 16 to discuss, among others, the nation's proposed maiden offshore bond ...
The country's largest lender has also cut deposit rates on bulk deposits of Rs 2 crore and above
PNB Housing Finance Managing Director Sanjaya Gupta said this is the first ECB disbursement during the current financial year ...
Plans to resume lending business from monthly EMI collections
ICICI, like its peers, also said India's ongoing economic slowdown weighed on its performance in the quarter
The bank consolidation exercise is going on as the objective is to bring the number of RRBs to 38 from the current 45
The secondary loan market in India is largely restricted to sale to asset reconstruction companies and ad hoc sale to other ...
Saw Rs 120-crore loss in year-ago quarter
On the tepid credit growth, Kumar said he expects some pick up during the second half
The report, however, said NBFCs will benefit more from the Rs 70,000 crore recapitalisation of state-owned banks, which will ...
Acquiring India's largest micro financier gives the bank presence in more than 115,000 villages that will increase its ...
Lender's NPA ratios improve, recoveries surpass slippages during the quarter
The Reserve Bank's next policy review meet is scheduled to be held from August 5th to 7th
Acharya's boss at the central bank, Shaktikanta Das, says a continuous and prolonged dependence on the government's capital ...
The stock fell 3% on Monday; it was the sharpest decline in reaction to the results
At the standalone level, the bank reported a 33 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 1,360 crore from Rs 1,025 crore in the year-ago ...
In Maharashtra, people lost Rs 4.8 crore to  bank fraud, while in Delhi people lost Rs 2.9 crore
Banks, according to the RBI, did not follow adequate credit appraisals, did not ensure the end-use of funds, or monitor the loans
Categories of directors to be streamlined; other regulators' views on candidates to be looked at closer
They are comfortable as their balance sheets are not leveraged and premium growth is robust
A payments bank can take deposits of up to Rs 1 lakh but cannot give loans or issue credit cards
Bandhan Bank's board has approved opening 187 more branches and 340 doorstep service centres this year
Total advances included soft loans under Central, state schemes
Although Bitcoin is a virtual currency, the energy consumption associated with its use is very real
The bids for the offer can be applied for a minimum of 75 shares and its multiples
Indira Gandhi's brilliance as a politician lay in her ability to transform the most sordid political intrigue into high ...
The committee has recommended a periodic review of the RBI's economic capital framework, according to a source
In the same quarter of the last financial year (2018-19 or FY19), the bank's profit was Rs 1,260 crore
Earlier this month, Punjab National Bank (PNB) said it had reported a borrowing fraud of Rs 3805 crore in Bhushan Power's account ...
The surplus capital transfer would help the government meet its fiscal deficit target as it will come as a windfall to the ...
The bank is looking to disburse Rs 500 crore in the next one year through its newly-launched lending program, the Smart Edge for ...
They say it is anti-patriotic as it could create long-term risks for the economy, potentially allowing rich foreign nations and ...
During this period, debt and capital markets underwriting fees stood at $135.1 million, up 98.3 per cent
There are talks about two debt managers- one, internal (the RBI), and a government entity for the external
Move to allow them to source cash directly from Mint Road comes as a big relief
These banks, taking a cue from the recent credit crisis, are reworking their underwriting practices
It earned Rs 3,229.30 crore as interest income in the June quarter of this financial year
The penalty, RBI said, is based on deficiencies in regulatory compliance and is not intended to pronounce upon the validity of ...
The so-called fintech revolution, where outsiders are taking over the traditional activities of established players (like ...
IndusInd Bank has appointed Haribhakti & Co as statutory auditor for FY20, subject to RBI nod
To address the stress in the sector, Finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman in the Budget proposed that public sector banks would ...
The country's largest life insurer LIC, which is the only state-owned life insurance firm, witnessed more than two-fold rise in ...
SBI is the only outlier in this trend, which has moved faster and made more progress than other PSU banks
Currently, it said, the NBFC has a presence across seven states
The bank saw an increase in its bad debt
The liquidity is running at a surplus mode now, with the banking system parking more than Rs 1 trillion with RBI
People in the know said the bank expects the fund raising to support its plan to grow its advances by 20%
Total income during June quarter of 2019-20 rose to 1,829.16 crore from Rs 1,616.44 crore in the year-ago period, the bank said ...
Ahead of this, the SFB will raise Rs 65 crore via increase in promoter shareholding from 27% currently, to 30% by this August
The bank had posted a net profit of Rs 1,035 crore in the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal ended March 2019
The financial institution raises funds through long term bonds - usually of 10-15 years tenures
Here are some instances of government agencies' tussles with the process
Public sector banks are leading the race to raise money through QIPs
Kantar today throws up interesting insights and also reflects the huge gap between reality and perception that exists in the ...
The Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes will replace the Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Ordinance, 2019.
According to the study, private sector lender HDFC Bank and PSU lender State Bank of India top the list of local banks which are ...
It will first conduct such exercise on pilot basis and then scale up to cover 400 entities under its supervisory ambit
Nabard has introduced new features like multiple pricing of bonds, tripartite repos and 15-year tenor debentures
In India, the LEF applies to all banks, apart from the regional rural banks
This is the third rate cut announced by the SBI in the current financial year
Das said the central bank will provide a backup "if individual banks require additional liquidity"
A total of 13 banks had approached the high court claiming that the government had arbitrarily decided on the service tax
Transmission of interest rates, sectoral concerns to figure in talks end-July
The global rating agency's calculation of risk-adjusted capital for most rated Indian PSBs is 5-7 per cent, and this is one of ...
After the customary post-budget meeting with Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, he said the system has sufficient liquidity and ...
The Budget allowed more NBFCs to come to the bill discounting platform TreDs, potentially solving the funding need for MSMEs
The exercise involved an intense effort with most senior managers working without a break between September 2014-February 2015
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank said Saturday it has detected a fraud of more than Rs 3,800 crore by Bhushan Power & ...
Government will encourage PSBs to buy high-rated pooled assets of up to Rs 1 trn of good credit firms
The decision follows concerns that a broader financial crisis may emerge as firms like Dewan Housing Finance Corp. and Anil ...
Srei Infra Finance will remain holding company for lending entity Srei Equipment Finance, which will now only offer fee-based ...
The terms of reference of the working group would be to examine the current regulatory framework for CICs
Lower credit cost, operating leverage and shift in loan mix are key positives
Under this partnership, IndoStar will originate and service the customers through the entire loan life-cycle including sourcing, ...
The government is planning to amend the Banking Regulation  Act to give more teeth to the central bank
Four out of the seven standalone health insurers have seen stake buyouts either by PEs or strategic players in recent months
What's dawning on all concerned is there is simply no way that state-run banks can dole out equal hikes to their staffers as has ...
The apex NBFC body Finance  Industry Development Council (FIDC) Tuesday said they should  be allowed to avail of refinance ...
There has been a spike in loan ticket sizes in the past two years, and a rise in the loan outstandings of borrowers approaching ...
Its total income came in at Rs 6,891 crore in FY19, a 21 per cent increase over Rs 5,716 crore during the year ended March 2018
CFO Vipul Agarwal will be interim COO
Private capital firms like AION Capital, joint venture between ICICI Venture and Apollo Capital Management, and Lone Star are ...
The Mumbai-based lender's board approved a sale of the Basel III-compliant debt instrument in the year to March 31
The agency has appointed chief financial officer Vipul Agarwal as the interim chief operating officer who will be reporting to ...
Lender is seeking a fresh valuation of the company after it posted positive results in Q4FY19
Annual growth in AUM pegged at 12-14% in FY20 and FY21, from about 15% seen earlier; growth in first half of FY19 was 21%
The government does not have any plans to infuse funds in privately-held shadow banks, FM Sitharaman said
His existing tenure was to end Wednesday, July 3.
Sekar was on Special Duty and has been a whole-time director of the Bank since April 2019
The one-year MCLR, to which a majority of loans like residential mortgages and auto loans are tied, now stands at 8.65%
Singh also said there is a clear directive of RBI to appoint recovery agents only after proper police verification and fulfilling ...
Workmen and officer unions likely to hammer out separate deals
Currently, the RBI 'levies minimum charges' on banks for transactions routed through its RTGS and NEFT system
At present, microfinance is 86% of Bandhan Bank's book
The shift towards digitisation has also led to the growing importance of digital officer
A source said the auditor has raised additional queries on the firm's accounts
Several of its investments are in Mumbai property market; fund is currently valued below its NAV
The gross NPAs of Bandhan Bank at the end of Q4FY19 for the bank stood at 2.04%, against 1.25% in the same quarter a year ago
RBI sets the average base rate for NBFC-MFIs on the basis of average of base rate of the five largest commercial banks
The central bank has already slashed the repo rate by 75 bps since December 2018 when Shaktikanta Das took over reigns from Urjit ...
The report also pointed out that the nature of recent FMP defaults had primarily involved debt obligations backed by pledging of ...
NBFCs are facing the highest delinquency levels in all the sub-segments of consumer loans except for loans against property
Financial stability report says recent NBFC crisis has brought greater discipline to sector
PSBs were found to be severely impacted, with the CAR of 19 of the 21 PSBs likely to go down below 9 per cent in case of such a ...
There are concerns that the high return would hurt the economy by reducing banks' ability to lend at attractive rates
HDFC Bank may hire more firms for the sale later, the people said
Report said public sector banks should see their gross NPAs climb down over 400 bps to close to 10.6 per cent by March 2020
Yogi govt has firmed up bank and institutional loans worth Rs 8,800 cr for the Rs 23,000 cr project
The successful candidate would be the only deputy governor out of four at the Reserve Bank of India who will sit on the ...
Acharya is the third top official to quit RBI before completing their term.
The first was former RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan and ...
Acharya, a New York University economics professor who once called himself the 'poor man's Raghuram Rajan', was appointed as RBI ...
Rating agencies are meant to give comfort about an issuer's ability to repay debt
Acharya, who will return to the New York University's Stern Business School in august instead of in 2020, felt the RBI has made ...
Deputy Governor N Vishwanathan likely to stay back for another term
According to sources, Paytm has registered with the Reserve Bank of India to run a P2P lending platform
Extension of loan tenure, fresh working capital, and induction of new management on agenda
The SBI has served the Singapore retail and corporate sectors as a qualified full bank since 2008
BoB is targetting a post-consolidation market share in education loans of 11%
IBHFL will hold around 90.5% of the post-merger enhanced equity capital of the merged entity
The BOJ is in a bind
Non-food credit increased 11.9% in April from 10.7 percent in April 2018
The ECF panel constituted by the RBI was mandated to submit its report within 90 days of its first meeting, which took place on ...
Refinancing the obligations poses a challenge as investor concerns flare amid mounting problems such as auditors quitting, ...
The on-tap licensing of SFBs comes even as the banking regulator has not officially said it has closed the tap for universal ...
The Central bank would purchase five government bonds under open market operations (OMOs) on June 20
The rating agency has affirmed the bank's overall long-term issuer rating at AA+ and the short-term issuer rating at A1+
Recently, Kolkata-based public sector lender UCO Bank published the name of Yashovardhan Birla along with his photograph, in ...
ICICI Bank is understood to have cut its fixed deposit rates by 0.10-0.25 per cent starting from Monday
Governor Das' stress on communication comes at a time when the RBI prepares to revamp its liquidity management framework
Sector has accounted for a major share of hiring  in recent times
Mishra was principal chief general manager of the bank's risk management department
NBFCs sought exemption from having to deduct tax at source for interest payments
Kapoor's term was curtailed by RBI due to a slew of concerns, including poor governance and loan practices
RBI intends to prescribe stringent rules for liquidity risk management as many NBFCs were hit by a severe asset liability
An important factor that has helped this sector grow is the penetration into the rural markets
In that period, Indian Overseas Bank reported 1,115 frauds involving Rs 12,644.7 crore, while Oriental Bank of Commerce 1040 ...
he one-year MCLR is the benchmark against which most customer loans such as auto, personal and home loans are priced
With lower g-sec bond yields, banks may see Rs 10,500 crore MtM profits
Aditya Puri's salary was 248 times higher than the average employee salary in FY19
They say the move would boost market confidence and help the bank raise tier-I capital
The RBI can "monetise networth as the creator of money" and will not have to resort to selling of G-secs or forex reserves
This payment of Rs 962 crore is inclusive of the Rs 500 crore DHFL received from exiting its entire stake in subsidiary firm ...
As of March 2019, Yes Bank's exposure to Indian housing finance companies and NBFCs was 6.4% of its total exposure
Within days of anti-corruption bureau action against J&K Bank, the Income-Tax Department Tuesday initiated probe into the alleged ...
HFCs have to in keep 13 per cent as liquid assets--instead of 12.5 per cent earlier--with the remaining share of public deposits ...
Banks will also have to provide cheque books and cannot ask them to maintain a minimum balance in lieu of facilities.
The SFIO, in its complaint, has alleged that the auditors were aware that IFIN was lending to defaulting borrowers through group ...
In the last few months, many micro housing companies had already shrunk their lending operations by 40-45% in the absence of ...
The RBI's revised framework brings back the focus on the need for the timely resolution of such assets, says Moody's
According to a company source, the group will repay the dues by Thursday, even as its Managing Director and Chief Executive ...
Switzerland informs India and other countries about suspected illicit wealth parked in its banks, seeking to shed the perception ...
Financial sector governance reforms top RBI agenda
RBI is unlikely to repeat a dollar swap but executives in NBFCs are expecting some kind of help from the central bank
Chanda Kochhar's brother-in-law, Rajiv Kochhar, has also been grilled by the ED multiple times in the case
RBI has relaxed the threshold condition for upgrading an account under a resolution plan
The central bank has also said any action by lenders with an intent to conceal the actual status of accounts or evergreen ...
There are about 10 plants totalling 10 Gw, which are incomplete and are highly unlikely to find a buyer
On February 12, 2018, the RBI had issued a circular under which banks were asked to initiate resolution or restructuring of loans ...
Plan has to be implemented within 180 days after that
Historically, there has been no correlation between growth in bank credit to industry and lower benchmark interest rate
t was the third consecutive repo rate cut by RBI, with cumulative reduction of 75 basis points in 2019, so far
The one-year MCLR is the benchmark against which most customer loans such as auto, personal and home loans are priced.
Lenders will have to submit weekly report of instances of default by all borrowers with aggregate exposure of Rs 5 crore and
The latest casualty is Dewan Housing Finance Corp, which missed payments due June 4 and had its short-term credit rating cut to ...
Shaktikanta Das told a press conference that the central bank is closely monitoring the NBFC sector
Due process not followed, ABG group used the money to repay old credit
State Bank of India's cash credit and overdraft rates will become cheaper by 25 bps from next month
Absence of concrete measures by the RBI to support the NBFC sector disappointed investors
The country's largest lender SBI too said it has been closely monitoring its exposure to the NBFC sector for the past 10 months ...
AMCs announce 'side pocketing' for schemes with DHFL exposure
Nomura analysts said the Reserve Bank of India and the government would need to segregate the potential solvency issue at DHFL ...
CLSA feels asset sales will be key to prevent defaults by DHFL, as expected repayments over the next two months are higher at Rs ...
Earlier, it had issued an exposure draft on May 20, proposing a hike in motor third party insurance premiums and had invited ...
A strong brand in tier-II and lower cities, DHFL was an AAA-rated company till February 3, when it was downgraded to AA+ by CARE ...
In its first charge sheet filed against the group, the SFIO found gross violations by the company while doing credit appraisal ...
CRISIL and Icra assigned 'D' rating to DHFL's commercial papers, anticipating a default, while CARE Ratings marked D, or default, ...
While domestic banks account for a significant portion of such credit, its distribution is significantly skewed
The latest available RBI consolidated data tells us that in FY18, these banks reported positive earnings before provisions and ...
Kolkata-based lender Allahabad Bank had posted a loss of Rs 8,334 crore last fiscal
The rating action comes amid the challenges the bank faces in its operating environment, Fitch Ratings said in a statement
Axis Trustee will provide facility agency services to IFSC banking units for their ECB transactions and trusteeship services to ...
These companies are seeking a level-playing field where all lenders in the segment come under a common code, namely the Code for ...
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) sees immense opportunities to finance projects through green bonds in India ...
Central bank's move may make lending to NBFCs relatively streamlined
The modified 'Large Exposures Framework' (LEF) provides exclusion of entities connected with the sovereign from definition of ...
Liquidity improved, despite a challenging scenario, due to better portfolio quality.
Barring few pockets where recovery was ...
A total of 5,916 such cases were reported by banks in 2017-18 involving Rs 41,167.03 crore
Of the total external commercial borrowings (ECBs) in April 2019, $2.66 billion was raised through the automatic route, $500 ...
Slower economic growth putting pressure on RBI to ease policy
RBI will undertake a centralised mass media campaign during the month of June on Doordarshan and All India Radio to disseminate ...
Credit card loans rose by 26.4% in April 2019, down from 35.2% in same month in 2018
Fitch lowered the operating environment assessment to "BB+" from "BBB", based on the review of performance in past three years
Rate cuts are very much likely, given there are emerging concerns on growth and projected inflation is fairly within the comfort ...
In 2018-19, Exim Bank raised foreign exchange aggregating Rs 8,530 crore through a variety of instruments
The central government has to consult the RBI before formulating a plan for PSB merger
The provisions for NPAs stood at Rs 7,233 crore in Q4FY19 as against Rs 10,773 crore for Q4FY18
Chairman Rajnish Kumar calls for government help for weak shadow banks
Recently, the liquidity-starved DHFL had said it won't allow premature withdrawals of its deposits
The new age companies use different tenets of digital technologies to keep them agile and keep the business model transparent to ...
The RBI specifies Know Your Customer (KYC) norms to be followed by banks and other entities regulated by it for various customer ...
In 2018-19, PNB's recovery more than doubled to Rs 20,000 crore from Rs 9,666 crore in 2017-18
This is the company's first US dollar-syndicated deal since January 2019, when the Reserve Bank of India permitted NBFCs to tap ...
Regulator says any such move could be seen as easing licensing terms for these banks
The minimum amount to be remitted through RTGS is Rs 2 lakh with no upper or maximum ceiling
The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPA) declined to 15.50% by March 2019, compared to 18.38% by end of December 2018
Instead of providing a much-expected liquidity window to non-bank finance companies via the regular lenders, the central bank ...
Pressure on NBFC sector to have stable funding base a major reason
In the next 100 days, during which falls the Union Budget in July, the government will be busy with pending issues
The matter is being discussed and it has been taken up in some of the pre-Budget consultation meetings
Borrowing cost could increase lower investment spread
Bullish about the success of its 'Digital India' initiative, the government has already charted its Vision 2022 master plan
Under this initiative, customers can interact with the staff to discuss concerns and share feedback
The decision was taken considering the evolving liquidity conditions
All NBFCs must have contingency funding plans for responding to severe disruptions
Public sector banks (PSBs) have recovered close to Rs 1.2 lakh crore from stressed assets during the financial ended March, ...
The bank came out of the Reserve Bank of India's Prompt Corrective Action regime in the fourth quarter ended March 2019
HDFC Bank added more than four times the number of branches in FY19 compared to the previous year
The provisions for NPAs for the fourth quarter was at Rs 5,550 versus Rs 3,416 crore in the previous quarter
The report comes against the backdrop of the Reserve Bank of India's decision to create a specialised cadre to supervise and ...
Ever since the IL&FS crisis erupted, banks have been averse to lending to the sector, which has put them in a tight spot
Three-month rolling average shows April fund-raising through the route is higher than last year
On Friday, the company's credit ranking was downgraded by Brickwork Ratings to 'BBB-Plus'
The govt has been trying to merge smaller regional state-run banks with better managed larger government-owned lenders as one way ...
Says slippages will not be more than Rs 1,000 cr each quarter in FY20 against Rs 2,000 cr each quarter in FY19
NBFCs will be able to borrow, based on their retail, agriculture, and other such assets
With the first ever three-way merger, BoB has now become the second-largest public sector lender after State Bank of India
The bank, however has reported reduction in non-performing assets (NPAs).
Earlier this week, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) appointed former Deputy Governor R Gandhi as an additional director to the ...
Total income stood at Rs 1,131.44 crore in Q4, up 14.2% over the year-ago period
The bank managed to sell only Rs 1,700 crore of assets to asset reconstruction companies in FY19, about one-tenth of what it ...
CASHe's forte lies in providing short-term, unsecured personal loans
This is the first quarterly earnings announcement by the bank after it came out of the Prompt Corrective Action framework in ...
Muted government spending and high election-linked expenditure have created a cash deficit in India's banking system in the past ...
It is unlikely to find a long list of suitors and any arranged marriage will need to be solemnized by the RBI
Shareholders' nod for raising equity capital will be sought at its annual general meeting on June 28
The number of automated teller machines in the country shrank in the past two years despite an increase in transactions, Reserve ...
The role of auditors, credit rating agencies and some former officials entities are already being looked into by the ministry, ...
India already has the fewest ATMs per 100,000 people among BRICS nations, according to the International Monetary Fund
Existing equity enough to support growth for 3-4 years, says company
Provisions for NPAs stood at Rs 2,602 crore, against Rs 3134 crore in the same period of FY18
Indian Bank plans to recover Rs 3,000 crore in FY20, to rope in strategic partner for NBFC arm
On Monday, the bank posted a net profit of Rs 95.18 crore for Q4 of FY19, against a net loss of Rs 261 crore in the same period ...
Systemic risk for mutual funds as well in case there are large-scale redemptions
The gross NPA of the bank as a percentage of total lending in the last quarter stood at 16.48 per cent in the last quarter, ...
The net interest income of the mortgage lender for the quarter stood at Rs 3,161 crore against Rs 2,650 crore in Q4FY18
Flags concern on dwindling liquidity; stock down 4.6%
Total income of the bank during the January-March quarter rose to Rs 5,711.92 crore from Rs 4,689.12 crore in the same quarter a ...
Most of the loans including housing loans are benchmarked against MCLR for one year
The board has proposed a final dividend of Rs 17.50 per share and the proposed final dividend is in addition to the interim ...
Former ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar Monday appeared before the ED in connection with an alleged bank loan fraud and money ...
Won't let go of quality corporate credit, says Rajnish Kumar
During Q4, the lender clawed back close to Rs 2,000 crore of tax expenses.
The public sector lender posted a loss of Rs 2,195.12 crore during January-March quarter of 2017-18
After the RBI's April Monetary Policy, the MCLR was reduced by 5 bps
The meeting is scheduled for May 15, 2019.
It will consider raising capital for FY20.
The loss is due to increased provisions on NPAs and fraud accounts especially due to back dating of NPAs and one big account ...
NCLTs continue to remain heavily burdened as the number of cases being admitted continues to increase quarter-on-quarter
Loan waivers, income support schemes are 'poor fiscal marksmanship', says RBI in meeting with Finance Commission.
Indian shadow banks now face rising risks that weaker developers may struggle to repay those borrowings, as housing sales have ...
The 21 Offices of Banking Ombudsman (OBO) received 163,590 complaints in FY18, an annual increase of 24.9 per cent
As a clutch of private banks set out to raise capital, the quality of assets and governance will hold the key more than ever ...
The six-member Jalan panel was appointed on December 26, 2018, to review the Economic Capital Framework for the RBI
Stock split is a tool used by corporates to boost liquidity of their shares
At the start of the year, YES Bank was ranked 7th
While the I-T dept's e-filing website showed returns filed in 2018-19 fell to 6.68 cr from 6.74 cr in the previous fiscal, the ...
The Bank is currently exploring stake sales in joint venture and other entities to help it raise over Rs 445 crore
The lender's net profit was Rs 969 crore for the March quarter against Rs 1,020 crore in the year-ago quarter
As much as 80 per cent of global flows of merchandise -- worth about $9 trillion -- is financed by some form of credit, guarantee ...
The HoldCo model will lead to cleaner equity holding structures within banking conglomerates
RTI experts are elated with the apex court's latest order that emphasised on the RBI's statutory duty to uphold the interests of ...
Canara Bank said ratings on its additional Tier-I bonds worth Rs 1,500 crore has been downgraded to 'AA-', with a stable outlook, ...
Provisioning for bad loans during the quarter more than halved to Rs 177.76 crore, as against Rs 371.53 crore in the ...
Similarly, for one-month and three-month tenors the interest rates have been increased to 8.30% and 8.45%, respectively
M S Sahoo also noted that CoCs must provide all relevant information to resolution applicants so that they find interest in the ...
Economic Affairs Secretary Subhash Chandra Garg said there is a rising need for the agency to focus on strengthening human ...
Rating action also factors in further weakening in core equity capital cushions due to voluntary provisions and consequent losses ...
Reserve Bank of India asked last week banks to do about their IL&FS exposure.
As of March, there were 1,143 cases pending at various bankruptcy tribunals, and 32 percent of them are pending for over 270 days
Last year's defaults by IL&FS exposed fault lines among India's shadow lenders, which had grown rapidly to account for a third of ...
Along with housing finance companies, NBFCs account for about 60% of property developers' loans
The IL&FS crisis in September led to panic in markets with liquidity quickly drying up for borrowers, whose business models ...
The housing finance arm of the Punjab National Bank will announce the fourth quarter results on May 9
Net interest income (NII) of the bank rose 45.6 percent to Rs 1,258 crore against Rs 864 crore in the same period last year
Banks have to show how they propose to finance the gap to bring the mismatch within the prescribed limits
In FY17, credit to the industry witnessed de-growth of 1.9%, and on that base, credit grew 0.8% in FY18
The lender is profitable on a full-year basis; provision for stressed loans much lower thann other banks
Total consolidated income rose 27 per cent year-on-year to Rs 13,823 crore
The action is triggered by the increasing share of the corporate loan book in PNBHFL's total loan portfolio and the consequent ...
Fallout will be that some of the smaller audit firms will find it difficult to comply with the new format, and may have to seek ...
Gill said the new leadership is very serious about confirming to the highest standards of governance and also set new industry ...
Alignment of bank directors' age limit with the cap of 75 years prescribed under Companies Act will help them retain board seats
SC reprimanded RBI on Friday for not disclosing information sought under the RTI citing 'fiduciary relationship' with banks
For the full year, the bank's net profit more than halved to Rs 1,709.3 crore from Rs 4,233 crore in 2017-18
The bank has reported a net profit of Rs 1,505 crore for the March quarter of 2018-19
SC holds RBI in contempt of court, but gives it one last chance to withdraw disclosure policy, follow 2015 orders
He explained that markets regulator Sebi has exempted acquisitions under resolution plans from making public offers under the ...
The original February 12, 2018, circular was explicit that resolution plans should be drawn up on unanimous approval by all ...
The lender has focused Strongly on cost reduction, bank rationalisation and NPA recoveries; today, only 5% of its branches are ...
The temple official said the over 2000-year-old Lord Venkateswara temple was growing richer by the year with an annual income of ...
From the start of this fiscal, firms with a working capital limit of Rs 150 crore and above will first have to avail of 40% of it ...
Rating agency ICRA in its outlook for the microfinance sector said that more than 90 per cent of the capital raised in FY2019 was ...
Reach, cost and distribution are three key factors driving corporate entities into the microfinance sector
Chanda Kochhar also has to provide income-tax returns in her individual capacity and of companies if she was a director or held ...
All-India Bank Employees Association praises SBI-led lenders for deft handling of Jet case
Credit bureaus are increasingly focusing on custom data analytics and alternative data partnerships with fintech companies
While coming up with a revised framework for resolution of stressed assets, the regulator should be careful of the potential for ...
The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) was launched on August 28, 2014 with an aim to provide universal access to banking ...
Net interest income for the quarter increased 22.8 per cent to Rs 13,089.5 crore from Rs 10,657.7 crore in the same period of the ...
According to MFIs, one of the factors behind the rise in securitisation deals was State Bank of India's (SBI) decision to buy ...
Currently, branches of commercial banks observe holiday only on second and fourth Saturday of a month apart from Sunday
Currency dealers say the central bank has the scope to do another $5 billion swap, considering that banks have extra dollar ...
The 34 non-life insurers had a gross premium of Rs 1.51 trillion in 2017-18
The net interest margins rose to 4.23% in Q4FY19 from 3.98 per cent in Q4FY18
Shaparia's appointment will be effective from May 2019
The RBI governor advocated a 25 basis points cut, showed minutes of the MPC
At present, borrowing  from the P2P platform by a single entity is also limited to Rs 10 lakh.
Most micro and small enterprises ...
One-year marginal cost of funds-based lending rate (MCLR) has been reduced to 8.80 per cent from 8.85 per cent
Sixty-nine firms of the group have been classified under categories based on their ability to service routine debt obligations
Liquidity has improved, but 20 out of 24 NBFC stocks are staring at an over 5% reduction in 12-month target prices.
Affidavit by IBBI filed in NCLAT shows data of 88 successful CIRP
All major consumer lending products experienced double-digit percentage growth
Das was speaking at the IMF's 'Governor Talks' programme at the International Monetary Fund-World Bank Spring Meetings
Mutual funds and institutional investors are still wary of lending to non-bank financiers, and tighter market liquidity has ...
The BBB has told the government to improve the operative environment and selection process for filing up post of directors on PSB ...
In the year-ago fortnight, deposits were at Rs 114.26 trillion and advances at Rs 86.25 trillion
Bank deposit growth fell to a five-decade low in year to March 2017 as demonetisation bonanza withered
Officials say bad debt recovery process should not be hindered.
Also, growth should be more inclusive
The individuals branching out face huge risks succeeding where financial institutions with deeper pockets stumbled
Murali Ramaswami, executive director at Vijay Bank, will move to Bank of Baroda
The information asymmetry on credit continues to plague banks
One-year MCLR will be 8.50% per annum (pa). The interest rates on all loans linked to MCLR stand reduced by 5 bps from April 10, ...
Indian Overseas Bank is the second state-run lender to reduce MCLR following a second consecutive 25 bps cut in the repo rate by ...
While the pace of growth of retail loans has slowed, the demand for credit products has accelerated due to factors like rising ...
Flush with funds, SBI in October 2018 had tripled its target to buy good quality retail asset portfolio from finance companies to ...
Earnings of Nifty50 firms may grow by 23.6% in March quarter despite 10-quarter low revenue growth
The bank said its board of directors will consider the proposal at its ensuing meeting on April 20
"We expect the bank's internal capital generation to improve gradually as declining credit costs alleviate pressure on its ...
The union further alleged it (the merger) is obviously a short-circuit method by Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd and manage to ...
The management has said the present name had been a locally known one in Kerala and nearby states for around a century, though it ...
There are around 5,000 employees in Lakshmi Vilas Bank.
The merged entity will have 14,302
In a 4:2 majority vote, RBI had cut the repo rate to 6 per cent from 6.25 citing the need to support growth that has lost ...
After the stake sale, BoI will hold 3.91% stake in Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance
Share-swap deal gives 36% premium to the bank's shareholders
One of the biggest reason was that few large mortgage players returned to the market in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 after ...
BOI has a 28.96 per cent stake in the joint venture, while Union Bank of India and Dai-ichi Life owns 25.10 per cent and 45.94 ...
Last month, the Sebi board approved such participation to provide investors an additional tool to hedge against inflation.
The ...
The banking regulator did not consult the government before issuing the circular, which drags a bunch of companies to the IBC, ...
The Supreme Court quashed the RBI circular of last year that pertains to the provisions for referring the defaulter to the NCLT ...
Mallya, who added a portfolio of real estate, yachts, Scotch whisky and Formula 1 racing to his United Breweries Ltd. business ...
Lenders also have the option of restructuring the loans
Analysts at Bank of America Merill Lynch were sanguine on the changes
Kant said such a move ensuring timely repayment and resolution of stressed assets is essential for long-term growth
The Paytm Payments Bank has 4.4 crore savings bank accounts with a deposit of over Rs 400 crore
The petition alleged that Sankaran favoured the group because of his proximity to C Sivasankaran.
RBI was doing good work in tackling bad loans to big business, but judges have decided it went too far.
That's a serious blow
Legal experts pointed out that only one aspect of the RBI's framework - to send all ailing companies to IBC - has been turned
Menon is currently the chairman and managing director of Thomas Cook India
Most of the economists suggested a rate cut of at least 25 bps in the RBI's monetary policy on April 4
The Supreme Court on Tuesday quashed the February 12, 2018 circular, and thereby denied all resolution process arising after it
Banks will continue with their resolution process and take defaulting companies to NCLTs, said bankers
Moody's also said the resolution of stressed loans impacted by the circular will be further delayed
RBI had asked lenders to execute a resolution plan for big stressed accounts by a 180-day deadline, failing which they were to ...
The total auction would be of Rs 17,000 crore in which five bonds of different tenure will be issued
RBI's plan is to allow loss-making banks to go easy on their disclosure.
A division bench of Justice A S Oka and Justice M S Sanklecha was hearing a petition filed by the bank
This comes shortly after the RBI said last month it will conduct a dollar-rupee buy-sell swap auction of $5 billion
This is slated to help the state-run lenders, who are expected to return to the black after four consecutive years of losses
The government in September last year announced the first-ever three-way consolidation of banks in India, with a combined ...
Earlier this week, the government decided to infuse Rs 5,042 crore in BoB to enhance capital base of the lender ahead of the ...
Both VardePartners and General Atlantic Group will buy 1.089 crore shares each at Rs 850 per share in the housing finance company
PNB has entered into an agreement to sell 1,08,91,733 equity shares held in PNB Housing Finance Ltd to Varde Partners at a price ...
Shrinking staff is an annual tradition for the biggest securities firms, which trim personnel in some areas to expand in others ...
In January this year, Bandhan Bank announced its merger with Gruh Finance, which will reduce the promoters' stake to about 61 per ...
The purpose of IPO is to have a diversified shareholding
Bandhan Bank's merger with Gruh Finance would reduce the non-operative promoter Bandhan Financial Holding to 61% from 80%
Last year, Toronto-based Fairfax agreed to invest $168 million for a 51% stake in the Syrian Catholic Bank, the first time the ...
Experts say it is about time RBI lift the ban on such derivatives but there aren't enough natural safeguards if the deals are ...
The government in September last year had announced merger of Vijaya Bank and Dena Bank with Bank of Baroda, aiming to create the ...
The brokerage had earlier expected no change in the policy rate in the April meeting
Sebi, however, directed reduction in non-public shareholding in the lender post capital infusion
In the year-ago fortnight, advances were at Rs 83.46 trillion and deposits at Rs 111.11 trillion
Experts believe the schemes are very much within the definition of 'deposit' but clarity is needed based on intent
RBI said the accused willfully and deliberately gave false information in their compliance report
The idea behind the swaps is to infuse rupee liquidity by buying dollars
RBI has bought 3 trillion rupees of debt this financial year
Earlier this year, the RBI had imposed penalties worth Rs 71 crore on 36 public, private and foreign banks
Farmers are an integral part of India, and 'Baroda Kisan' is a dedicated platform created to ease their requirements, the bank ...
'The meal is ready to be served.
A new investor can demand salt and masala to taste'
The coupon rate of the bonds is fixed at 8.55 per cent with redemption date of March 27, 2029.
What the data indicates is that banks are slowly restoring their confidence on the industry sector
HFCs are expected to report a 13-15 per cent credit growth in FY19, which will inch up to 14-16 per cent in next fiscal year, ...
The concerns have been conveyed to the finance ministry through the Indian Bank's Association earlier this month
In a late night statement, the RBI said the legislative amendments recommended by it are under consideration of the Centre
In February, the government proposed a capital infusion of Rs 4,112 crore in the public sector lender through preferential ...
The two banks cite unfair treatment saying other lenders will get disproportionately higher amounts, object to payout through a ...
The move will also allow states to buy back bonds and issue a new lot with lower coupon
The problems started late last year following shock defaults at shadow lender IL&FS group
Debt concerns have pushed funding costs for non-bank financing companies to multi-year highs in recent weeks
The strategy is offering lenders extra returns
The bank is pinning its hopes on profitability of unit-level branches, reduction in NPA and slippages, improvement in operating ...
BofA is yet to make a final decision on setting up an ARC and may choose not to go ahead with the plan
This is for the first time that the IBA has proposed a performance-linked pay for banks
The Nifty PSU Bank index is flat since the government announced a Rs 2.11-trillion recapitalisation plan in October 2017
In January, the insurance behemoth LIC completed the acquisition of 51 per cent controlling stake in IDBI Bank
India now has three companies in the global top 100 list in terms of market value
Manian is currently working as the president - corporate, investment bank
The government's capital infusion of Rs 1.91 trillion into the PSBs during 2018 and 2019 augurs well with their growth
The bank had recently invited bids for the property, but did not receive any as the reserve price was on a higher side at around ...
Gruh Finance, the affordable housing finance arm of HDFC Ltd, was taken over in January by Kolkata-based Bandhan Bank in a ...
The meeting comes ahead of commencing business as merged entity on April 1
Inclusion in the list gives additional comfort to investors that these banks won't be allowed to fail and therefore, borrowing ...
The three-year swap will take place through an auction on March 26
In the first nine month of FY19, the net losses stood at Rs 42,900 crore and is expected to increase to Rs 65,000 crore during ...
n January, LIC completed the process of picking up a controlling 51 per cent stake in the nearly crippled IDBI Bank
This liquidity will return only in the next financial year as the government starts spending
RBI to hold quarterly meetings from April 1 on NPAs, governance and fraud
The ATM industry has been lobbying for an increase of inter-change by Rs 3 to Rs 18
These banks have witnessed growth in assets under management, deposits, and better return on their equities, besides mitigating ...
The purchase will happen through multi-security auction using the multiple price method.
State-run banks' standard restructured advances fell to Rs 0.34 trillion by Q3FY19
In case of deposits, HDFC and PNB Housing have good chunk of total deposits
Shaktikanta Das has been pragmatic and more accommodative of the financial market's concerns even as he keeps his counsel
The lender said except Mittal Corp and Shree Vaishnav, the auctions are under the Swiss Challenge method and will be conducted on ...
Videocon Industries and its promoter Venugopal Dhoot and P N Dhoot are guarantors to Unity Appliances, as per the public notice ...
The bank will service its savings bank account holders with over Rs 1 lakh of outstanding balance an interest 2.75 per cent lower ...
While the RBI has not mandated banks to switch to external benchmarking, it had proposed that they link all new floating retail ...
The housing market regulator has proposed to raise capital adequacy ratio for HFCs from 12% to 15% by March 2022 and pare their ...
Upgrade reflects improved solvency of the banks, following capital infusion by govt.
Moody's estimates both banks will achieve a ...
LIC acquired 51 per cent controlling stake in IDBI Bank, making the insurer the lender's majority shareholder
Shaktikanta Das, the new RBI governor, has been trying to nudge bankers to lower lending rates, holding meetings with bank chiefs ...
Indian lenders burdened with the world's worst bad-loan ratio are stepping up effort to recover delinquent debt after the Reserve ...
The share of NBFC-MFIs increased from 32% to 37% in the time period
The matter is scheduled to come up for hearing at the Bombay High Court on Tuesday.
The share of the banned notes in the currency in circulation was about 86 per cent, amounting to about Rs 15.41 trillion
The bank and LIC, through its collective network of branches, offices and workforce, have started leveraging their mutual ...
Forms task force for synergy with LIC,  approves insurer as a corporate agent under bancassurance
Tightening the spigot on debt purchases is bad news for a market already jittery about heavy supply of paper from PM Modi's ...
From May 1, the savings bank deposits with balance above Rs 1 lakh will earn an interest of 3.5 per cent, 2.75 per cent lower ...
Khullar, a graduate from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, is a career Citibanker, having worked with the ...
SBI is the first lender to announce a timeline to switch to an external benchmark
The penalties, ranging from Rs 1 crore to Rs 4 crore, were imposed by orders dated January 31, 2019, and February 25, 2019, the ...
The move will to a large extent speed up the monetary transmission process
Reserve Bank Governor Shaktikanta Das Friday said credit rating agencies play a critical role in the stability and efficient ...
The RBI also permitted WLA operators to source cash from any bank, including cooperatives and regional rural banks
The exact date of issuance of these new series coins is yet to be announced
Banks would be required to prepare financial statements for the financial year beginning April 2019 as well as for the previous ...
Exim Bank said the bonds were distributed 87% in Asia and 13% in Europe and offshore US
The independent audit report is on 39 of the 64 allegations levelled against the housing finance company by a news agency
Global majors IBM and Accenture set to compete with existing vendors Infosys and HP for deal to integrate different technology ...
RBI wants to snuff out evergreening, stock-play via bank-led units; risk-based supervision on cards
The decision is based on an assessment of liquidity conditions and also of durable liquidity needs, it added
The relaxation in the ECBs and masala bonds norms has made it attractive for the NBFCs and HFCs to tap into the offshore credit ...
The RBI imposed the fines over the past four days, according to stock exchange filings by the banks, though specifics of the ...
The decision on OMO is based on an assessment of prevailing liquidity conditions and also of the durable liquidity needs going ...
The new rates are effective from March 7
Post the PNB fraud, which came to light in February 2018, the RBI has been tough on banks to tighten all kinds of transactions
Asset quality improvement, receding funding pressure boost confidence, with 14 stocks trading near 52-week high
Swift is the global messaging software used for transactions by the financial entities
Of this, banks could deploy a portion towards higher rated NBFCs given the lower risk weight for these entities
State-owned Central Bank of India has put up for sale four stressed accounts, including Bhushan Power & Steel and Essar Steel ...
However, with market sentiments remaining muted, the fundraising might not be an easy task, especially for banks which are still ...
According to the Budget 2018-19, the government intends to disburse loans of up to Rs 3 trillion in the current financial year ...
Built into this speculative episode, like its predecessors, is a euphoric flight from reality and a blindness to risks that ...
Dena Bank said the Reserve Bank has imposed a penalty of Rs 20 million on it for non-compliance with the directions issued on ...
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has approved his appointment as part-time non-official director as well as ...
Yes Bank Friday said Ravneet Gill has taken charge as its MD and CEO with immediate effect for a tenure of three years.
"Ravneet ...
International Finance Corporation to invest up to $25 million for a 20% stake
The agreement was done during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan in October 2018
The task force will submit its report by June- end.
Reserve Bank of India's rate cuts are proving to be ineffective in lowering rates
Bulk of the recap funds to banks will go towards provisioning, and it will take time before it leads to acceleration of credit ...
The finance ministry last week announced infusion of Rs 48,239 crore in 12 public sector banks in this fiscal to help them ...
The bank has identified loans to 49 companies for sale
The proposed guidelines said their variable pay needs to constitute at least half of the total remuneration
Penalty on cards if bank underreports bad debt, provisioning
NBFC-MFIs, which hold the largest share in  micro-credit space, were able to shake off impact of tight liquidity in Q3
It's only a matter of time before they are cleared, which will give the first glimpse of a new CEO compensation regime.
In December 2018, the bank announced that Rajiv Anand, executive director-retail banking has taken over as the executive ...
Along with HFCs, NBFCs account for about 60 per cent of real estate developers' loans as banks stayed away from lending to ...
Dena Bank, which is among eight entities under PCA, will cease to exist from April 1, 2019.
The IL&FS bond toxicity contagion is spreading rapidly.
The virus has now spread to a rather large body of savers, in this case ...
The decision was taken by the RBI in its last bi-monthly monetary policy
Uco Bank expects its privileged status processing refiners' payments for Iranian oil shipments to add more than Rs 8 billion to ...
NSSF offers high-volume long-term debt funding, an area where the bond market falls short
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das held the first meeting with heads of select commercial banks after the monetary policy review on ...
Even after the last policy rate reduction, only two banks--SBI and Bank of Maharashtra--chose to do something, by lowering just ...
Combined microcredit portfolio of all lenders as on December 31, 2018, was Rs 1,57,497 crore
Though capital adequacy and net NPAs will improve, banks will need more capital to expand
Government had announced Rs 48,239 crore capital infusion into 12 public sector banks in this fiscal to help them maintain ...
Several public banks are now focusing on agriculture infrastructure credit, like warehouses and cold storages, while the growth ...
Deutsche Bank resisted for years reducing the value of those bonds and related derivatives on its books to a level that markets ...
Moody's assessed that the downside risks to the bank's credit profile have diminished
With two major cases at the final stage of resolution, the Finance Ministry expects bad loan recoveries to touch Rs 1.80 lakh ...
Allahabad Bank will be provided Rs 6,896 crore
In the past year, the US lender has had to team up with local asset reconstruction companies to purchase loans made to firms ...
The bank's management, on its part, is confident about softening of bad loan or NPA with the recovery of Rs 34,000 crore from ...
On February 14, the private lender had disclosed that the RAR had not found any divergence in asset classification and ...
Signalling an end to the  liquidity crisis that NBFCs have been facing since last  September, corporate bond issuances by them ...
RBI said in December that the ratio for banks fell for the first time since 2015, though it's still 'high for comfort'
The state-owned lender would also expedite payment of insurance amount of Rs 30 lakh each to the families of CRPF personnel
India is the fastest growing major economy in the world and banking services are yet to reach all the people, Puri added
Digital security concerns have assumed greater importance amid the Modi government's efforts to steer India towards a less-cash, ...
Commenting on mergers in the banking space, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said India needs fewer and mega banks which are strong
In the current situation if I cut the rate of interest then I will have a problem, says Kumar
If recapitalisation of banks is welcomed, a farm loan waiver should be as acceptable
The warning comes after the regulator received several whistle-blower complaints in the past two months against more than one of ...
Linkage with RBI's compliance and inspection reports to be strengthened
The sharp spurt in prices on Thursday had added more than Rs 2,000 crore (notional gains) to promoters' wealth
The eighth round of the survey for the period July to December 2018 witnessed participation of 23 banks.
Between April and November 2108, the central bank had net sold $26.51 billion in the spot market against net purchase of $18.017 ...
The programme, christened Nayi Disha, focuses on work-life balance and also involves the staffs' immediate family members
The liquidity crisis at NBFCs  triggered by the bankruptcy of IL&FS and the Supreme Court  verdict banning use of the Aadhaar ...
The regulator for housing-finance firms has allowed an accumulation of illiquid long-term assets with liquid short-term ...
Allahabad Bank expects fresh capital infusion from the government by the end of this month or early next month
The RBI said the directions in this regard have been issued the Foreign Exchange Management Act
Shaktikanta Das also discussed the current regulations and requirements for investment in fixed income for FPIs
SBI announced only a 0.05% cut in interest rate on home loans of up to Rs 30 lakh despite the RBI cutting the repo rate by 0.25% ...
Defaulters cannot get additional finance from banks
The Reserve Bank of India assesses compliance by banks with extant prudential norms on income recognition, asset classification ...
Developers in India are struggling as loans become harder to get from non-bank lenders whose own funding is drying up
The nuance that has been lost is whether the move is aimed more to free up the capital of banks or to help loan companies
The crowd which dares to walk alone is getting bigger as the years pass, reports Raghu Mohan
Loans extended under PMMY from the inception of the scheme up to March 2018 were Rs 5.71 trn
Banking, capital markets and insurance sectors in IFSCs are regulated by multiple regulators at present
City Union Bank Ltd., a small lender based in Kumbakonam, has risen more than 27% over the last twelve months, the best ...
International rating agency S&P  Global Monday affirmed credit rating of state-run Indian  Overseas Bank (IOB) at 'BB' and 'B' on ...
The process of amalgamation is going on according to the schedule, the sources said.
They added that the other proposal would be ...
The bulk of accounts up for sale by SBI are of small and medium enterprises that have dues amounting to Rs 4,667 crore
The government has shifted the focus on accounts from 'every household' to 'every unbanked adult'
The scheme announced by RBI is a one-time scheme wherein a loan tenor and interest rate can be revised without classifying the ...
As the IL&FS group defaulted on its debt obligations, the NBFC sector earned a bad reputation for itself and also went through a ...
Reddy said that by taking recourse to unprecedented practice of interim dividend, the government has compromised on the ...
SBI reduces rates by 5 basis points on home loans up to Rs 30 lakh
Interchange fee is the amount charged by ATM operators for every transaction
"As the nation's largest lender, we have always kept customer interests at the centre," said SBI chairman Rajnish Kumar
Making more credit available more cheaply is vital for Modi, who wants to please businesses, farmers and individual borrowers
UCO Bank's NPAs ballooned to 27.39% of gross loans at end of December 31, 2018
The yield on the most-traded 2028 sovereign bonds fell just seven basis points, the rupee eked out a gain and the main stocks ...
Calls for one-time relief that will allow restructuring of viable companies and not expose them to the threat of insolvency ...
Earlier in the day, the Reserve Bank cut its repo rate at which it lends to the system by 0.25% to 6.25%
The rate cut will benefit Modi's government as it will boost economic growth and lending to small businesses, according to ...
Following the recent defaults by  entities like the IL&FS, the regulator Irdai Thursday said  insurance companies will have to ...
The central bank unexpectedly lowered interest rates and, as anticipated, shifted its stance to 'neutral' to boost a slowing ...
Banks' net non-performing loan (NPL) ratios and capital -- two of the four parameters that the RBI tracks as part of the PCA ...
A few leading payment providers are actively engaging with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for allowing free flow of data across ...
The bank will seek further capital infusion from the government by March 2019
The retail loan portfolio, including SME credit, was over Rs 36,000 crore at end of Dec
The move comes at a time when a host of state-run banks are set to jettison some of their non-banking ventures to raise capital
Need for a separate unified regulator arose after the existing regulators expressed concerns that transactions in GIFT City can ...
State-run Punjab National Bank,  which returned to the black in the December quarter with a  modest profit after three successive ...
SMS alerts cannot be the basis to determine the liability of a customer, for there would be account holders who may not be in the ...
The healthier private sector lenders will account for up to 60 per cent of the incremental deposit mobilisation, domestic ratings ...
Confirming the order, V Suresh, counsel for ICICI Bank said that the court dismissed the revision petition and allowed the bank ...
'If you say there are job losses where is this growth coming from,' Kumar said in response to criticism about lack of generation ...
Uco Bank was fined Rs 2 crore for non-compliance on account payee cheques
Had suffered Rs 4,530-crore net loss in the second quarter of the current fiscal
Penalty of Rs 2 crore has been imposed each on Axis Bank and UCO Bank for non-compliance of norms related to payment through ...
Of the Rs 13.5-14 trillion stressed corporate loans, banks have recognised only Rs 10 trillion as of Sept 2018
Next trigger for bonds will come from the central bank's policy decision on Thursday, when it is expected to change its stance to ...
The total income for the October-December 2018 quarter was at Rs 762.47 crore as against Rs 817.57 crore registered a year ago.
Bank board's proposal in this regard must receive nod from RBI, shareholders and Stock Exchanges; it is also subject to name ...
Its asset quality remains under severe pressure
The bank had reported a net loss of Rs 1,524.31 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal
Quite simply, you will end up paying a bit more on your stock deals
It denied to share the copies of these reports, saying the disclosure would cause breach of privilege of Parliament
The boards of both companies have approved the transaction, however, the value of the deal has not been disclosed
Such a move could drag states' ability to woo investors , say experts
The bank has partnered with Tata AIA for life insurance, Cholamandalam MS for general insurance
Its total income decreased to Rs 6,329.17 crore during the quarter under review, as against Rs 6,589.32 crore in the year-ago ...
Tamil Nadu Grama Bank reported around Rs 21,000 crore of business with 625 branches
Control on slippages and lower overhead expenses boosted bottom line
Mondal, who resigned on Thursday, will serve notice till close of business hours of March 31,2019
On January 31, Rana Kapoor's reign as the Managing Director and Chief Executive of Yes Bank, which was co-founded by him
Various steps taken by govt has helped the banks significantly and as a result 3 banks -- Bank of India, Bank of Maharashtra and ...
Bank of India, Bank of Maharashtra, Oriental Bank of Commerce can resume normal business but will be under observation
A report by Cobrapost claimed that DHFL, through layers of 45 shell companies, allegedly siphoned off Rs 31,000 crore out of the ...
RBI said that both BoI and BoM have Net NPAs of less than 6% as per Q3 results while OBC's net NPA has come down as the govt has ...
Regulator to approach GST council on reducing tax on property insurance, is upbeat about cyber security business
Besides, Kochhar will also have to forgo her unexercised stocks options
Insurance companies will have to  make provisions for their exposure to the crippled infra  lender IL&FS, industry regulator ...
Defaults at IL&FS have roiled the credit market and made it harder for other non-bank lenders to access funds
Recent bankruptcy proceedings that wrested prominent companies from their owners were a wake up call for India's business ...
The Justice B N Krishna committee report has vindicated the agency's stand, the officials said
First victim of the NBFC crisis, the company's m-cap already down by 60% since September
'I am utterly disappointed, hurt and shocked by the decision', said Chanda Kochhar
Net interest income up 21% to Rs 6,875 cr, other income rises 9% to Rs 3,404 cr
Lender has decided to treat her leave from the bank as a termination and claw back her bonuses from April 2009 to March 2018
The domestic firms had raised $1.31 billion through the ECB route in December 2017
A measure of asset quality, fell to 7.75 per cent at the end of December, from 8.54 per cent in the previous quarter and 7.82 per ...
The report has been tabled at the bank's board meeting and a discussion on the findings of the investigation is underway; board ...
Wants to return to 18% RoE and sustain it
However, banks are managing these costs closely through a hike in slabs and some explicit cuts.
With concerns on funding costs put to rest, Bajaj Finance stocks rose over 2 per cent on Tuesday
While RBI's supervisory bureaucracy was blindsided on PNB, it gave the sense of having put sound systems in place
This one year window has afforded an opportunity to PSBs by an estimated relief of around Rs 35,000-38,000 crore
Report notes that Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code's success has been a mixed bag so far
Total income in the reported quarter increased at Rs 14,562.85 crore as compared to Rs 12,976.28 crore in the year-ago period
Gross non-performing loans fell to 5.75 per cent of total loans at the end of December
The implosion of the highly rated lender raised financing costs for everyone who had borrowed short-term funds to invest in ...
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das addressed the PSB chiefs earlier in the day and took stock of the liquidity situation
It is alleged that during the tenure of Chanda Kochhar, six loans worth Rs 1,875 crore were cleared for Videocon Group and its ...
Provisions and contingencies during the reported quarter stood at Rs 1,977.34 cr, as compared to Rs 2,673.64 cr in the same ...
Net Interest Income up 40% to 655 crore; improvement in asset quality seen in better NPA ratios
Indian banks' bad debt problem, second in the world only to Italy, offer opportunities for a potentially lucrative form of ...
IIB has analysed how prices of health insurance claims have risen over a seven-year period, since 2010
The RBI says banks may consider the applications from exporters and grant permission for opening or hiring of warehouses abroad
On January 18, the finance ministry, issued an order to sack Rao and Sharan
Repco Micro Finance last year submitted a proposal for getting a licence as Small Finance Bank, but the Reserve Bank of India ...
The SFIO and PSU banks can initiate the process if they suspect that the defaulter may leave the country to escape the law
CBI has named former ICICI Bank MD & CEO Chanda Kochhar, her husband Deepak Kochhar, Videocon Group promoter Venugopal Dhoot as ...
According to industry experts, 2017 was the year of digitisation
In 2017-18, the revised estimate was higher than the Budget Estimate by 2.6%
On May,'09, Chanda Kochhar took over as ICICI Bank MD and CEO
The CSO in its latest forecast, has pegged GDP to grow at a rate of 7.2% for 2018-19
The pleas claim that RBI and former governor Urjit Patel had 'willfully and deliberately' disobeyed SC's judgement asking the ...
NCLT proceedings and court cases have not been moving at the pace that the bank expected
Recoveries during the quarter surpass slippages; Provision coverage ratio improves to 64.23% in reporting quarter from 57.83% a ...
Total income was up at Rs 5,269.10 crore from Rs 4,903.07 crore in the year-ago period
The fiscal deficit may touch 3.4 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) for year ending March 2019, breach the target of 3.3 ...
The companies like Swiss Ribbons, Shivam Water Treaters, and Ganesh Prasad Pandey, an individual petitioner, had challenged ...
In October, the RBI had refused to give incumbent CEO Rana Kapoor an extension to his term
He said big tech companies tended to specialise in payments and settlement rather than deposit-taking and lending
Chanda Kochhar showed dishonesty by abusing her official position in sanctioning a loan in favour of Videocon International ...
The appellate tribunal has directed the Ahmedabad Bench of NCLT to pass an order on the insolvency resolution of Essar Steel on ...
Net interest margin increased to 3.06%, as against 3.02% for the third quarter of the previous fiscal
Bank's senior group president says Jan 29 board meeting will decide whether an interim CEO will be brought in for the gap between ...
The paper's findings rekindle the debate on the Reserve Bank of India's autonomy, just as a panel reviews how much funds the ...
Uncertainty over the outcome of a national election in May is seen as the main downside risk to Asia's third-largest economy
Dragging cases in NCLT would mean higher provisioning in next quarter
'The healthy net interest margin (11.8 per cent) helped to increase profits,' MD and CEO Samit Ghosh said
According to the report, close to 40 per cent of the gross credit exposure of Indian banks is in sectors where water risks are ...
The bank's total income also rose to Rs 4,106.42 crore during the period
This is the first time the country's biggest bank's exposure has been revealed in the case involving Mehul Choksi, who is among ...
The RBI will buyback five securities maturing between June 2019 and December 2033 through the purchase, it said and also ...
Deal size grew considerably in the reporting year, which is a sign of the increasing maturation of the VC market here
The institute has proposed a collaborative approach among all the stakeholders in a network while stressing on the need to evolve ...
A policy paper placed on the RBI website on Monday discusses the various pros and cons of having a single operator for payments
Canara Bank has invited bids at a floor price of Rs 225 per share, according to the Request for the Proposal floated by the bank
Shares of IDBI Bank Monday fell over 3 per cent on a day when insurance behemoth LIC announced completion of 51 per cent stake ...
It had posted a net loss of Rs 124.98 crore in October-December 2017 (Q3Fy18)
Net NPA stood at 0.67% for the present quarter, against 0.94% in the year-ago quarter
IDBI Bank Monday said insurance behemoth LIC has completed acquisition of 51 per cent controlling stake in the bank, making it ...
The Wall Street bank said lower inflation projections, and expectations of a slower pace of US policy rate hikes prompted it to ...
A country that needs to sweat every investor rupee and dollar to put its swelling, restive labor force to work will continue to ...
The Centre said the PNB two executives failed in their capacity in the top management to justify their dismissal
The JV will provide various payment options to customers and merchants
The successful issuance demonstrates the strong niche investor base SBI has created for itself in offshore capital markets
The total outlay for credit requirement projections is an aggregation of the 'Potential Linked Credit Plans' prepared by the ...
The bank had recorded a net profit of Rs 115 crore in the corresponding period of the previous financial year
The PNB has intimated the action to the stock exchanges
This follows a wait-and-see approach laid out earlier this month by several other Fed policymakers, making clear that a consensus ...
The RBI Act was amended in November 2016 to make the goal as "maintaining price stability keeping in mind the objective of ...
According to the list of financial creditors as of October 2018, SC Lowy Primary Investments has an exposure of about Rs 900 cr ...
Over Rs 1.21 trillion debt (a part of the Rs 4.10 trillion) is likely to emanate from corporates rated 'AA-' and above, a report ...
Fincare announced this during its entry into Hyderabad with the launch of its branch at Banjara Hills
The counsel representing the RBI sought more time from the court to file the affidavit in reply to the writ petition filed by the ...
In a meeting with RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das, industry chambers suggested measures to ease tight liquidity situation and reduce ...
SBI has concluded the standalone issuance of fixed rate senior unsecured notes in two tranches of $850 mn for 5 years
The bonds will have a call option, which means the management can buy back the bonds, if they wish to, after a specific period
The bank will raise about $ 700 million through five- year bonds and $300 million through three-year bonds
According to RBI, the fine was imposed for non-compliance with 'Master Directions on Frauds-Classification and Reporting'
The estimated cost of the project, being constructed by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation, is around Rs 50,000 ...
The reappointment is effective from January 19, 2019, ICICI Bank said in a regulatory filing
The Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, also approved an increase in the bank's authorised capital from Rs ...
Senior SBI executive said the sale if goes through would give bank immediate cash to be deployed for lending operations
The government had provided for Rs 500 crore towards capital infusion in the Exim Bank in the budget for this fiscal
She has been courted as an administration ally by Ivanka Trump, the president's eldest daughter who is playing a role in the ...
RBI has permitted authorised card payment networks to offer card tokenisation services to consumers requesting it, in an effort ...
The RBI plans to inject liquidity under OMOs for Rs 50,000 crore in January 2019
A slowdown in the world economy, the trade war and skittish financial markets are forcing policy makers to express fresh caution ...
In the financial year 2017-18, SFBs posted a collective net loss of Rs 2,020 crore, against a net profit of Rs 140 crore the ...
Former IDBI CEO B Sriram and management consultant Rama Bijapurkar appointed for five years
Weaker growth and the possibility of inflation undershooting the 2 per cent lower boundary of the RBI's inflation target range ...
Sobti, 68, was selected unanimously by a five-member high profile jury headed by former Reserve Bank of India deputy governor S S ...
However, net NPAs rose marginally to 4.59 per cent of the net loans from 4.29 per cent in the corresponding period a year ago
The rupee had a better run in the past fiscal, while it was one of the worst among its emerging market peers this fiscal year, ...
The central bank has flagged that bad loans under PMMY have risen to Rs 11,000 crore
UPI 2.0 to fast-track growth, as merchant transactions rise
Existing shareholders feel value of their shares going up substantially in the future following management takeover by LIC
Currently, the bank has a total business of roughly around Rs 4.80 trillion, comprising deposits of about Rs 2.50 trillion
Dutt has been on the board of the bank since July 2013 as an independent director
The US-based Citibank has been operating in India for over 115 years
PNBHFL is among the top-five HFCs in India in terms of assets under management, with about a six per cent market share of housing ...
The panel would cover all the factors affecting the sector's performance and what would be the viable solution for its ...
The government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been pressuring the central bank to ease the curbs on at least some of the ...
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh has been a cautious businessman all through his career, but the acquisition of Gruh Finance appears out of ...
The lender posted a 10% rise in profit to Rs 331 crore in the December quarter
These small-finance banks require a new pool of talent for diversification
Experts said this was likely to attract huge quantities of gold over the coming months.
Some claimed this was a move to bring out ...
The survey found that consumers in China, India and Latin America are more open to banking with technology firms than others, ...
RBI governor has been holding consultations with various stakeholders in the financial sector after taking charge in December
Indian mills expect sudden spike in global sugar prices to persist due to drought in Brazil, giving India a fair chance to ...
The bank had earlier stated that it had a total exposure of Rs 3,000 crore against the IL&FS group, of which Rs 2,000 crore is ...
The mechanism offers an additional layer of security as it masks sensitive card data such as the 16-digit account number, ...
Loan defaults rise in three years; finance companies becoming vulnerable
The most obvious is the goods and services tax (GST)
The committee will review the state of digitisation of payments in the country, identify gaps and how to bridge these
The non-payment of dues beyond 90 days would force the banks to treat their exposure as a non-performing assets
At present, tokenised card transaction facility would be offered through mobile phones or tablets only and will be extended to ...
Govt informed Rajya Sabha that no proposal with regard to change in the RBI's powers with respect to public sector banks was ...
The government and RBI under previous governor Urjit Patel had been at loggerheads over the Rs 9.6 trillion surplus capital with ...
The operation in SBI and private sector banks remained unaffected as other seven unions in the banking sector are not part of the ...
Govt will have to amend the Constitution to bypass SC order
After the merger, HDFC will have about a 15 per cent stake in the Bandhan Bank, this is more than what RBI's rules permit ...
Das says the RBI constantly monitors liquidity conditions and would take steps to address any deficit in the banking system
Domestic securitisation market volumes touched all-time high of Rs 1.44 trn during the nine months to December 2018, as compared ...
RBI will take steps if there's liquidity shortage, said Shaktikanta Das
As on January 31, 2018, PSBs had about 165 overseas branches, besides subsidiaries, joint ventures and representative offices
The committee has also made a case for more incentives and a better remuneration package for senior management of PSBs
The All India Bank Employees Association and Bank Employees Federation of India has informed the Indian Banks' Association of the ...
A fourth of the total amount was owed by these defaulters to SBI on September 30, 2018
The PNB had approached the tribunal challenging the adjudicating authority's order allowing the ED to attach the company's ...
Following roadshow in December 2018, it may come out with bond issues based on market conditions in January-February 2019; Looks ...
PNB has informed that these funds are duly audited by the bank's statutory central auditors every year, said Jaitley
There has been no recent decision regarding 2,000 rupee note production, says Garg
The move has been roundly criticized by most analysts, and many fear the culture of forbearance is back and could lead to more ...
As for NBFCs, the retail credit stood at Rs 8.3 trillion as on September 2018
Banks have requested a relook on its February 12 circular that makes a firm a defaulter as soon as it misses a payment within the ...
Motilal Oswal Financial Services, Anand Rathi Shares and Stockbrokers Ltd. and India Infoline among companies served notice
The merged entity will become India's third largest bank after SBI and HDFC Bank
he standing committee on finance also asked the RBI to evaluate the efficacy of its own guidelines on dealing with frauds
Bill proposes to ban deposit takers from promoting, operating, issuing advertisements or accepting deposits in any unregulated ...
The report said NBFC segment is well capitalised for addressing the medium-term growth opportunities
Lenders have so far recovered Rs 8,000 crore from the resolution of 66 cases
While PSBs met their PSL target for agriculture of 18 per cent, private banks and foreign banks failed to meet the targets at ...
MTM gain and availability of liquidity mitigates pressure to increase deposit rates, amid relatively slower growth in deposits
The company's Board will consider the issuance of NCDs on private placement basis in a meeting on January 29
Vijaya, Dena shareholders to get 402 & 110 shares, respectively, of BoB for every 1,000 held
A meeting of the committee of directors on ESPS -- Compensation Committee -- is scheduled to be held on Jan 7 to consider, ...
The government in September last year had announced merger of state-owned Vijaya Bank and Dena Bank, with larger peer Bank of ...
Reserve Bank Governor Shaktikanta Das Wednesday said he will meet representatives of MSMEs and non-banking financial companies ...
To be eligible, the MSME account should remain a 'standard asset' as of January 1
Banks are to link retail loans to external benchmarks; finance companies may be next
After the IL&FS crisis, the RBI feels that the oversight framework related to the financial corporations need to be geared for ...
The aggregate exposure, including non-fund based facilities of banks and NBFCs, to a borrower should not exceed Rs 25 crore as on ...
The government on Monday infused Rs 10,882 crore in four public sector banks, including UCO Bank and Syndicate Bank
Urjit Patel resigned after a months-long tussle over policy with the government that raised concerns about the bank's ...
The genesis of differences between the RBI and the government was one-day default norms announced by the central bank on February ...
The primary reasons for spurt in stressed assets include aggressive lending practices, wilful default, loan frauds, corruption in ...
The share of net credit of housing finance companies (HFCs) in the total flow of credit nearly doubled from 6.2 per cent in FY14 ...
The move comes amid a system-wide hike in lending rates due to tight liquidity
Banks showed an overall improvement with their gross NPA ratio declining from 11.5% in March 2018 to 10.8% in September 2018
Amitabh Chaudhry will be the new managing director and CEO of the bank with effect from January 1, 2019
The Reserve Bank Monday pitched  for greater coordination between financial sector regulators  to plug any possible gaps which ...
With the bank growing its assets by over 30-35% quarter after quarter, it is constantly in need of capital
RBI's latest report suggests that if the Nirav Modi scam were left out, the quantum of frauds would have risen by just Rs 38 bn ...
Public sector banks accounted for a majority of frauds during the year
As of September 2018, total client outreach of the sector was 29.9 million
As inflation is expected to undershoot the Monetary Policy Committee's target of 4% plus/minus 2%
While banks recovered Rs 49 billion of bad loans through the IBC, the amount recovered through SARFAESI was Rs 265 billion in
Currently, intaglio printing-based identification marks are present in banknotes of Rs 100 and above for helping the visually ...
The capital adequacy ratio denotes how much capital a bank has against its loans
The fund infusion would be by way of preferential allotment of shares
Backed by an increase in fund-based income, the NBFCs saw an improvement in their profitability in FY18 and in the H1 of FY 19
The Reserve Bank Friday warned  that with high bad loans and inadequate provisioning to cover  the same, any relaxation in the ...
The government and the RBI under the previous Governor Urjit Patel were at loggerheads on several issues, including over ...
The date of allotment is December 28, 2018, it added
Various initiatives taken by the government have yielded results, with the bad loans of public sector banks declining by over Rs ...
The 11 public sector banks that  are under the prompt corrective action (PCA) framework have  shown lower growth in gross ...
The number of ATMs has declined  marginally to 2.07 lakh in FY18 from 2.08 lakh in FY17,  primarily due to branch rationalisation ...
System-wide gross non-performing  assets of banks rose to 11.2 percent or at Rs 10.39 trillion  in FY18 from 9.3 percent a year ...
The bank said these fraudulent transactions had taken place over a number of years and amounted to $1.77 billion
The RBI had, in April, imposed several restrictions on City Cooperative Bank, including limiting the withdrawal by depositors to ...
All banks, except Syndicate Bank, which are expected to receive capital infusion under RBI's PCA are facing certain lending ...
Earlier this month, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government would put an additional Rs 410 billion in PSBs over and ...
The central probe agency had filed a criminal case against the firm and its promoters under the PMLA after taking cognisance of a ...
In 2016-17, CPSEs' contribution to the exchequer stood at Rs 36 trillion
PSBs need to get over the vexed issue of wage negotiation, and collectively work to promote an institutional environment
Former deputy governor Rakesh Mohan will be vice-chairman of the six-member committee
V Vaidyanathan is a retail veteran having been retail head at ICICI Bank
ICICI Bank's then MD & CEO Chanda Kochhar abruptly sought early retirement
There is still no clarity on the timeline for peace between the two groups
Weeks ago, Nirav Modi was spotted having dinner at a London restaurant
Former RBI governor Bimal Jalan will be the committee's chairman and Rakesh Mohan, a former deputy governor, deputy chairman
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will capture payment habits of individuals in six cities, including four metropolitan towns.
For ...
In the afternoon, over 5,000 bank staffers staged a rally at Mumbai's Azad Maidan and raised slogans opposing the proposed merger
The bank said the issue price under ESPS has to be decided by the board and it will be in a way so that the government holding ...
A total of 8,802 frauds have been reported by scheduled commercial banks and public sector banks in 2017-18 as against 7,794 in ...
With branches closed, cash transactions are also set to take a hit
According to Reserve Bank of India and Securities and Exchange Board of India rules, it is not mandatory for shareholders to sing ...
According to AIBEA General Secretary C H Vekatachalam, the strike is effective across the country and employees are fighting for ...
The nation-wide strike would impact banking services like deposits and withdrawal at branches, cheque clearances and issuance of ...
As the year of the dog melts into the year of the pig, you will see more drama in the digital space
The unions may go on an indefinite strike and the RTGS system, which is the backbone of financial transactions in the country, ...
A New York Times examination of mass shootings since the Virginia Tech attack in 2007 reveals how credit cards have become a ...
Private sector banks will continue to function as usual
Various services offered by the bank, including ATM transaction and cash deposits, come at a cost, but the charges have been kept ...
The Rs 20 notes accounted for 9.8 per cent of the total number of currency notes in circulation at the end of March 2018
P V Bharathi will take over the charge on or after February 1, 2019
Committee expected to submit ICICI Bank-Videocon loan case probe report by third week of January
Kolkata tops list with 617 cancellations, Delhi second with 203
The 'Alternative Mechanism' (AM) headed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had decided to merge three banks with a view to create a ...
As per the requirement, the scheme of amalgamation will be placed before Parliament, which is in session till January 8
The strike call comes on the heels of an officers union of state-run banks observing a day-long strike last Friday
In June this year, the RBI had announced to set up a PCR for India to address information asymmetry, foster access to credit and ...
The government's move to inject an additional Rs 410 billion into PSBs will be done in tranches starting this month
The bank cut faculty allowances of members at various training establishments to 10% of the basic, from 30% earlier, without ...
SBI will have a majority stake in the proposed JV
The merged entity will have a combined business of Rs 14.82 trillion, making it the third largest bank after SBI and ICICI Bank
Currently, banks have given mandate to the Indian Bank Association (IBA) to negotiate for bank employees from scale 1-3
The association was concerned that taking away public sector bank status of the IDBI could affect the employment conditions of ...
Given that the public sector banks alone control 75 per cent of the total business in the country, the public is sure to face ...
The infusion is aimed at helping better-performing banks under prompt corrective action (PCA) to come out of this category
While top banks can afford to purchase high-end deception technologies and build strong security operations centres but the ...
As part of the consultative process, Das finished meeting with the public sector lender on Wednesday
Statement comes a day after FM said govt doesn't need RBI money to bridge fiscal gap
RBI's HR department issued a circular stating that the bottom 25% in the grade B to C and D to E won't get a promotion, a ceiling ...
The RBI had kept the repo rate -- at which it lends to banks -- at 6.50% in the MPC review held between Dec 3-5
According to sources, the government is considering additional capital infusion of up to Rs 300-400 billion in PSBs as they have ...
The banks will remain closed on December 22 and 23 on account of fourth Saturday and Sunday respectively.
December 25 will be ...
The lenders who attended the meeting included Bank of Baroda, Bank of Maharashtra, Allahabad Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Indian ...
The issue of parting with a portion of RBI reserves, which as of June stood at Rs 9.43 trillion, to the government has been a ...
The impact on shorter maturities builds over time and the peak impact occurs with a lag of around six months
With the new policy, only 75% of the officers with a particular rank would be promoted, while it was 90% earlier
At 14 per cent of GDP, India's shadow-banking universe is much smaller than the 70 per cent ratio in the People's Republic, as ...
The OMO purchase in the present fiscal year will be around Rs 2.5 trillion
V Vaidyanathan will be the managing director and chief executive officer of the merged entity
New generation private sector IDFC Bank and non-banking financial company Capital First announced completion of their merger ...
According to a BSE filing, the bank said it sold the stake in various tranches
The EDPMS system was introduced by the RBI in 2014 for all banks to bring their transactions with the exporters online
The post of MD and CEO of Canara Bank is lying vacant since superannuation of Rakesh Sharma on July 31, 2018
Carlyle is considering expanding its 32.4% holding after valuations for the housing finance company turned attractive
Yes Bank has recommended  the name of its board member Brahm Dutt for the post of Chairman to the RBI, according to sources.
The ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has  been pursuing resolution of Non Performing Assets (NPA) and  they should decline in the ...
Govt doesn't need a single penny from RBI in this fiscal, said Arun Jaitley
Even as the PSBs struggle with the weight of non-performing assets, they are hunting for new-age talent for an image makeover
Within the NBFC space, housing finance companies (HFCs) are likely to find few takers
In the last few months, some of DMDs from SBI have been appointed as chief executives and MDs for the public sector banks
Not only were Urjit and Rajan outsiders, they also hired laterally, bypassing the existing talent, especially in the field of ...
The shareholders also approved Chaudhry's appointment as MD & CEO for three years
Traditionally, nationalised banks' EDs were elevated as MD, while DMDs were made MDs of SBI
RBI's board last month decided to set up a committee for examining the economic capital framework to determine the appropriate ...
The All India IDBI Officers Association was concerned that taking away public sector status of IDBI could affect the employment ...
The matter will be heard next on January 17, 2019
The court said it would hear the case next on January 17
Das and a possible course correction in monetary policy should allow the tailwinds of structural reforms of the past few years to ...
The RBI has often impressed it upon banks that the EDPMS needs to be up to date as the data is required to monitor how fast ...
RBI nod in place, Jaitley-led group of ministers to give final approval soon
Opposing the merger of these three banks, nearly one million bank employees and officers will take part in a nation-wide srike on ...
Work on the registry is happening in a 'modular' manner and it will take three-five years before every financial transaction is ...
A multi-agency probe is already underway into the fraud, which was mainly perpetrated by way of fraudulent Letters of Undertaking
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a new ally at the Reserve Bank of India in Governor Shaktikanta Das
IMF Director Gerry Rice said this in response to a question on the recent developments at the RBI
It has around 7,000 staffers in this country, being the largest international bank in India, with 100 branches in 43 cities
Of particular import is the portfolio of the highly sensitive Department of Banking Regulation (DBR) under the charge of N S ...
When contacted, a Standard Chartered Bank spokesperson confirmed the downsizing
Total first-year premiums of private insurers for the period rose by 23.22% to Rs 401.97 bn
The RBI has injected durable liquidity through open market operations of Rs 1.36 trillion in the current financial year
YES Bank said it had finalised its recommendation for the role of a non-executive part-time chairman in its meeting
Sources said the matter is being considered by the government and the final decision is expected in few weeks
Yes bank added it has finalised its recommendation for the role of a non-executive part-time chairman, which has been vacant ...
The central board of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) under new Governor Shaktikanta Das will meet on Friday where the directors ...
RBI governor is right in Govt & RBI role, says Gurumurthy
A seasoned IAS officer who is close to the current government, will Das find an independent voice as the new central bank boss?
Choksi, who escaped in the first week of January this year after he and his companies cheated the bank of Rs 70 billion, has ...
Of all people, Modi should recognize that no election victory is worth giving up on India's best chance at becoming a ...
Icra expects further capital infusion of Rs 135 billion in PCA banks during FY19 with capital infusion of Rs 119 billion till now
With the 40 new ones, the count would be 978 by end-December. With Wednesday's development, it was 943
The interest rate for fixed deposits between 1-3 years will increase to 6.25 per cent from 6 per cent
Das said he will preserve the "core values" of the central bank, but called for "frank discussions" with the government
Shaktikanta Das said the RBI board meeting scheduled for Friday will be held as planned
New RBI governor Shaktikanta Das addressed the media in Mumbai
Progress on the steps taken by Governor Shaktikanta Das' predecessor Urjit Patel to restore financial system integrity will be a ...
Das, a career bureaucrat, is seen as someone who can ease tensions with the state, prompting a mixed reaction from markets
Fitch said the full implications of Patel's resignation will only become clearer once there is some indication of the RBI's ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley termed Das as a person with 'right credentials' for the RBI top job.
Surprisingly for a leader elected in a 2014 landslide after touting business-friendly credentials, Modi can't seem to hang on to ...
Crucial board meeting to take place as scheduled for December 18
In FY18, on an average, public sector banks reported tier-I capital ratio of 8.4 %, against global average of 14.1%
Many past illustrious RBI governors were government officials, Shaktikanta Das would have to take their legacy forward
When the stakes are high, Shaktikanta Das manages to work with those involved and narrow down differences.
Das, 61, a 1980 batch Tamil Nadu cadre IAS officer, who retired as the economic affairs secretary in May 2017 was Tuesday ...
The crucial board meeting is expected to see discussion on various issues including governance reforms at the RBI
Mild-mannered, Shaktikanta Das is known to rarely lose his cool and focus mostly on looking at solutions through consensus
RBI maintains that its intervention in the foreign exchange market is to curb volatility in the rupee
The country's largest lender SBI is running pilot projects to disburse agricultural loans digitally and expects to roll out the ...
The contravention is with regard to RBI's directions on Frauds- Classification and Reporting by Commercial Banks
The Niti Aayog vice chairman also assured that the government will do whatever is required to continue its business as usual
The first step is for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to appoint an interim governor, as has been the practice in the past
Patel's decision to leave rather than accept the threat to the RBI's autonomy has a certain nobility.
But he might have offered a ...
It had been in the making for some time, says Kerala finance minister and senior CPI(M) leader
It earned Rs 1.55 trillion as interest and Rs 97.68 billion as dividend, returning a yield of 7.71% for the year
RBI board member S Gurumurthy says Patel's exit comes as a shock since the November board meeting was held in such a 'cordial ...
Assocham Secretary General Uday Kumar Verma said it was 'inappropriate' to make a comment on the matter, terming it as an issue ...
The public sector lender said, the fund is planned to be raised during January to March, next year
Patel cited 'personal reasons' for his resignation
On Monday, Urjit Patel resigned from the position of RBI governor citing personal reasons
Announces his decision in a statement posted on RBI's official website
There was overall growth across all product segments such as health insurance, personal accident and travel, and commercial ...
RBI had turned down the bank's stake dilution plan through non-convertible preference shares
Bhattacharya will succeed former banker M V Nair, who is stepping down after completing five years with the company
New framework to be akin to Reporting Friday norms; pressure on equity, and debt pricing set to rise
Chief Economist Maurice Obstfeld said International Monetary Fund does not want politicians 'manipulating' central banks for ...
Top experts discuss the way ahead for NBFCs in BS Round Table
Experts agreed that banks cannot avoid disruption but can leverage reach, technology and economies of scale of new-age players
Top bank CEOs in a panel discussion at the Business Standard Annual Banking Forum 2018
These 24 dud loan accounts are majorly concentrated in Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata zones of the bank
Chaudhry, 54 years, will take over from Shikha Sharma after she demits office on December 31, 2018
An AQR for NBFCs, including HFCs, is necessary given the uncertainty over NPAs, says the former chief economic adviser
The new RBI guidelines stipulate that the sanctioned fund-based working capital limits of Rs 1.50 bn and above must comprise at ...
The bank issued Basel III compliant tier II bonds of face value of Rs 1 million each amounting to Rs 9.71 billion
SBI shares closed 0.13% down at Rs 275.40 on the BSE
The criticality of credit flow to the MSMEs is borne out of its contribution to employment and inclusive growth
There's concern among the central-banking community that the independence of central banks could be under threat
There is a need to look beyond numbers like 8 per cent of risk-weighted assets or 9 per cent, says RBI Executive Director ...
The source said that the central bank's board for financial supervision (BFS) only discussed the banks' September quarter results ...
For the microfinance industry too, the increase in lending rates has been roughly between 50-100 bps
Is the future of banking fin
tech or tech fin?
Will technology follow banking, or the other way round?
Top bankers discuss at ...
The NCDs offer an effective yield of 10.20 per cent per annum for 39-month tenure, 10.42 per cent per annum for 60 months and ...
Experts say the crunch was triggered by the IL&FS issue and not because realtors defaulted
The current issue is about service tax, but it has even more serious implications under the GST regime
The scheme will be notified by the end of January next year
The RBI has also augmented system-wide liquidity through various moves
Difficulties in getting funding  will halve the non-bank lenders' asset growth to around 10 per  cent in the second half of the ...
Surge in October driven by unsecured retail lending and to non-banking financial companies
Even as five IL&FS employees continue to remain in captivity of unpaid staff in Ethiopia, the local police have taken into ...
Fusion Microfinance is a rural MFI with a Pan-India presence through 500 branches across about 200 under-developed districts in ...
The asset management company will launch two schemes -- YES Liquid Fund and YES Ultra Short Term Fund
The board is engaging with financial and transaction advisors to assess the vertical and asset-level resolution options
In a letter to the bank, the Government of India has confirmed that it will not participate in the open offer made by LIC
The facility will be available on 600 select stocks on the BSE representing 99 per cent of market capitalisation
SBI's subsidiary SBIFMPL is the fourth-largest asset manager in India and caters to HNIs along with domestic and offshore ...
It has also set a target to recover Rs 30 billion from the recovery of non-performing assets
Vijayan has been a key member of the search and selection committee set up to identify a suitable successor for the MD & CEO
The lender continues to be among the better capitalised PSBs, with a common equity tier 1 of 9.05 per cent in the first half of ...
NBFC-MFIs held the largest share of the portfolio in micro-credit with total loan outstanding of Rs 540.18 bn, or 37% of the ...
The tiff with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has caused several top executives to exit Yes Bank's board, and prompted rating
The capitalization at public sector banks (PSBs) will remain weak but government support may provide relief, said Moody's
Banks have been channeling increasing amounts of credit to retail consumers after defaults among corporate borrowers eroded their ...
Tax sleuths have detected over Rs 520 million of unexplained cash in jewellers' bank accounts
On Nov 22, SBI had held an e-auction of 11 NPA accounts that had outstanding dues of Rs 10.19 bn towards the bank
ICICI Securities has been selected to advise the Finance Ministry on two merger and acquisition (M&A) deals, an official ...
Fund houses held shares worth Rs 84 billion in the private sector lender at the end of September
Sources close to the bank told news agencies that several of the concerns raised by the RBI have already been addressed
LIC would also infuse Rs 150-200 billion into the loss-making IDBI Bank struggling with accumulated bad loans
Deutsche Bank shares traded 1.4% lower on Friday morning after a 3.4 decline on Thursday.
Shares are down 48% so far this year
What neither side disputes is that Gurumurthy, who joined the central bank's board in August, is now one of the country's most ...
If the banks are charged GST for free services, the customers may have to pay a higher tax for holding a minimum balance account
According to the revised norms, loans of original maturity of more than five years can be securitised after receiving the ...
The IT provider will have to set up entirely new systems and carry out exhaustive data analysis
Mumbai, 29 November Central government-owned Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) is on the mend and deserves to continue operating as a ...
The RBI has so far maintained it doesn't view cash crunch as a systematic issue, which it feels is limited to a few housing ...
Remarks come days after Nitin Gadkari blamed the Reserve Bank for 'complicating' project finance and asked the central bank to ...
As per the guidelines, the RBI may require an individual bank to adopt more stringent standards to reflect its funding risk ...
Relaxation on the minimum holding period will be allowed when the NBFC retains 20% of the book value of these loans, said RBI
Last week, the SAC approved the proposal for treating the J-K Bank Limited as a PSU, bringing it under the purview of the Right ...
Some 170 police officers and investigators from the Frankfurt prosecutors' office were searching six of the bank's premises in ...
The bank has allegedly been charging extra interest, has not paid out insurance premiums, is lifting subsides to recover debt and ...
The offer by Punjab National Bank will open on November 30 and close on December 10
Ratings agency Moody's on Tuesday downgraded the bank's instruments and changed its outlook on the bank from stable to negative
Morgan Credits and Yes Capital are holding companies owned by Rana Kapoor's daughters
This fiscal ICICI Bank plans to grow its disbursement of consumer loans by nearly 50 per cent to Rs 50 billion
Bank credit growth is up by 14.88 per cent to Rs 91.1 trillion, as of November 09, compared to Rs 79.3 trillion, one year ago
The lender has kept deposits rates unchanged for other maturities
BofAML said it does not rule out the possibility of the RBI cutting the cash reserve ratio (CRR) by 1%
Yes Bank Wednesday said its board on December 13 will recommend names for new chairman to be approved by the RBI as well as ...
Bank is in midst of management transition amid resignations
The Indian Banks' Association has suggested the use of blockchain to monitor financial transactions of a borrower financed by a ...
The outstanding of resources mobilised stood at Rs 97.3 trillion
Consumer and small- and medium-enterprises loans account for 60 per cent of their loan mix
With the latest announcement, OMO purchases by December-end will cross Rs 1.5 trillion
Ghosh also suggested that microfinance institutions (MFIs) should be cautious in expansion in the present market scenario
One can expect the overall business model to improve and also be a genuine convenience for the fully KYC-ed consumer
Banks are required to classify NPAs as "substandard" assets, "doubtful" assets, and "loss" assets
Sources said Kochhar has reiterated her stand to the regulator and had claimed that she adhered to all requisite disclosures
The brass of the finance ministry and the RBI are in touch to decide the members and terms of reference of the committee
If the peace proposal goes through, the two promoter groups will jointly recommend the successor to Rana Kapoor
According to sources close to Kapoor, whose new- three-year term was curtailed by RBI in mid-September, progress has been made ...
N Damodaran said a mature conversation between both the sides, carried out in private, will help iron out the differences
Board resignations, coupled with RBI cutting Rana Kapoor's term, raise corporate governance concerns, says ratings agency
Sources said RBI Governor Urjit Patel made a presentation about the state of the economy as well about the world economy to the ...
Lender's profitability remains under pressure, says ratings agency
The members, including government nominees, will press for some of the weak banks to be removed from the so-called prompt ...
World Bank's investment arm said that the proposed investment would demonstrate IFC's continued support to its financial ...
According to industry sources, shoe companies are contemplating increasing prices
An amendment in the IBC will clear any ambiguity regar­ding the rules on punitive action that can be taken by the regulator after ...
NHB has proposed the RBI to hike this lending limit for the company from 10 times to 12.5-13 times of the net-owned funds, which ...
The hedging reduction would help Indian firms borrow funds relatively cheaply as hedging cost added up substantially to the final ...
Interestingly, the day the rating was reaffirmed, the share price of YES Bank was down 50% in three months
The relaxed norms will apply to the ECBs with a maturity period between 3 and 5 years
Rana Kapoor had said he did not intend to sell his holding in the bank, even after he leaves the bank
The IL&FS group will shortly be launching the asset monetisation process for the sale of many other assets as part of its ongoing ...
The report said the move is likely to improve funding access for entities rated IND A or lower
A liquidity crunch had hit India's shadow banks in September and October after a major infrastructure funding company defaulted ...
Banks, which are aware of the retail car sales trend, are also apprising manufacturers of the critical situation and asking them ...
Last week, the RBI in its central board meeting decided the issue of banks under PCA will be examined by Board for Financial ...
When the IL&FS show did stop, risk management was nowhere to be found; fiduciary responsibilities were similarly absent
While cost reduction and recoveries from bad loans was on top of their agenda, the bank also has to grow its loan book for more ...
There have been as many as 18 top management changes in listed public sector banks, and another nine in the private banking space
Among the current crop of 11 banks under the PCA, the first to fall in line was United Bank of India in early 2014
In a far-reaching decision, the Jammu and Kashmir bank has been brought under the purview of the Right to Information (RTI) act, ...
Sources said the government had moved a proposal titled 'governance in RBI' at least six months back
RBI has not acceded to the government's demand of altering the risk weights assigned to the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises ...
The first blockchain project in the country went live some months ago
CCB is a relatively new concept, introduced under the international Basel III norms, which says that during good times, banks ...
The firm is slowly diversifying into other segments relating to real estate business as part of its initiatives to find varied ...
Move seen to empower state-owned banks to keep eye on defaulters
HDFC Bank is leveraging its geographical reach, digital offerings, and its complete suite of products in order to reach out to ...
Many have started buying loan portfolios from NBFCs and HFCs to provide liquidity push
India's 60 million MSMEs are broadly defined as businesses with annual revenue up to Rs 2.5 billion
Earlier, the Finance Ministry had asked PSBs to collect passport details of all those borrowers who have borrowed loans of more ...
At 21 per cent, buyouts delivered the highest median returns in exits by strategy
Bidding process started on Tuesday, received at least five offers including that of Axis Capital CEO Dharmesh Mehta
Experts say The bank's outlook and governance record has been marred after the resignation of three board members over the last ...
Former independent director of YES Bank Rentala Chandrashekar quit the board as he was not happy with the recent developments in ...
Rattled by the resignation of three Board members, Yes Bank, India's fourth largest private sector lender has got into the damage ...
RBI cuts short Kapoor's term till January 31, 2019
PM Modi wants to keep India's economy firing as he campaigns for re-election next year.
RBI Governor Urjit Patel has other ...
RBI move to ease norms may reduce govt's capital infusion burden by Rs 350 billion
Kapoor and Kapur have an acrimonious past and have also battled in the Bombay High Court
Former independent director says he was dismayed by recent developments and the way they were handled
LIC said it had in the past made several attempts to have a bank of its own, but its endeavours had failed
Over Rs 1.12 trillion in capital has been infused into PSBs since April 2017
Incorporated in April 2001, CCIL had consolidated revenue of Rs 6.7 billion in 2017-18
The first domestic blockchain project began few months ago, aimed at preventing frauds
A decision in this regard too was taken at the Board meeting held in Mumbai yesterday
According to Moody's, the track record of such dispensations on asset classification, when seen over the last few years in India, ...
Amid growing tension between the government and the central bank, the RBI board met Monday and discussed issues to boost funding ...
Banking system liquidity is in deficit in this holiday-shortened week and will get a hand from the RBI's open market operations, ...
The Reserve Bank of India will form a panel to consider the funds transfer to the government
In a nine-hour meeting at the RBI headquarters, the central bank's board decided to constitute an expert committee to examine the ...
Mumbai, 19 NovemberSBI Capital Ventures (SVL), an alternative asset management arm of the State Bank of India group, will float ...
The Board decided to constitute an expert committee to examine ECF
A crucial meeting of the RBI's central board was held on Monday amid a rift between the central bank and the government over key ...
In a clean-up exercise, private sector lender YES Bank is expected to overhaul its board after receiving nod from its promoters, ...
Rumours are rife that RBI governor Urjit Patel may step down.
Track updates on the crucial RBI board meeting
Gurumurthy and other government nominees have been vocal about bank supervision, flow of credit to industry and easier financial ...
The net interest income has shrunk sequentially since their loan book is growing at a slow pace or contracting in some cases
In the first fortnight of November, NBFCs were able to issue CPs worth Rs 1.03 trillion as against debt of Rs 726.8 billion that ...
Govt has made up its mind it will not use a contentious provision of the RBI Act to issue directions on its suggestions to the ...
It will also send a bad signal to global markets just as Raghuram Rajan's exit did, said Veerappa Moily
The commission had earlier issued a show cause notice to RBI Governor Urijit Patel for 'dishonouring' a Supreme Court judgment ...
Choksi has claimed that he cannot take a 41-hour flight to come to India due to a 'brain clot' and other medical conditions
The officers have also been provided special kits to help their banks extend more credit to MSMEs, while they have also been ...
Patel and his four deputies will present a united front, while a few independent directors too are expected to support the ...
In the same period last year, RBI was a net purchaser of the greenback, as it had bought $16.301 billion
These 21 public sector banks had posted a net loss of Rs 42.84 billion in the September quarter of 2017-18
The government can still have its way with the RBI by invoking a rule that hasn't been used in the central bank's 83-year history
A resource-strapped government covets the RBI's surplus capital
In 1979, a Special Secretary in the finance ministry called Manmohan Singh would give a sharp rap on the RBI's knuckles for not ...
Apex bank's fiat to appoint new CEO could impact lender's capital raising ability
The officials also said all these steps have been taken jointly by the government and the regulators after an extensive and ...
The bank will decide on the final name by the third week of December, at least a month before the RBI deadline of January 31
The partial credit enhancement  (PCE)facility by the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) for  non-bank lenders is unlikely to have the ...
Board to examine stringent capital norms for Indian banks
Andrew Holland, however, said his bullish call was based on the assumption that India does not get a 'messy coalition' government ...
NFC transactions account for 2-3% of card transactions in India
Most of the recent rise in RBI reserves has happened due to appreciation of the dollar
The state-run banking index has dropped nearly 25 per cent in the past 12 months
Former SBI chairman O P Bhatt has resigned from the panel set up by Yes Bank to find a successor to its MD and CEO Rana Kapoor, ...
RBI board member S Gurumurthy made a case for enhancing credit for the MSME sector
SBI has started to reap profits as a total of Rs. 260 billion has been deposited with them under PMJDY so far
Mehta said the committee is now in talks with potential sponsors for the AIF
Global rating agency S&P  Thursday said it's 'BB' long-term and 'B' short-term issuer  credit ratings on state-run IDBI Bank ...
"All of them (NBFCs) have been able to meet their commitment as far as roll overs are concerned," Kumar said
With this investment, the Indian billionaire now owns 5% in a Kerala-based Bank
Ashok Chawla continues to be director on the boards of the National Stock Exchange and Jet Airways
Manipulation, exploitation and eventual acquisition of Kanak Resource Management Limited has unearthed a raft of shady lending ...
Ashok Chawla's resignation is effective from November 14, 2018, the company said
One source said the RBI could agree to tweak restrictions on lending to improve credit flows for smaller companies with a ...
PNB owns 32.79 per cent stake in PNG Housing Finance
Raters need to share weights being assigned to risk-factors and rating action in different scenarios, say mutual funds
The ailing lender, which is under PCA regime, posted a drop in net interest income to Rs 13 billion
It's entirely up to North Block as the owner to find a way to get state-run banks out of the prompt corrective action framework
Until a few months ago, NBFCs were recruiting chief executive officers with annual packages of Rs 20-45 million
In the regulator's central board meeting, it will ask the RBI to ease provisioning norms for micro, small and medium enterprises ...
The gross NPA as a percentage of total lending stood at 22.69%, while net NPA stood at 14.36%
The bank has assessed a capital requirement of about Rs 18 bn to maintain capital adequacy according to Basel-III norms
The Reserve Bank Tuesday announced it will inject Rs 12,000 crore into the system through purchase of government securities on ...
The liquidity crisis at non-bank  lenders and higher interest rates seem to have rattled chief  financial officers (CFOs) of ...
The lender on Tuesday reported a net loss of Rs 18.22 billion in the quarter to September
This issue may come up for discussion in the upcoming board meeting on November 19
SEBI ordered CRAs to analyse deterioration in the liquidity conditions of an issuer, while monitoring its repayment schedules and ...
Fairfax agreed to invest around Rs 12 billion in the bank
Ever since IL&FS defaulted on some of its debt recently, the entire sector has been starved of funds
The stock of the bank closed 4.27 per cent down at Rs20.20 on the BSE on Monday
The new board has requested NHAI and Ministry of Road Transport to settle claims filed by IL&FS' companies for concessions
The Reserve Bank of India in December 2018 put BOI under the prompt corrective action (PCA) framework, allowing it to take ...
Just when the RBI could be most effective, government overreach has brought relations to a dangerous low.
Jaitley's comments come at a time when both the RBI and the government are witnessing a tense relationship that has spilled out ...
Bank credit grew 4.45% for the fortnight to October 12, the data shows
The entire board is appointed by the government under the RBI Act
Experts say, while larger non-banking entities are covered for their near-term payments, funding for fresh business may be a ...
The merger will be effected through an all-stock transaction of BFIL into IndusInd through a Composite Scheme of Arrangement
DEA Subhash Garg says discussions are on only over capital framework
The Reserve Bank Friday cancelled  the certificate of registrations of as many as 31 non-banking  finance companies (NBFCs) for ...
Indian Bank's total exposure to the NBFC sector is around Rs 204.77 billion
The total income of the bank increased by 5.23 per cent to Rs 51.29 billion during the quarter
Overall, most banks showed a reduction in gross non-performing loans (NPLs) and lower formation of new NPLs
Rating agency CRISIL in a statement said there had been some change in market sentiment over the past two weeks with gradual ...
As top 50 non-banking finance  companies need Rs 95,000 crore to repay debts, of which Rs  70,000 crore are commercial papers ...
But this will come as a growth booster for banks, which for long have been ceding credit market share to NBFCs, said DBS' ...
This is the govt's contribution in the preferential allotment of equity shares of the bank during the financial year 2018-19
The increase in overall PE investment value has been despite the number of deals this year being lower than last year, and the ...
The board had earlier approved the raising of Basel-III-compliant AT1 or Tier-2 bonds up to Rs 10 billion
While increase in liquidity provides comfort in terms of asset-liability management, near-term margin pressure continues
The report said being traditionally more conservative helps in withstanding crisis and early recognition of the problem leads to ...
Kolkata, 7 NovemberTo overcome a liquidity problem in the sector, micro finance institutions (MFIs) are coming together to sell a ...
The greatest impact of transformation is expected to be in the areas of payments, mobile wallets and lending in the next three ...
This follows a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in September to review the prevailing economic issues
If Patel departs it is likely to roil financial markets-traders
Two government officials and four deputy governors won't vote at the crucial meeting
Given the way the govt-RBI relationship has developed lately, nobody can be certain there will be no new twists or turns before ...
Ujjivan would use the funds for on-lending to MSMEs, SMEs and women-owned enterprises
Bankers said the asset quality cycle had turned for better, reflecting the effect of repayments after a rigorous follow up
Besides reviewing the single-investor limit, the regulator is mulling whether a liquid scheme is the right place for money meant ...
The NCLAT has adjourned the matter till November 13
People in the know say that rating agencies have responded to the regulator, explaining their stance on why they failed to act on ...
HDFC Bank has increased deposit rate to 7.25 per cent
for fixed deposits of 3-5 years from the earlier 7.1 per cent.
The bank said consent of the shareholders will be sought to issue equity shares for an amount not exceeding Rs 200 billion
The case against prime accused Harshad Mehta was 'abated' after he died in 2001
The big chill will come if SBI's $36 bn in advances to small and midsize enterprises are stressed, which may well happen if ...
Under the code of conduct, Chanda Kochhar didn't need to disclose third parties' investments in husband's firm, says bank
Kulkarni was a director in a Hong Kong-based "dummy" firm linked to Choksi
SBI chairman Rajnish Kumar in a media conference call said bank is back in profit after three quarters
Back then PM Jawaharlal Nehru, backed FM T T Krishnamachari and made it clear that RBI was part of "the various activities of the ...
CIC has asked Patel to explain why a maximum penalty should not be imposed on him for 'dishonouring' the court verdict, which had ...
Net profit fell 1.6% as provision accounts for 44 per cent of private banks' operating profit
Blockchain can ensure cost-effectiveness, quicker turnaround and also potentially unlock liquidity for businesses, HSBC and RIL ...
Most of the banks would be getting growth capital for expanding their lending, particularly to MSMEs
The Public Credit Registry would be the single point of mandatory reporting for all material events for each loan, ...
SBI has put up 11 non-performing assets (NPAs) for sale to ARCs and financial companies to recover dues of nearly Rs 1,019 ...
The board also reinstated functional responsibilities of R K Gupta
The bank earned Rs 4 billion in the first half of the current financial year
The private bank's net profit surged 83% to Rs 78.9 mn thanks to growing interest income and better provisioning
A decent cash recovery from resolution of Essar Steel, Binani Cement, Odisha Slurry accounts to help the lender reduce its NPA ...
Chola MS offers a wide range of insurance products across motor and non-motor lines of business through IndusInd Bank's outlets ...
Non-food bank credit of schedule  commercial banks rose 11.3 per cent to Rs 80.25 lakh crore in  September 2018 as compared to an ...
Analysts had expected a net profit of Rs 7.41 billion, according to Refinitiv data
Bank will issue 41,159 non-convertible, taxable, redeemable, subordinated, unsecured debt instruments
This finding was submitted to the Mumbai bench of the National Company Law Tribunal by the government-appointed board Wednesday
NPA provisioning for the quarter has declined 47% year-on-year to Rs 680 million
The loss was much bigger than an estimated average loss of Rs  14.38 billion based on the views of 13 analysts
Swamy said if Patel resigned then it would be a 'direct consequence' of Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's comments effectively ...
The first RBI governor to revive the importance of the role of the Central Board of Directors was Raghuram Rajan
The buzz in bureaucratic circles is that whether through written communication or informal channels, instead of negotiating on ...
Acharya has been a strong proponent of cleaning up bad debt on banks' books and is an active supporter of the PCA framework for ...
Bajpai, an ex-Sebi chairman, was one of the seven directors appointed on the company's board by the government
Accusing the NDA government of interfering in the functioning of the Reserve Bank of India(RBI), CPI(M) general secretary Sitaram ...
If IL&FS is sold in its present form, its toxic culture, which has for three decades involved inflating project values, will ...
Italy, India have the worst bad loan ratios among the top 10 economies
Global deposits improved by 11.18 per cent, while domestic deposits growth was higher at 15.95 per cent
IDBI Bank had said that LIC's open offer to purchase shares from the minority shareholders of the state-owned bank will ...
The government has written to the RBI hinting it may invoke Section 7 of the Reserve Bank of India Act 1934 - a provision that ...
The 10-year benchmark bond yield rose to 7.87% from its previous close of 7.83%
Moody's says the system, as a whole, is unprofitable due to high credit costs at dominant state-owned banks
A comprehensive and pragmatic view of the risk and finance functions is necessary
By end-March 2019, each CLC is supposed to achieve a net worth of a billion rupees, failing which there will be a big shakeout in ...
The RBI had proposed revising the revised PCA framework to the Ministry of Finance in September 2016
It moved into the black after posting a net loss for 10 consecutive quarters (since March 2016)
The bank plans to raise bonds up to Rs 10 bn in one or more tranches during the current or subsequent years
Mehul Choksi's prime argument was to seek cancellation of the ED's complaint against him under the Fugitive Economic Offenders ...
The capital infusion is part of the government's programme to help the bank in meeting capital adequacy norms
The company had registered a net profit of Rs 1.4654 billion in the July-September period of 2017-18
The benchmark one-year MCLR rate -- on which most of the retail loans are based--stands increased to 8.50 per cent
The withdrawal limit has been curtailed on Classic and Maestro debit cards, held by a large number of the bank's customers
The bank said the board of directors in its meeting held on September 24 recommended for the amalgamation of Dena Bank with Bank ...
Other options include splitting businesses according to verticals and disposing them off to several buyers or injecting liquidity ...
The meeting assumes significance as the FSDC is meeting for the first time after RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya raised issues ...
Kumar added that in wake of the IL&FS crisis, the SBI stepped up in a big way
Governments that do not respect central bank independence will sooner or later incur the wrath of financial markets, Acharya said
Instead of taking hard steps to reform PSBs, Centre continues to pass the buck and makes unwarranted insinuations, say retired ...
The bank had reported a net loss of Rs 15.3 billion in the July-September period of 2017-18
With a weakening rupee and a high current account deficit, export-oriented sectors look attractive, says Nimesh Shah
In November 2014, the RBI had granted 'in-principle' approval to 11 applicants to set up payments banks
The new rates would be effective from November 1
The company recorded a strong growth in the affordable segment both in value and volume terms and continues to enjoy comfortable ...
Analysts on an average had expected a loss of Rs 937 million, according to Refinitiv data
If the standoff with the government gets any worse, a test of the central bank's dire warning could come soon
Hitachi will contribute to the development and expansion of digital payments service in India by creating an online platform
Rajnish Kumar added that the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code has come as a 'very good tool' in the hands of the banks and the ...
Even bigger MFIs have cut their fresh disbursement due to liquidity crunch
NBFC-bank credit impact on residential realty market will lead to price corrections, project takeovers and consolidation, say ...
The UIDAI wrote to banks after it received legal opinion on the matter, in the wake of a recent Supreme Court verdict
Non banking finance company (NBFC) Manappuram Finance is in the process of reducing its reliance on the gold loan portfolio, by ...
With the acquisition, HDFC Bank's holding will increase from the current 5 per cent to 9.95 per cent
Single premium death benefit raised to 1.25x, as regulator focuses on innovations in product structures and marketing
Heads of six large public sector banks have assured the government of adequate liquidity in the system even as sectoral concerns ...
Viral Acharya said governments that invest in central bank independence will enjoy lower costs of borrowing, the love of ...
Mutual fund redemptions  amounting to Rs 2 lakh crore by investors following the IL&FS  crisis will help in supporting other ...
Net interest income rose 11% to Rs 64.18 billion in September 2018 against Rs 57.09 billion in the year-ago quarter
Personal loans rose by 18.2% in August 2018, up from an increase of 15.7% in August 2017
Association picks holes in merger of associates with SBI to build a case against amalgamation of BoB, Vijaya and Dena
YES Bank posted on Thursday its first drop in quarterly profit in at least three years, as the provisions for bad loans and ...
If a name does not unify the three, there could be continued clash of identities, which could splinter the brand even before it ...
The Board of Directors of IDFC Bank at its meeting Wednesday decided to seek approval of the Reserve Bank of India to rename the ...
Net interest income rose 28% to Rs 24.17 bn from Rs 18.85 billion a year ago; Other income up 18% to Rs 14.73 bn
The bank's gross Non-Performing Assets (NPA) reduced to 1.60 per cent of its total assets at the end of September
The ongoing liquidity crisis in NBFCs has "rattled" realty sector as this could hit fund inflows to developers as well as home ...
Paytm Payments Bank Thursday announced the appointment of Satish Kumar Gupta as its managing director and CEO.
Gupta brings over ...
The value of the cards can be topped with cash to spend at any of the three million merchant outlets that accept Mastercard
Mumbai, 24 OctoberAfter non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) tightened liquidity flow to property developers over the past ...
In the days ahead, the biggest challenge for Bandhan will be to find the right way to dilute promoter share
Total income was at Rs 24.53 billion for the quarter, up from Rs 23.65 billion in the same period of preceding fiscal
As many as 11 out of 21 banks are under the RBI's watchlist.
Of these, two banks, Dena Bank and Allahabad Bank, are facing ...
Karur Vysya Bank registered net profits at Rs 756.5 million during the corresponding quarter of previous year
Gross NPAs, fell to 1.91 per cent for the September quarter, against 2.14 per cent in the year-ago quarter
Revenue in the quarter was 6.175 billion euros, down 9 percent from 6.776 billion a year ago
The major cause of current banking crisis is huge asset liability mismatch
Paytm Payments Bank and Airtel Payments Bank were also barred from onboarding new customers earlier
The report further said that the deceptive malware in these apps may have stolen thousands of customers' account and credit card ...
RBI said it will decide on the quantum of purchase of individual securities
The agency said the investigation in this aspect is under process as it filed a fresh charge sheet in the case of Vadodara-based ...
The gross NPAs in the Indian banking system have accumulated to a staggering Rs 10 trillion
ICICI Bank in a regulatory filing Tuesday said the clean chit given to Kochhar in March this year was based on the inquiry report ...
The bank's growth in advances portfolio rose by a 37 per cent on year-on-year basis
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 5.98 billion in the year-ago period
Provisions and contingencies surged almost double to Rs 1.4 billion in the quarter against Rs 748.9 million a year ago
India's central bank eased rules last week to help the nation's non-bank lenders access loans more easily
Govt to pitch for alignment of PCA provisions with globally accepted Basel norms
IndusInd Bank made a contingent provision of Rs 2.75 billion against its exposure to the IL&FS group
The bank will be taking necessary approvals for allotment of requisite equity shares to the government in due course of time, ...
With multiple lenders chasing same set of borrowers in rural areas, signs of over-borrowing are now apparent in microfinance
Recognition of stressed assets is largely complete and new non-performing loan formation will moderate in the next 12-18 months, ...
JM Financial Consultants, Arpwood Capital and Alvarez & Marsal will advise the board going forward
SBI also received approval for an enabling resolution for raising equity capital
Housing finance company says it raised money in current month, is silent on interest rate
These architects of the global economy pride themselves on being brilliant, aloof and rational.
And then they wonder why they're ...
Outstanding credit growth declined to 13.2% between FY15 and FY18 from 18.2% between FY08 and FY15
IOB may exit RBI's Prompt Corrective Action framework by 2019-20
The provision will allow banks to free up Rs 500-600 billion of liquidity which banks can lend to NBFCs till December 31
Without appropriate supervisory constraints in place, such banks are in a position to delay the recognition of losses
The bank's net interest margin stood at 4.3% during second quarter of the 2018-19 financial year
For individuals, the rate has been increased to 7.75 per cent for deposits for 12 and 18 months
Debt-to-equity ratio jumps to 10-year high during FY18 as borrowings account for three-fourth of industry's incremental asset ...
The central bank argued that payments systems are a subset of currency and predominantly controlled by banks in India
A YES Bank spokesperson said Kapoor had acted in his role as promoter and not as the bank's MD and CEO
IL&FS had required a line of credit by August 15 and wanted to close the rights issue by September 15 to avoid any default
Banks also face a threat from tech giants such as, Alibaba and Apple
The overarching impact of monetary policy on payment and settlement systems and vice versa provides support for regulation of ...
RBI survey says manufacturers foresee hike in input costs, may raise selling prices; crude prices, tightening of financial ...
The RBI report said prices have been particularly tepid in the metros and Delhi
RBI enhances single-borrower exposure limit to 15% of bank's capital
This comes at a time when the liquidity crunch at NBFCs has compounded worries for the market as investors fear the situation may ...
For banks, the game will now be about resolution and not recognition of bad loans as seen in the past
It may appear that NBFCs are reading the tea leaves right on funding
In a letter to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the ICAI had stated that even the appointment of the chairman of the NFRA came ...
Two global personnel advisory firms, Korn Ferry and Egon Zehnder, will assist the Banks Board Bureau (BBB) to assess people for ...
Besides SuperTech, a large Mumbai-based realty developer is also reported to be on the path to default
The average rates appreciated by 2.5 per cent in 10 major cities when compared to the previous quarter
The bank has hired US-based advisory firm Korn Ferry to help with the selection process
The private sector lender's appointed committee is targeting to complete the recruitment process latest by mid December 2018, it ...
Denmark's largest bank is looking for a new leader after Thomas Borgen was ousted last month as the group struggles to deal with ...
The interest rate for Senior Citizens has been increased to 8.25% (8%) per annum for 12 and 18 months
Local data storage would not only allow the RBI to have unfettered access to the data but would also enable it to monitor payment ...
Disinvestment target of 2018-19 is likely to fall short of Rs 800-billion
Enables money transfer between wallets in first phase, with banks in second and through cards in third; 4-5 wallet players ...
IIFL Holdings is a leading player in the Indian financial services space
The report attributed rise in non-cash transaction to government's demonetization programme announced in November 2016
Crippled IL&FS group faced  Tuesday more embarrassments after India Ratings downgraded its  various mutual fund schemes and ...
The analysis focussed on the modus operandi, amount involved, type of lending loopholes that facilitated perpetration of the ...
While NPA ageing and mark-to-market losses will keep provisioning elevated, high funding cost and slower credit growth will ...
Net profit was Rs 2.66 billion ($36.08 million) in the quarter ended September 30, compared with Rs 2.64 billion a year earlier
Says there is uncertainty over recovery of advances/dues from subsidiaries, customers
Facing enquiry over the charges of nepotism and conflict of interest, ICICI Bank's former MD and CEO Chanda Kochhar had quit the ...
In some cases, exposure is as high as 12% of the fund's corpus; a few investments are also in AA rated papers that are relatively ...
The preferential allotment of shares is against infusion of Rs 17.90 billion by the government in the bank
Lender takes a one-time contingent provision hit of Rs 2.75 billion against exposure to IL&FS group; without this provision, its ...
PNB has already appointed the merchant bankers for sale of its asset in PNB Housing Finance Company
AnyTimeLoan.in has a minimum net owned fund of Rs 20 million
Founded in 2012 and headquartered in Hamburg, Germany, Kreditech operates in India, Poland, Russia and Spain
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 1.09 per cent at end-September
The report said liquidity tightness could lead to sharply higher financing costs for NBFIs
Says liquidity tightness might lead to sharply higher financing costs, or even difficulty in rolling over their liabilities
The order noted that some of the groups' companies are already undergoing the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process of the ...
The trust's dealings were ignored by everyone, perhaps in the hope that the institutions that owned IL&FS had adequate board ...
A committee has been set up with three internal and two external members to search for suitable candidates
The coming Tuesday had been set as a date for personal hearing, cross-questioning and recording of her statement
Pure-play MFIs have been a significant contributor to the growth in microfinance lending and have posted double the growth rate ...
He firmly believes that although BoB is a public sector bank, a lot can be done internally without government intervention
The saddest thing about the Bali meetings is that "Italy is seen as one of the greatest risks in the world," tweeted Davide ...
Such litigation challenges will impinge on the company's newly reconstituted board of directors from taking decisions
Bandhan Bank's capital adequacy ratio is in excess of 30%, one of the highest in the industry
Without the PCA imposition, he said some banks would have incurred even higher losses and required even more of taxpayer money ...
New board initiates austerity measures to rationalise operating and personnel expenses across all group entities and not just the ...
The newly-constituted board, headed by veteran banker Uday Kotak, met for the second time on Friday
The Reserve Bank of India had earlier barred the lender from opening new branches
India's banks have been plagued by a surge in non-performing loans which hit a record $150 billion at the end of March
Kotak had said the resolution will take some time and the board's focus is to preserve the fair value of the assets and the ...
India Ratings said the 15 top NBFCs have around Rs 5 trillion loan assets that are 'preferred for assignment or securitisation'
On September 25, the bank had announced plans to ask the central bank for an extension of Kapoor's term as MD & CEO, which led to ...
The open offer is in connection with the LIC's acquisition of 51 per cent controlling stake in the state-owned IDBI Bank
The total securitisation portfolio of NBFCs was Rs 836 billion on fiscal 17-18, down from about Rs 900 billion in 2016-17, ...
If the government-owned banks agree, the debt restructuring would help IL&FS tide over the immediate financial crisis
The new management at the beleaguered infrastructure finance company has also started moving on cleaning up the mess
Says will submit a strategic plan to RBI to pare stake
He retired from Canara Bank as the MD and CEO after serving for a period of three years from September 11, 2015 till July 31,
The bank is expected to see a merger of around 823 branches of 14 district cooperative banks and the State Cooperative Bank
Net profit rose to Rs 4.88 billion for the quarter ended Sept. 30, from Rs 3.31 billion a year
The 5 firms constitute for more than 50% of the entire group's revenue and may have diverted funds in projects that were worth Rs ...
Interest rates have shot up and a cash shortage has worsened after defaults by Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Ltd. ...
The bank's stock has plummeted since the RBI asked Rana Kapoor to exit as CEO by January 2019
With over 348 subsidiaries, IL&FS is said to have funnelled money, raised either from the debt market or banks, to these ...
IL&FS is facing serious liquidity issues and it, along with its subsidiaries, has defaulted on various debt repayments
The training programme will contain thought leadership courses, group exercises, simulations, including role plays and situation ...
Once cleared, these projects can be monetised
At present, the SBI's guidance for credit growth in FY19 is 10%
When the liquidity conditions are tight, RBI buys securities from the market, thereby releasing money into the market
HSBC said in a statement it has been working since the financial crisis to improve its internal controls and culture.
Muthoot Microfin, a microfinance company of the Muthoot Pappachan group, is looking at pricing similar to Credit Access Grameen
he bank had initially planned for growth of Rs150 billion through portfolio purchases
According to SBI's internal assessment, there may be an opportunity to buy additional portfolio in range of Rs 200 billion to Rs ...
The merger of the three banks would be through share swap
The rupee Tuesday hit a new record low of 74.27 against the US dollar in afternoon trade
The net asset value (NAV) of the credit risk fund took a hit of 5.17 per cent on Friday
It is the smaller players in MFI space that may face more headwinds in resource raising
Meanwhile, IL&FS Trans-portation, a subsidiary of IL&FS, said that it has also defaulted to interest payments for three tranche ...
Company says it has a healthy liquidity position standing at Rs 200 billion as of September 2018
Income-Tax department examining data received from RBI, FIU to check potential tax evasion
This will enable the reconstituted board to proceed smoothly and help the board to take important decisions: Ministry
Industry players said investors pulled out money fearing contagion risks from the IL&FS default
The NHB, a principal agency to promote and provide financial support to 97 housing finance institutions, had sanctioned Rs 88.35 ...
Gireesh BabuPunjab National Bank is well on its target of recovery and loan upgradation for the fiscal year with almost Rs 130 ...
FedFina is engaged in providing loans to individual and corporate borrowers, against the security of assets like gold and real ...
Global financial technology companies have reportedly sought an extension of the October 15 deadline
The RBI will tighten norms for NBFCs given that many are becoming systemically important
A spate of money market defaults by IL&FS has put the spotlight on non-bank finance companies
'Right now we are focussed on internal consolidation and we are not aspiring for any inorganic expansion'
Also, the off-market transactions undertaken by non-residents in line with FDI guidelines, qualified institutional buyers, ...
The government holds a 9.6 per cent stake in Axis Bank through state-owned entity Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India
The rescue was critical for PM Modi, who can ill afford a financial crisis months before he faces voters at the next election
Bank's stock has been falling drastically over uncertainty regarding its succession plan
Officials say while the govt will take to task anyone guilty of bringing the company to this state, it will also ensure that ...
This comes after the tenure of B Sriram who was appointed as the chief executive of IDBI Bank for three months ended in September ...
In the face of RBI's action, the bank had said that it will be seeking an 8-month extension beyond the curtailed down period till ...
The Reserve Bank Friday lambasted  non-banking lenders for their excessive reliance on short-term  funds, terming it as a "myopic ...
Sharma retired from as CEO of Canara Bank in July 2018; he replaces B Sriram, who headed IDBI Bank until September this year
Much of this can also be attributed to the troubles dogging the banking sector
Kochhar got several awards as a leading banker and business leader in India and made it to several global lists including Time ...
LIC made a public announcement for the open offer to shareholders, including retailers, as per the Sebi's regulations with regard ...
The rise in yields and the rupee would pose a huge challenge for the six-member monetary policy committee scheduled to announce ...
She championed many social causes but it was her inspiring rise to the top that was most admired
Kochhar has been on long leave to facilitate the independent investigation, which is being conducted by former Supreme Court ...
Kochhar made her reputation of a decisive leader and her style included a punishing work schedule
The bank's board Thursday also approved allotment of 339.8 million equity shares to LIC at a price of Rs 61.73 per share
Sandeep Bakhshi to succeed as MD & CEO of the bank
Sandeep Bakhshi's appointment will be for a period of five years until October 3, 2023
The preferential issue to LIC will raise up to Rs 20.98 billion for the bank
In a secret memo, the finance ministry said it was concerned that just Rs 28 billion of IL&FS securities owned by mutual funds ...
India's shadow banks need to securitize more of their loans
By relaxing LCR by 2 percentage points, the RBI freed up Rs 2 trn worth of liquidity in the banking system
In the past two to three years, close to 15-20 firms are focusing on lending to the informal sector.
One of the focus areas for the board will be to find ways to raise cash by selling assets
An internal inquiry has been initiated and the matter reported to the relevant authorities for investigation.
New bank expected to help agriculture, traditional works and self-employment sectors
The move comes in light of the rupee's drop to a record low on Wednesday triggered by a sharp rise in global crude oil prices
These preferential shares, including share premium, would aggregate to Rs 21.57 billion
I would like to specifically highlight the parts of the Bill, which, if implemented, urgently can drive the digital payments ...
The medium, small and micro enterprise (MSME) financiers and microfinance (MFI) sub-sectors saw 26 deals apiece during the period
If you were to compare profitability and return ratios, foreign players win hands down over state-run and even private banks
With the quarter and financial half-year ending, banking system liquidity was strained due to advance tax outflow and goods and ...
A performance matrix has been framed by the IBA and PSBs will be put in six different categories based on their profitability
The five-shareholder arrangement has not worked for UTI thus far.
It took more than two years for the AMC to appoint a new chief ...
An ousted director said that the nominee directors of the shareholders not only did not endorse the suggestions of raising ...
The lenders, especially public sector banks (PSBs) and institutions with exposure (loans and debt) worth Rs 570 billion, to ...
The deepening crisis in the  non-baking finance companies space may help commercial banks  re-emerge as a primary source of ...
Outstanding dues of big wilful defaulters of Punjab National Bank reduced marginally to 15,075.07 crore at end-August from Rs ...
At $9.2 billion, Q3 investments 60% higher than the year-ago period; $23.7 bn inflows in the first nine months of 2018 the ...
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs seems to have taken past lessons to heart while building a water-tight case in the IL&FS issue
NCLT said the new board must hold its meeting by October 8 and come out with a roadmap before the next hearing on October 31
Over 120 banks are now live on UPI in the country as on September
The dramatic move underscores the government's concern about IL&FS' defaults spreading to other lenders in the world's ...
With the revision, PNB's overnight marginal cost of funds based lending rate (MCLR) now stands at 8.2 per cent as against 7.9 per ...
YES Bank says fully geared for Rana Kapoor's succession
Even if financials aren't destabilised in the near-term, the stock may remain under pressure until promoters firm up on stake ...
The lender said it will finalise the two external members on a panel to search Kapoor's successor by October 7
Private sector lender Yes Bank Monday said the bank is fully geared up for the succession plan for the post of its MD and CEO and ...
The restriction comes weeks before the festive season.
Credit rating agency CARE had put some of its debt instruments on 'credit watch with developing implications'
Reserve Bank of India has decided to boost liquidity conditions in the market
IL&FS has appointed Alvarez & Marsal to devise a restructuring plan that will be implemented upon approval by the board and ...
On Friday, RBI withdrew the "general" permission given to Bandhan Bank to open branches and froze the remuneration of its MD and ...
Post-merger, the asset size of the new entity would be over Rs 14.5 trillion
The bank's current market value stands at Rs 484.6 bn, while that of Kapoor and his family is pegged at Rs 45.2 bn
Bank needs RBI approval to open branches; MD's salary frozen
NBFCs are facing the heat of a crisis at IL&FS, which defaulted on repayment of its commercial paper dues, leading to a contagion ...
Services sector loans expanded by 26.7% in Aug 2018, compared with 5% in Aug last year
Earlier this month, the LIC board had taken decision on the modalities and timeline for increasing stake in IDBI Bank to 51 per ...
The action was taken because of the bank's failure to bring down the non-operative financial holding company's shareholding to 40 ...
The YES Bank MD & CEO said in a series of tweets that he remained fully committed to the interests of the bank and its ...
Better capitalised and more conservatively run finance firms are likely to swallow up an increasing number of smaller rivals, the ...
Indian credit rating industry has come under scrutiny after the firms that assessed IL&FS, including the local partners of ...
It said BoB is likely to be the resulting entity post-merger and will become the third-largest Indian bank
IL&FS Transportation Networks' dim sum bond rose about 1 point to 49.1 on Friday
These allegations come at a time when Kapoor's tenure has been cut short by the RBI and all eyes are trained on finding his ...
The finance minister Tuesday committed capital support to banks after meeting heads of public sector lenders
The Reserve Bank of India allowed banks to dip further into statutory liquidity reserves to help them meet their liquidity ...
The RBI recently curtailed the tenure of Yes Bank's founder and CEO Rana Kapoor till January 2019
An "open-ended NBW" does not carry a time limit for execution unlike non-bailable warrants
These bonds will be issued at 29 authorised branches of State Bank of India
A fall in economic growth would be a blow to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party, which is already ...
The RBI said banks can now consider 2 percentage points of their statutory liquidity ratio as part of the liquidity coverage
The system liquidity is in ample surplus at this point
A steady decline in 10-year government bond yields beginning the second half of 2014 led to a sharp decline in borrowings costs ...
'If the bond market turmoil affects the macroeconomic stability, it would affect rupee even further'
State-run banks may not get capital based on their performance and reform measures
Bank deposits had grown by 8.88 per cent to Rs 116.45 trillion in the fortnight ended August 31, 2018
The country's lead lender also plans to sell a stake in SBI Card and SBI Capital Market, MD Rajnish Kumar said
The largest lender State Bank of  India Wednesday said it has not received any concrete proposal  for additional funds so far ...
The finance minister committed capital support to banks after meeting heads of public sector lenders
The action comes a day after another international rating agency Moody's affirmed ratings of Bank of Baroda, and kept outlook on ...
Many of the remaining 11 contenders are also in a precarious position; Indian Bank appears to be the only one to have the ...
The closure of the transaction was underway, subject to the fulfilment of all conditions precedent specified in the ...
The two institutions could increase their stakes through rights issue
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley held the annual performance review meeting of PSBs on Tuesday and discussed wide-ranging issues, ...
Jaitley said the financial inclusion index would create an element of competition among states with each of them vying for ...
The bank has set up a committee to find Kapoor's successor
Nomura India's latest report says the IL&FS group has a consolidated debt of Rs 910 bn
Financial Services Secretary Rajeev Kumar said banks expect to recover Rs 1.8 trn through IBC and other routes during the current ...
Targets branch network of 500 by March 2019
RBI could also consider buying more bonds from the open market and open a special window for mutual funds to inject liquidity, ...
About 41% of those debt papers, though, are due for refinancing in the current financial year, Credit Suisse has said in a report
Non-banking finance companies are also walking the extra mile to assure investors that they are in the pink of health
YES Bank to decide the future course of action after the RBI curtailed the term of its founding CEO Rana Kapoor
The purchase will happen through multi-security auction using the multiple price method
The central probe agency will seek Interpol red corner notices (global arrest warrants) against the brothers and other accused
The meeting will review annual financial performance of public sector banks, credit offtake in the economy, priority sector ...
Second-tier NBFC stocks are trading at 24.4x their trailing earnings, which is nearly twice their 15-year average of 13.9x
Rising redemption pressure complicates the situation for debt fund managers
IL&FS and its subsidiaries have defaulted on repayment to lenders in the current month and the group is facing severe liquidity ...
IL&FS assets are built for 30 years' return on 10-year finance, says Gurumurthy
We lend support to NBFCs within the regulatory policy framework and will continue to do so, says Rajnish Kumar
Assuring lending support to non-banking financial companies, SBI Chairman Rajnish Kumar Sunday said there was no concern on ...
The suggestions made by the private sector major covered issues ranging from timelines to limitation clause to applicable
In 2017-18, Fullerton India's disbursement stood at Rs 122.71 billion
Customers can also choose to pay for this short loan in 3 easy EMIs without putting any pressure on their personal finances
We have never dealt with IL&FS, says Hooda
We are strong fundamentally, and extremely liquid to take care of our day-to-day operations, says Wadhawan
YES Bank's loan book has grown 42.4 per cent annually over the past two years
The report based on insights of customers and senior banking executives in over 40 countries
The tax department feels the bank has violated norms and under-paid the tax, while the bank feels the opposite
The bank's gross non-performing assets stood at 16.66%, while net NPA was at 8.45%
According to State Bank of India group economist Soumyakanti Ghosh, the RBI can potentially pump in at least an additional $25 ...
Inter-creditor agreement guidelines also protect interests of third-party and exclusive security holders
Shanti Lal Jain and Vikramaditya Singh Khichi have been appointed as executive directors in the Bank of Baroda initially for a ...
SBI has exposure of Rs 170 billion in these projects
detection does not lead to punitive outcomes so that investment in detective vigilance does not guarantee the desired reduction ...
However, Kumar said India needs to reduce the number of state-owned banks through consolidation for better management
The government announced a merger of the three entities earlier this week, which will create the country's third-biggest lender
Moody's said Yes Bank will continue to outpace the industry in loan book growth, but added that while the capital buffers are ...
Kapoor earned the ire of the Reserve Bank of India by wrongly classifying loans he should have counted as nonperforming
Whether the merger constitutes meaningful reform at the present time is, however, open to question
Vijaya Bank assured employees that the service conditions 'will remain unaffected and staff benefits retained'
The recent announcement by the government to go in for an amalgamation of three public sector banks raises several ...
Capital infusion seen necessary for banks to maintain regulatory norms at the time of paying interest towards AT-1 bonds
The move to appoint five deputy managing directors from SBI is being seen as the government's effort to tap into the talent from ...
The bank and Kochhar have been maintaining there had been no regulatory violations on their part and that she was not aware of ...
Crisil Ratings in its report said the success of the three-way merger will be crucial as it will pave the revival path for other ...
RBI has asked the bank to start the search for Kapoor's successor
The Reserve Bank of India can sell an additional $25 billion, at least, in the foreign-exchange market, SBI estimates
Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas declined to comment on its relationship with Nirav Modi, who is on the run overseas
While some state-run lenders rose on Tuesday, most fell on concerns about eroding capital buffers and growing bad debt for buyers
Credit rating agency Moody's on Tuesday said the merger of these banks would bring benefits of scale and governance
A sliver of hope is if the RBI were to buy the plea that the inter-charge should not be looked at as a floor for customer-facing ...
A line of defence by IL&FS is that the mounting dues from various agencies were the prime reason for its liquidity woes
Typically, an interest rate defence of currency is meant to protect the real interest rate differential between countries
Negligible non-performing assets in the segment is a driving factor for banks
Lenders have made cash recovery of Rs 365.51 billion in the first quarter of the current fiscal
Shareholders also voted to clear the issuance of over 310 million shares to the government as part of recapitalisation of PNB by ...
Interested bidders are required to submit their expression of interest on e-bidding for these accounts which is slated to be held ...
In January the bank had set off accumulated losses with share premium amount, in an effort to spruce its balance sheet
Three into one gives Bank of Baroda an opportunity to innovate
The rating agency, however, expects that the merged entity will require capital support from the government, otherwise, such a ...
The merger seems to be grossly negative for Vijaya Bank and Bank of Baroda in the short term, as the negative net worth of Dena ...
But swap ratio should not be biased against stronger banks, say experts
Amalgamated entity to be third-largest lender; govt to continue to provide capital support
The rating agency has kept a stable outlook for private banks and two PSBs - SBI and Bank of Baroda.
The outlook for the rest of ...
The money was reportedly traced to banks in Cambodia, Thailand, Taiwan and Australia from the nostro account of UBI
The proposed long-term bank facilities have been assigned AA- rating from Crisil
The merger will create India's third-largest lender
The State Bank of India (SBI) has announced Prashant Kumar as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO).A Science graduate and a Law ...
11 PSBs are under the Reserve Bank of India's prompt corrective action framework
According to sources, no RBI representative turned up for the first and second meeting of the panel held on August 31 and ...
Banks have become very cautious with regard to diamond finance after the country's biggest fraud of about Rs 140 billion
The bank is planning to sell its entire stake in STCI Finance
During the August 15-September 5 period, the total deposits in 32.61 PMJDY accounts witnessed an increase of Rs 12.66 billion
In February, RBI, through a circular, subsumed all internal debt resolution mechanisms that were available to banks, and directed ...
The RBI proposes to purchase G-secs having five different maturity dates
The bonds, set to mature on September 15, 2028, carry coupon rate of over 9.11 per cent payable annually
The bank has been adopting this method after a Supreme Court appointed amicus curiae recommended closure of proceedings in all ...
Mallya left the country on March 2, 2016 while 13 banks moved the apex court four days later seeking its intervention to prevent ...
Merchandise exports during September quarter 2017-18 stood at $74.21 billion and non-oil exports stood at $65.17 billion
Punjab National Bank has put nearly two dozen non-performing accounts (NPAs) on sale to recover over Rs 1,320 crore.
The bank's ...
Punjab National Bank has put nearly two dozen non-performing accounts (NPAs) on sale to recover over Rs 1,320 crore.
The bank's ...
According to the RBI's February 12 circular, all resolution plans with a rating of RP4 are considered to have a moderate degree ...
It emerged last week that the Netherlands' number one bank paid $897 million to settle a criminal probe over money laundering
Centre may be gradually adding gold equivalent to the sale of sovereign gold bonds, says an analyst
'They have attacked my properties illegally without there being any basis of the same,' Choksi said
The bank had also recently raised $400 million through two syndicated loan transactions in Taiwan and Japan
The spike in borrowing could be explained by the possibility of liquidity turning tight ahead of advance tax outflow, which has ...
'A larger number of bad loans were originated in the period 2006-2008 when economic growth was strong,' said Raghuram Rajan
Keeping in view the uncertainty and higher costs of the fund, the bank has decided not to go ahead with the plan for the time ...
According to ED officials, Purvi Modi and other family members of Nirav Modi were the recipients of the proceeds of the crime
Firms availing loans needn't submit several other financial statements, bank says move will reduce paper work, cut lead time ...
With a strong candidate stepping at the right time, fortunes might turn in favour of the bank, say experts
Currently, Yes Bank's retail asset book size is close to around Rs 320 billion
Under the OMOs, RBI buys certain government securities from the market, which thereby provides liquidity to the system
IL&FS has been facing liquidity problems for some time now
Chaudhry will replace outgoing MD & CEO Shikha Sharma whose term ends on December 31
HDFC Standard Life Saturday said its board will meet on September 12 to consider appointment of new MD & CEO of the company after ...
Millennials constitute 47% of the country's working population and will be the primary contributors to economic growth
The bank further said it received communication from RBI on imposition on penalty on September 6
Several PSBs under the RBI's prompt corrective action highlighted the retirement of executives at various levels
Capital adequacy ratio of banks is considered to be one of the key indicators of banks' health
Data from the RBI reveals that massive amounts have been given to people in the name of agricultural loans even during the UPA ...
Kochhar has also apprised Sebi of the current status of outstanding loans to the Videocon group
Higher manufacturing growth rate gives "rise to serious doubts about the veracity of new estimates", said Dholakia
The total exposure of the bank in the power sector is about Rs 60 billion
The rise in MCLR will make home, auto and other loans costlier for customers
According to its 12-page document, reviewed by Business Standard, there are 80 different charges and restrictions for accounts ...
Lack of capacity at the NCLTs is turning out to be a big concern for the investors as well as lenders
As per the Sebi's takeover code, an acquisition of more than 25 per cent in a listed entity is termed as control and requires an ...
The All India IDBI Officers Association has also sought withdrawal of the approval given by the Insurance Regulatory and ...
Satin is hiving it off because 85% of its lending has to be micro finance lending, according to RBI rules
The bank is also in the process of closing its Hong Kong branch, which would release some capital
This is about 45 per cent of bad loans worth Rs 10.2 trillion standing in the books of the top 500 debt-heavy corporates
The mass casual leave programme was likely to have paralysed operations of the central bank and other major lenders across the ...
Madras high court said it will issue necessary orders to arrest all the officials and persons involved in the 'scam'
The apex bank has, however, excluded regional rural banks  from appointing IOs
As Urjit Patel completes two years in office as the RBI Governor, the jury is still out whether he has been a 'hawk or a 'dove'
Sources other than banks provided Rs 2.76 trillion of finance to the corporate sector in the same period
Nirav Modi's personal residence in New York has long been an apartment at Essex House, located at 160 Central Park South
Experience with independent unit for Mumbai region will be basis for taking decision any changes in other states
The MCLR for one year, a benchmark rate for most retail loans, increased to 8.45 per cent from 8.25 per cent earlier
SBI) has increased the lending rate by 20 basis points across all tenors up to three years
The IPPB will have 650 branches and 3,250 access points across the country
Ahead of India Post Payments Bank launch, men in khaki have been trained by NIBF
Private banks also saw higher credit growth than their public and foreign counterparts
The power sector loans are facing a slew of problems due to a changes in non-performing assets recognition after the February 12 ...
RBI should relax net worth and security rules to prevent interchange costs from shooting up, say banks
Gold reserves rose by $ 35.7 million to $ 20.763 billion
The divestment of the stake in the NSE is expected to fetch at least Rs 483.5 million to the bank
Bank deposits fell 719.00 billion rupees to 115.11 trillion rupees in the two weeks to Aug. 17
Dina Bandhu Mohapatra, Managing Director & CEO, Bank of India, elected as the body's Deputy Chairman
The move assumes significance as many big-ticket frauds have been reported recently from the banks
The Ministry said banks will remain open during the week, observing holidays only on Sunday, September 2, and second Saturday, ...
Urjit Patel also came down heavily on banks hiding their bad debts
Growth in credit card outstanding has been the fastest compared to other personal loan segments
Chanda Kochhar is currently under investigation for charges of conflict of interest over a loan given to the Videocon group, ...
Excess reliance on short-term debt poses rollover risks and hence liquidity risks for the borrowers
Cashless disbursements by NBFC-MFIs now account for 87% of the total disbursements
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said it has received RBI's approval for continuance of Rana Kapoor as MD and CEO of the bank ...
For a digital currency to be popular, internet penetration as well as digital literacy need to be greatly improved, say experts
Kochhar, the CEO and MD of ICICI Bank, had been sent on leave after the bank appointed former Supreme Court judge B N Srikrishna ...
One does not know, or for that matter may never know, whether Patel believed in demonetisation or not
The rapid-fire sales were described as part of a plan in which Modi and associates "fraudulently borrowed approximately $4 ...
The central bank seemed keen to extend the circular to non-banking financial companies (NBFC) as well
Once most popular among foreign portfolio investors, stock is trading at a discount to peers in private space
The rise in complaints was because of deficiencies in banking services
Rs 34-bn net worth already impacted, shows analysis of 10 most valuable firms
These numbers echo what the industry says: Feasibility of operations in rural areas is low
On June 30, 2017, the size of the bank's balance sheet was Rs 330.4 trillion
NPAs in public sector banks (PSBs) increased by about Rs 6.2 trillion between March 2015 and March 2018
IPPB services are slated for a nationwide launch by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 1
In a meeting this month, finance ministry officials also asked the Reserve Bank of India to suggest a time frame for the ...
Fresh slippages for the banking sector during Q1 of the current fiscal moderated to Rs 920 billion
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is unlikely to offer any premium for shares of IDBI Bank, say sources.The bank's board ...
Connivance of the PMO led by Shri Narendra Modi in the escape of Rs 234.84 billion PNB scam accused-Mehul Choksi, says Congress
The rating agency cautioned that GNPA and NNPA may be higher at 12.2 per cent and 5.6 per cent, respectively, in absence of ...
Banks will have to start resolution process for assets whose deadline is over
ASL has also applied for membership to the NCDEX to make available to its customers commodity futures currently active on this ...
The order will be a negative for large power generation projects belong to companies like Jaiprakash Associates, Lanco, GMR, KSK ...
The lender has published a list of new branch codes as well as the IFSC codes of these branches
The panel, which includes ex-PM Manmohan Singh as a member, wanted to know the reasons of ever-greening of stressed accounts ...
Power producers had approached the Allahabad High Court to prevent lenders from initiating insolvency proceedings against them
There are about 34 stressed power projects and the combined value of their outstanding loans is about Rs 1.74 trillion
Experts see increased hiring in tier-II cities for roles in sales, collection underwriting and risk
'The banks are the nominated agencies for import of gold.
There are very few banks active in their role as the nominated agencies ...
Liabilities of big willful defaulters of scam-hit Punjab National Bank (PNB) fell by 1.8 per cent to Rs 15,175 crore by July-end ...
EMV chip card protects against counterfeit (skimming) card fraud.
EMV chip card and PIN protects against both counterfeit ...
PSBs closed down 35 foreign operations last year
The bank is rated as 'Good' by the government with a score of 71 which is the highest category of performance
The cyber cell's aim now is to find out the 'money mules' who were used to withdraw the money using ATMs in foreign countries
RBI has taken several measures to restore public confidence in urban cooperative banks (UCBs)
The SBI chairman hopes to register an overall credit growth of 10% in the current year
The country's largest lender suffered a hefty loss of Rs 48.76 billion for the June quarter due to higher bad loans
credit availability to MSME sector getting 'squeezed' as PSBs are restrained from lending
Most of the public sector banks are saddled with a huge amount of bad loans pile up in their accounts
The RBI has mandated banks to identify projects with even a day's default as a stressed asset
Other lenders yet to come on board
Various options that Bandhan Bank was looking at to meet the shareholding norms, are merging the three entities - Bandhan ...
Kochhar, MD & CEO of ICICI Bank, is currently under scrutiny for her role in extending loans to the Videocon group, a conflicted ...
On the latest quarterly losses posted by the bank, Chaturvedi said they were due to RBI norms
Holistic balance sheet growth remains key task despite accelerated journey in bourses
Reddy said a "strategic view" should be taken when it comes to the merger of banks
He further said that the RBI should refrain from over-regulation and encourage banks to take risks
The bank has partnered with Fintech companies for various B2C solutions ranging from wallets, payment gateways, digital lending, ...
In June, the bank's board of directors cleared issuance of up to 100 million new shares
It implies that 18,135 ATMs at present are not able to dispense new currency notes
He further said that pending the report Kochhar remains the CEO of ICICI Bank
Good days for many Indian companies in the offshore loan market may soon be over, just as local lenders struggling with mountains ...
The state Level Bankers Committee, Kerala, at its emergency meet on Tuesday also decided to announce a moratorium on education ...
There will not be any change in ICA document.
IBA will issue operational guidelines, says Sunil Mehta
Chanda Kochhar is also a director for ICICI Lombard General Insurance, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company and ICICI ...
A list of unbanked villages has been prepared and shared with the banks
The RBI asked IL&FS Financial Services, a 100 per cent subsidiary of IL&FS, to bring its exposure down within a year
IBA's legal advisor to hold bankers meet on Sept 7
Vishwanathan said formalisation of Medium, Small and Micro enterprises (MSMEs) is important for financial stability of the system
According to financial ministry data, the SBI collected Rs 24.34 billion for the financial year 2017 in penalty on ...
Of the total formal credit of around Rs 100 trn, only 25% is extended to MSMEs currently
Usha Ananthasubramanian was the MD & CEO of PNB before moving to Allahabad Bank, from where she was dismissed as MD & CEO on Aug ...
On July 2, the Interpol had issued a Red Corner Notice (RCN) against Nirav Modi under money laundering charges levelled by the ...
For the month of April 2017, SBI recovered Rs 2.35 billion as penalty
Urjit Patel had said in June that no central bank nominee should be on the board of PSBs in a bid to avoid "conflict of interest"
The aim is to conclude the sale before the end of September to get the benefit of reduction in NPAs and better recoveries in the ...
Three insurers are yet to appoint a merger consultant, while private rivals are cornering the market
The updated payments system comes with new features such as the ability for people to link their overdraft accounts to the UPI
Persistent efforts of recovery from a variety of loans - large-size, medium-size and small enterprises, retail and farm sector - ...
The rating downgrade factors in the bank's weak financial performance
Founded in 1996, Star Health was the country's first standalone insurance company and claims to be the largest such domestic firm
RBI's licensing norms require a bank to bring down promoter holding to 40 % within 3 years of operation - which, for Bandhan ...
Department of Financial Services Secretary Rajiv Kumar expressed confidence that PSBs will come out of the PCA this fiscal year
The IPPB, which has already been delayed by several months, is currently running pilot services in Raipur and Ranchi
The bank is looking for a social media service provider who can assist in creating and managing a strong social media presence
The fraudulent transactions were carried out on August 11 and August 13 and the malware attack by the hackers originated in
Some of the accounts include Videocon, Jindal Steel and Power, the official added
Tightening of the disclosure norms is aimed at helping banks recognise their stressed assets as non-performing more uniformly and ...
The Indian banking industry went in shudders on Tuesday after the Cosmos Bank admitted that it fell victim to an international ...
A consent application is typically filed when the aggrieved party wants to settle the case without the main hearing
Joshi alleges that domestic coal as well as the country's hydel resources cannot be used to generate power for exports
Gross NPAs stood at Rs 250.67 bn at the end of June 2018, against Rs 210.32 bn in the year-ago period
Most investors remain worried over absolute returns, owing to rising interest rates, crude oil prices and upcoming elections, ...
For overnight and one-month tenor loans, the MCLR are increased by 0.05 per cent each to 8 per cent and 8.25 per cent
State-owned Allahabad Bank today said Usha Ananthasubramanian no longer heads the bank following the Finance Ministry directive ...
The unidentified hackers had executed money transfers on two separate occasions -August 11 and August 13- which raises the ...
The total income of the bank for the quarter under review also declined to Rs 64.02 billion, as against Rs 67.03 billion a year ...
Net NPA ratio, however, improved to 7.32 per cent (Rs 104.1 billion) as against 8.96 per cent (Rs 128.68 billion)
Ananthasubramanian was MD and CEO of PNB between August 2015 and May 2017 and served as ED at the bank between July 2013 and ...
Sukthankar was considered the most likely successor to HDFC Bank Managing Director Aditya Puri, who retires in October 2020
In a regulatory filing last week, the bank announced Sukthankar's resignation without citing any reasons
Indian banks need to improve capital base against mounting bad debt and poor financial performance, Fitch said
BCG roped in to measure bank-wise performance of reforms agenda and present a report card
38% of infra, power firms assigned 'D' rating in 2018 are from renewable energy sector
Akila Krishnakumar and Anil Tiwari are appointed as non-executive independent directors
This applies more to large value transactions, say experts
The bank's provision coverage ratio improved for the June quarter to 56.49 per cent, from 51.13 per cent in the same period last ...
The GNPA increased to about Rs 298 billion in the last quarter, against Rs 250 billion in the same period last financial year
A management graduate from Harvard, Sukthankar has been a member of various RBI committees
Total provisions and contingencies more than doubled to Rs 192.28 bn in Q1FY19 from Rs 89.29 bn in Q1FY18
In the last quarter, SBI accounted for net mark to market losses on investments of Rs 58.93 billion
During the Question Hour, he said that 6,950 branches have merged with SBI post amalgamation of banks
The provisions for bad loans were raised substantially to Rs 20.38 billion for the June quarter of FY'19 from Rs 12.04 billion a ...
The bank said its board of directors places on record its appreciation for the contribution made by Sukthankar in his long ...
LAPL is a coal-fired power subsidiary of debt-laden infra firm Lanco Infratech, which itself is currently undergoing insolvency ...
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 10.69 per cent from 10.91 per cent in the previous quarter and 9.97 per ...
Bank credit growth grew to 12.94 per cent as of the end of June 2018 on a year-on-year basis
The department has also attached 173 paintings and artworks and filed four prosecution cases against Modi
SBI chairman Rajnish Kumar, while announcing FY18 results, had said the year gone (Fy18) by was one of despair
India is trying to bring back Choksi from Antigua under the provision of a law of the island nation which provides for ...
HDFC Bank has more than 35 million credit and debit cards issued in India, while PayPal is available in more than 200 markets ...
The lender expects to raise nearly Rs 7-8 billion from the sale of its earlier head office in New Delhi
Quick resolution in NCLT; Q1 earnings could be precursor to asset quality movement
The RBI had last year transferred a surplus of Rs 306 billion as dividend to the government for the year ended June 30, 2017
Net NPAs fell to 3.79 per cent (Rs 59.98 billion) from 4.05 per cent (Rs 52.38 billion)
Never accepted any private or PSU directorship.
Not even audit of PSUs or private company, say Swaminathan Gurumurthy
The RBI follows July-June financial year
Modi on August 21 will launch India Post Payments Bank (IPPB) with 650 branches across the country, which will pave way for the ...
Post the transaction, IDBI Bank would become a subsidiary of LIC, which will have 51 per cent stake in it
State Bank of India too has reduced the pace of opening new branches, after its associates banks were merged with it in 2017-18
As a result of higher recovery, the bank's net NPA declined to 10.58% in Q1 from 11.24% in the previous quarter and gross NPA ...
A $30 billion IPO target for SoftBank Mobile is over-ambitious
The committee stated that RBI should have engaged more in consultations with stakeholders on the matter before resorting to ...
Capital adequacy ratio as on 30th June 2018 stood at 23.8%
The provisioning coverage for bad assets in the June quarter also increased to Rs 12.44 billion
The information presented in the Lok Sabha covers 19 nationalised banks
Stock of Syndicate Bank closed 2.65% down at Rs 44.10 on BSE
The deposit of maturity 6-9 months would earn 6.75 per cent, 40 basis points higher than previous rate
Bonus paid to top management is approved by the bank's board and sent to the Reserve Bank of India for approval
The bank is expecting slippages to be about Rs 40 billion in the current financial year
At least five central banks, across the emerging and the developed markets, have announced their monetary policies over the last ...
In June 2018, the non-food bank credit rose 11.1 per cent as against a rise of 4.8 per cent in the same month last year
ICICI, however, seems to have a lion's share of the market
With the acquisition of a majority stake, LIC is expected to appoint at least four members on the bank's board
The Antiguan authorities found two instances of Sebi action against Choksi's firms in 2014 and 2017 and sought more information ...
Since 2016, the interest rates of the 12 small savings schemes have been reviewed quarterly
Provisioning for NPAs also increased to Rs 15.1 billion from Rs 11.57 billion in the year-ago period
Housing Development and Finance Corp (HDFC) on Thursday announced increasing its lending rates by 0.20 percentage points, a day ...
Total gross NPA ratio for private banks during the quarter stood at 4.5 per cent, against 4.06 per cent in the April-June 2017 ...
Mortgage lender HDFC hiked home loan rates by 20 bps.
Women can take a loan up to Rs 3 mn at 8.70%
For women borrowers, loans up to Rs 3 mn will be available at 8.70% and above Rs 3 million at 8.8%
Choksi had taken the citizenship of Antigua in November 2017, and oath of allegiance on January 15 this year, the officials said
IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, has announced investment of Rs 1.6 billion ($25 million) in Mahindra Rural Housing Finance ...
As a consequence of migrating to the IND-AS accounting standards, the net-worth of the company has risen by Rs 2.4 bn to Rs 28.6 ...
There is no principal repayment liability for initial three years and after that, the repayment would be done in 14 equal ...
For deposits of up to five years, interest rates are 4% as compared to 3.93%
Launched in 2015, RenewBuy ranks among the top two online insurance aggregators
The RBI raised interest rates to the highest in 2 years to tackle inflationary pressures
While the bank came under SEC's scanner earlier this month, SEBI issued a show-cause notice to Kochhar and the bank in May 2018
Sources said the RBI wanted to check the eKYC process
CEO Chanda Kochhar will be on leave till completion of the external enquiry against her in the Videocon loan matter
Kochhar is now under scrutiny on allegations of conflict of interest regarding loans extended to the Videocon group
Raising rates now avoids the risk of more aggressive tightening later
The private sector banks with the most asset quality trouble, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank, said that this quarter's slippages were ...
The bank expects to commence operations in September
The bank said it was trying to sell non-core assets and in the second quarter would see better realisation of assets through sale ...
HDFC Bank is an investor favourite at a time when India's banking sector has been plagued by a record $150 billion in ...
Shares of the bank closed 8.75 per cent down at Rs 94.35 apiece on BSE
Basic banking services including Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana are provided without any charges
The bank noted that NPA additions during FY19 are expected to be significantly lower than in FY18
Banks categorised an increasing proportion of weak loans as NPLs due to more stringent requirements by the Reserve Bank and ...
A rise in bad loans led to a higher amount to be parked for provisioning for bad loans at Rs 22.6 billion
The bank had last revised its interest rate on May 28, ahead of second bi-monthly monetary policy for 2018-19 announced on June 6
He recommends the government start by allowing banks' boards to hire their own management and free them up to decide strategy
India witnessed just 3.5 per cent average growth in the IIP in five years from 2012-13 to 2017-18 against average 6.3 per cent in ...
Since the bank adjusted its rates in both directions, a clear rate signal is not evident
In the June quarter, Axis Bank saw a 74 per cent fall in incremental bad loans to Rs 43.37 billion, compared with the March ...
Its loan book grew by 18.5 per cent at Rs 3.71 trillion at end of June 2018 as against Rs 3.13 trillion a year ago
It, however, improved on a sequential basis, with GNPAs down 25 basis points from the March quarter of 2017-18
Issuer may offer discount up to 5% on floor price, seeks to raise Rs 155 bn
Gross non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans fell to 6.52 per cent at end-June, compared with 6.77 per cent three ...
Income of the Central Bank of India fell to Rs 59.04 billion in first quarter of 2018-19 from Rs 68.70 billion in the same period ...
HDFC has also been allowed to raise up to $1.5 bn by tapping foreign sources through the external commercial borrowing route
Customers can access their IPPB account through mobile app but it will have limited services
Irdai has already asked insurers to take steps to identify the policyholders or beneficiaries and disburse the claims
Higher provisions take toll on bottom line; bank's net interest income rose 9% on YoY basis to Rs 61.02 bn in the current quarter
The company is planning to raise $500 million for the unit, a model to be used to equip shopkeepers with technology, logistics ...
Bank of Baroda had posted a net profit of Rs 2.03 billion in April-June last year
The banks would need approval from the government for such a move
The SEC queries to senior ICICI officials included a request for information on the bank's accounting practices during five years ...
The company took a mark-to-market loss of Rs 926.7 million in the first-quarter
Asset quality of the bank improved sequentially with surprise rise in cash recovery in Q1 of FY19
The RBI started this punitive action these bank's bad loans ballooned to high double digit levels
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans was 11.05 per cent at end-June, lower than 11.84 per cent three months earlier
Provisions other than tax for the quarter was Rs 4.22 billion
Currently, Moody's assumes a 'very high' level of support from the government for the bank
HDFC MF is the second IPO from the HDFC group after HDFC Standard Life's maiden offering in November 2017
The FII ownership in HDFC Bank is legally capped at 74 per cent and the current aggregate investment is 73.13 per cent
Employees of IDBI across the country are planning to go on a strike on August 30, 2018 to put pressure on the Government not to ...
Post the recent incidents, banks and other financial institutions have become stringent and are insisting on a much higher ...
RBI's monetary policy committee will start its rate review meeting from July 30 and is expected to announce its call on August 1
RBI has informed that the total amount of Notes in Circulation as on July 18, 2018 was Rs 19.28 trillion as compared to Rs 17.74 ...
Reliance Nippon Life Insurance Company today said its total premium grew by 8 per cent to Rs 755 crore in April-June quarter ...
Among the key metrics, the bank's net NPAs remained unchanged at 0.5 per cent of the net advances as on March 31, 2018
During the quarter, the provision coverage ratio jumped to 61.18 per cent from 56 per cent in the same period a year before
The preferential allotment of equity shares to government will be made after completing the process of regulatory approvals
Among the key metrics, the bank's net NPAs remained unchanged at 0.5 per cent of the net advances as on March 31, 2018
Since charges are restricted to procedural lapses without any criminal intent, board will take a decision in that light
India's reserve position with the IMF also declined by $ 13 million to $ 2.476 billion
Gems & jewellery, garment sector top the chart in claims
Lenders are seeking 200% collateral and unusual compliance to avoid loan disbursement
The new note in the Mahatma Gandhi (New) Series has a base color of Lavender, unlike the current Rs 100 denomination note which ...
Total income up 15% YoY to Rs 99 bn; Gross NPA at 1.93% for the quarter, against 2.24% a year ago and 1.95% in the immediately ...
Kochi recorded the highest sequential rise in the HPI at 11.2%, while Kolkata recorded a minimal rise of 0.5% in the HPI, for the ...
Published daily, Libor is an interest rate benchmark, or the basis for many other interest rates
The bank's provision coverage ratio grew by 250 bps over the previous quarter to 60.41 per cent
The public issue of secured redeemable non-convertible debentures will offer an interest rate of 9.45 per cent per annum for ...
RBL Bank's gross non performing assets (NPAs) decreased to 1.40%
While there is no clear trend for the sector as a whole, the quarter may be in favour of private banks
Insurer's stock portfolio has underperformed the Sensex
Bankers will have to start making effort to resolve the assets before going to NCLT.
If we start referring every issue to NCLT, ...
HDFC MF has had a history of stock options and gave additional ESOPs to key staff a few months ago
Bank eyes total loan book size of Rs 100 billion by end of FY19
The govt prescribes monetary penalty and jail term which could be extended up to 10 years for duping gullible depositors
The bank's shares were trading at Rs 580.25 apiece on BSE at around 1.15 PM, up 3.25 per cent
The bank charged Rs 320 million as penalty in the first quarter of FY18, Rs 290 million in the second, Rs 370 million in the ...
Buyers didn't go-ahead with the deal as at valuation of Rs 35 billion, IDFC was looking for an earnings multiple of 65 times its ...
PNB, hit by Nirav Modi scam, will get the highest amount of Rs 28.16 bn out, while Allahabad Bank to get Rs 17.9 bn
The independent audit committee investigating the alleged irregularities in  31 NPA accounts of ICICI Bank has hired a law firm ...
Getting the right people would be key; ex-CEO of DHFL Pramerica MF Suresh Soni in the running to head Yes AMC
In May this year, the finance ministry had begun the process of ascertaining the amount of capital to be infused into PSBs this ...
Many Indians were forced to get bank accounts when Modi demonetized 86 percent of India's cash overnight in November 2016
The specific timing for capital offering will depend on market conditions
CEO Mehta said the bank will go to the market to offload the stake in the housing finance subsidiary at the right time
Bank's first CLPC is located at Connaught Place branch in New Delhi
The bank would also get accounts of about 220 million policy holders and subsequent flow of fund
Having received the approval from its board, state-owned LIC will now approach markets regulator Sebi
More players in the BFSI segment are set to deploy AI-based fraud detection and prevention tools and chatbots/voicebots for ...
The remaining amount will be covered in the three quarters of the current fiscal year
Due to successive capital infusion in the NPA-ridden PSBs, the government holding in them has increased and the public float ...
The 124-year-old PNB is trying to regain its financial health and credibility following the uncovering of a $2 billion fraud this ...
Prior to HSBC, Malhotra worked at Rothschild India, where he advised on the Idea-Vodafone merger, restructuring and capital ...
Prior to HSBC, Amitabh worked at Rothschild India, where he was the co-head and managing director of the Global Investment Bank
In June, the Reserve Bank of India raised rates for the first time since 2014 and revised its inflation forecast for the fiscal ...
DBS is a big project and infrastructure finance house, rated among the top three or four in Asia
Some analysts question whether SBI's bond sale will revive offshore issuance even if its deal is successful
In its digital transformation initiatives, FGII launched in-house motor claim settlement platform i-Moss in 2016 that ensures ...
The Coordination Committee of Bank, Insurance and Finance Unions has decided to organise dharnas in all state capitals on July 14
Uncertainty over staff participation, lack of clear structure key obstacles
Searches were conducted at 17 places in Mumbai, Raigad, Malegaon, Amravati, according to a CBI official
Though the number of urban branches has been falling and that of rural, rising, it is the latter that is struggling to cope with ...
LIC's name will be tagged to the lender's name as a part of rebranding
ICICI Bank is also grappling with management shuffling with Chanda Koccha
The existing ratings factor is in the sovereign support
CASA (Current Accounts-Savings Accounts) Ratio improved to 43.42 per cent against 37.78 per cent in June 30, 2017
Insurance regulator Irdai has already given its approval to LIC for the stake purchase, a move which will help the debt-ridden ...
Axis Bank today said it has shortlisted three candidates to succeed the MD & CEO Shikha Sharma, whose term is due to expire in ...
The company in future plans to focus on retail segment and build a 'plug and play' system for their partners
Green bonds are regular bonds, the proceeds of which are used to fund sustainable green projects
The financial institution that became a bank has a history that would have made it awkward for the government to sell stake to a ...
'WMA' are temporary advances given by the RBI to government to tide over any mismatch in receipts and payments
Achievement for farm sector is 72.62% of the credit target of Rs 312.08 bn; state surpasses MSME lending target
Central banks have earmarked an average of about 14 per cent of their assets for non-traditional investments, a survey showed
During 2017, the CBI had registered 939 regular cases and as many as 9,383 cases were pending in various courts at the end of the ...
Out of 21 public sector banks, 13 have already taken the approval of their boards or shareholders for raising capital through the ...
There are several small banks that don't have proper means to appraise loan proposals, in such cases, a central agency to look at ...
As per NPCI data, the number of transactions through IMPS crossed 100 million mark in March 2018 and touched a high of 120.4 ...
PNB suffered a standalone net loss of Rs 122.82 billion in 2017-18, as against a profit of Rs 13.24 billion in 2016-17
The RBI's June 29 circular said it would take punitive action against auditors, mainly in case of divergence in provisioning ...
Successful resolution of bad loans currently under the NCLT and govt's plan to infuse an additional $11  bn as capital in FY19 ...
This special case is a fallout of the financial scam that rocked the economy of the nation in the era of Harshad S Mehta, the ...
V V Agnihotri and P K Shrivastava, retired GM and DGM respectively, had allegedly granted undue favours to DPIL in granting ...
The process of e-bidding for the sale of these accounts will happen on July 7, 2018, the bank said
The meeting called by Indian Banks Association was also attended by Finance Minister Piyush Goyal, who had accepted the report of ...
After submitting a five-point plan to fight toxic assets, Mehta's job has only just begun
HDFC Bank has been one of the biggest gainers
Cryptocurrency trade in rupees will stop from midnight, while exchanges or cryptocurrency companies will now be unable to avail ...
Bond yields moved up from 6.5 per cent level last August to nearly about 8 per cent by May
Kochhar did not respond to the notice by the June 7 deadline
A first among private peers; now aims for Rs 2 trillion home loan book by FY20
It has also enabled an online repository of 30,000 approved projects across 40 cities
For loan of a three-year tenor, the borrowing rate will be costlier by 0.50 per cent to 9.25 per cent
The meeting has been organised by Indian Banks Association (IBA) and inter creditor agreement would be the framework under which ...
The lender said it has recruited a team to establish the operations under the guidance of the Board of Directors and trustees
The bank will create these SIBs across the country as part of its credit restructuring exercise
HDFC Bank CEO Aditya Puri said that all the facilities which are available in cities will be made available to people in rural ...
As of March 2018, outstanding unsecured loans stood at around Rs 5 trillion, accounting for 26 per cent of retail lending, ...
SBI indicates it could put in Rs 100 billion for stressed asset resolution
Axis Bank topped the league table, with Citibank coming a close second
While the total disbursement of housing loans by PSBs as well as HFCs witnessed a deceleration in 2016-17, there was significant ...
The ED will file an application under the recently-promulgated Fugitive Economic Offenders Ordinance
PNB's Brady House branch in Mumbai had fraudulently issued LoUs for the group of companies belonging to Nirav Modi since March ...
Gross salary of the chief executive came in at Rs 48.8 million for the 2017-18 fiscal.
Additionally, there were 5,40,000 stock ...
In unfortunate eventuality of govt failing to review its stand in the matter, officers, employees of IDBI Bank will be left with ...
The 123-year-old bank has lost more than half its market value since the fraud came to light in late January
Value of transactions rose 22% from Rs 332 bn to Rs 408 bn between May and June
Modi has managed to travel across several countries even after information about his passport being revoked was flashed in the ...
The proposal was approved by shareholders at the bank's annual general meeting held on June 30
The remuneration drawn by Puri and bank employees, in terms of ratio, stood at 209:1 meaning he took home 209 times more than the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) on Monday announced appointment of Arijit Basu as the Managing Director.A graduate in Economics and a ...
The results of the deal are visible as IDBI's stock surged about 12 per cent during Friday's trading session with an expected nod ...
Insurer has also made fresh investments since December 2015 quarter when RBI told banks to recognise bad loans
The mutual fund house, which manages assets over Rs 3 trillion, had made a private placement of shares worth Rs 1.5 billion to ...
In a business as usual scenario, the RBI expects bad loans to rise to 12.2 per cent by March 2019
Sriram has been working as the MD (Corporate and Global Banking) in SBI since July 2014
The development assumes significance as Sriram was recently appointed the chief of financially troubled IDBI Bank
LIC, which holds stakes in several banks, will also need the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) approval to own such a large stake ...
Chaturvedi's appointment for three years is effective from Sunday or 'the date of receipt of RBI approval for such appointment, ...
Bank executives said the proposal was moved by representative of the government, which holds a majority stake in Pune-based bank
Any action taken on an audit firm, including serving a caution notice, will be communicated to the ICAI, and such communication ...
Last week, Economic Offence Wing of Pune police arrested Bank of Maharashtra's MD and CEO Ravindra Marathe
IDBI Bank is grappling with mounting toxic loans with gross non-performing assets rising to a staggering Rs 556 bn
This will ensure improved turn-around-time, separate Pre- and Post-sanction responsibility and enable qualitative credit ...
This clarification came following news reports saying that insurance regulator Irdai may approve LIC's proposal to pick up a ...
The bank will now send Chaturvedi's name to the Reserve Bank of India for clearance
The board of Irdai, which is meeting on Friday, may grant exemption to LIC from the rule that bars an insurer from holding more ...
The appointment of the new chairman comes at a time when ICICI Bank is battling one of its worst management crises
In December 2017, the government issued a gazette notification agreeing to waive off fee from digital transactions up to Rs 2,000
Sriram is the longest-serving public sector bank MD and has wide experience, including in stressed assets management
The bank had recommended payment of Rs 6 per share last month for the year ended March 31
According to the present regulation, an insurance company cannot own more than 15% in any listed financial firms
Most supporters point to the success of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) in the United States in the aftermath of the ...
Moody's said India's large and relatively stable domestic financing base limits external vulnerability
Indian Bank's Board on May 10 has recommended for payment of dividend at Rs 6 per share of the equity capital for 2017-18
As per the banking sector agenda approved at the PSB Manthan in November last year, public sector banks (PSBs) were asked to ...
While delinquency rates for credit cards and home loans rose moderately by 9 basis points and 4 basis points, respectively, loans ...
PNB, Allahabad Bank and United Bank have already announced plans under employee stock option schemes
The CBI had earlier booked Bhatt along with others under IPC section 420 (cheating) and relevant sections of Prevention of ...
The report found robust growth in all consumption lending products consumer durable loans, credit cards and personal loans - ...
The Bank is hopeful of raising close to Rs 5 billion from sale of non-core assets
The ED is understood to have sought Modi's extradition from the UK, Belgium, and a few other countries
Under the current macroeconomic environment, GNPA ratio of scheduled commercial banks may rise to 12.2 per cent of the advances ...
NBFCs have to maintain a minimum in tiers-I and II capital of not less than 15 per cent of aggregate risk-weighted assets
More than 85 per cent of the frauds happened with public sector banks, which significantly exceeded their relative business share ...
The regulatory approval (Final) from Reserve Bank of India is expected in next few weeks
The loan was sanctioned in compliance of all RBI norms and in consortium with SBI
While a final decision is yet to emerge on whether LIC would be snapping up over 50 per cent stake in IDBI Bank, official sources ...
The report further said profitability of all commercial banks declined, partly reflecting increased provisioning
Marathe and other top officials of the nationalised bank were arrested last week
The finance ministry official further said being a large country such aberrations do happen but they only help make the system ...
As a step to attain scale and gain efficiencies, the bank merged five associates banks and Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB) with ...
LIC, the survey finds, is losing out to private players because of the level and quality of innovation in products, customer ...
BoM will be in addition to the Board of Directors (BoD), said the RBI's draft guidelines on which it has invited public comments ...
ICICI Bank may face a penalty of up to Rs 250 million under the relevant Sebi regulations for such lapses, while the fine for ...
The answer, according to the head of treasury and global markets at Bank of Baroda, goes back to a contrarian bet taken two years ...
The media reports also said the government had sought the views of insurance regulator IRDAI and markets watchdog Sebi on the
The number of frauds reported by banks increased from 4,693 in financial year 2015-16 to 5,904 in 2017-18
Seniors are most unhappy at what they see as law enforcement agencies harassing bankers on not clearly established charges
PSBs are in a worse position, with 14.5 per cent of their loans turning bad at the end of FY18, up from 11.7 per cent the year ...
This is the first time in so many years that deputy managing directors of SBI will appear for interview for the post of MDs
Nirav Modi and his uncle Mehul Choksi, the promoter of Gitanjali Gems, have allegedly defrauded PNB of over Rs 130 bn.
The CBI ...
The bank said that based on its investigations before the closure of accounts for the fiscal 2017-18, the claims have not been ...
The insurance regulator may take up the matter during its June 29 board meeting
Sources said bankers held discussions with Devendra Fadnavis late Friday night about the arrest of BoM executives
The statutory auditors were provided periodic updates and their inputs were factored into the enquiry process.
Axis Bank, being one of them, has interacted with over 200 start-ups through the bank's innovation lab for fintechs, Thought ...
The bank has government nominee Lok Ranjan on the board, who has not attended a single meeting since his appointment in April
SBI informed its payment partners that it is not going to share any fee with them if the transaction going through its payment ...
The RBI made its stand clear at a stakeholders' meeting, called by the ministry to discuss the circular, the implementation of ...
Of total scam amount, deposit and loan fraud is to tune of Rs 10.83 bn banking and non-financial institutions-related fraud of Rs ...
The surge in expenditure is pushing core inflation higher and could keep overall consumer price inflation well above the Reserve ...
the department, through a draft notification, suggested that the amount should be returned within 90 days of signing of APAs and ...
CBI's probe into the Rs 143 billion Nirav Modi-Mehul Choksi fraud hinges on the premise that the Delhi-based bank did not follow ...
Forges alliance with IBM, Accenture for IT, data analytics
The bank has also requested the RBI to relax norms on risk-weighted assets, so that it can expand its lending book
Sriram has been working as the MD (Corporate and Global Banking) in SBI since July 2014
The report said that it is "incomprehensible" that branch staff did not notice the fraud being committed
Promoting digital adoption among low income, rural clients through incentives
The ideal outcome for investors would no doubt have been for Bakhshi to be named CEO.
But then, the board has to think about its ...
In a poll ahead of the central bank's June meeting the median consensus had shown no hike until August
Both banks and India Inc have incentives to stop the creation of a bond market
In addition, he will have to move swiftly to control any damage that may have been caused to the bank's image and investor ...
Prior to being CFO of ICICI Bank, he served as ED of the life insurer
Government's substantial cash infusion of Rs 1.53 trn into state-run banks in FY19 would be adequate to cover credit costs ...
Chanda Kochhar will be on leave till completion of the enquiry.
However, she will continue to remain the CEO and MD of the bank
HDFC Bank said in December its board had approved a potential equity offering of as much as Rs 240 billion
MD&CEOs selection process underway
As per the separate notices issued by the two bourses, a red flag has been activated in HDFC Bank, Wonderla Holidays, IndusInd ...
PNB suffered a standalone net loss of Rs 122.82 billion in 2017-18, as against a profit of Rs 13.24 billion in 2016-17
UBI has experienced deterioration in its asset quality in the March quarter of FY18
Nineteen out of 21 PSBs had reported net losses and a sharp rise in bad loans in 2017-18
FPIs had lobbied with the RBI and finance ministry, as well as the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), that a huge lot ...
SBI-General will launch 5-year inherent defects product in next six to eight weeks and has received the IRDAI approval
Shares in insurance venture likely to be offloaded by September
Axis Bank's capital buffers are less comfortable for its current rating despite raising of fresh capital
ICICI Bank's audit committee, led by board member Uday Chitale, would assist the independent probe
Srikrishna, who hails from a Kannadiga family, is a second generation lawyer
This is for the first time in a decade that banks have made huge write-offs of bad loans along with booking of hefty losses
The union said, RBI could train newly recruited computer-savvy assistants in banks for assisting this monitoring exercise
The country's reserve position with the IMF also increased by $2.3 million to $2.029 billion, the apex bank said.
HSBC's underperformance in the US, where it is a relative minnow in contrast to its strong position in Europe and Asia, is partly ...
It can be noted that there was a dip in the growth in the first half of the previous fiscal, which was attributed by analysts to ...
N Sivasankaran, Chief Financial Officer of Canara Bank told Business Standard that the capital raising plan is primarily aimed at ...
The central bank is planning to give relief to FPIs on two of the new norms amid concerns expressed by overseas funds
This branch is also required to maintain a position of "net due to" its head office
According to the IMF, India's forex reserve of $430 bn, including forwards position, is good enough for both imports as well as ...
RBI proposed that at least 40% of sanctioned working capital limit of a company should have a term loan component
The government in March 2017 had allowed public sector banks to offer stock options to their employees, aimed at retaining ...
Shares of Lakshmi Vilas Bank closed flat at Rs 117.45 on BSE
Many lenders had increased their lending rates prior to the policy review and after that, indicating a broader direction in which ...
Patel on Tuesday appeared before the panel, whose members include former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, to brief it on mounting ...
Only 20 per cent of the banking transactions are happening in the branches
Supervisory arrangements imposed by HKMA ask the branch to maintain a position of 'net due to' its head office, other branches ...
The whole point of having a bad bank is to discover and recover the steady-state economic value of assets that may be currently ...
Sources said the governor assured the members that steps were being taken to strengthen the system
With the current macro situation bond yields may stay well over 8 per cent levels by June 2018, say experts
According to sources, the SEC has received complaints from institutional investors in the US to look into the matter related to ...
The development comes after media reports said Nirav Modi had reached the UK and sought asylum.
But the official said the agency ...
The coming years will be very challenging for banks which will have to look beyond the bad loan resolution and address pressing ...
The central bank has invited comments on the draft guidelines from banks and other stakeholders by June 26.
The RBI Governor is expected to be questioned on the amount of cash returned post demonetisation, the PNB fraud, and the mounting ...
The NPA problem and the effect on bank balance sheets has not improved despite the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) process
Govt refuses bank's demand for additional capital of Rs 80 bn
Out of 21 state-owned banks, only two -- Indian Bank and Vijaya Bank -- posted profits during 2017-18
The country's largest lender SBI will conduct auction of 12 non-performing accounts (NPAs) later this month to recover dues of ...
According to a finance ministry official, decision in this regard will be taken in the next few months, and the government has ...
SBI has also been leading the digital charge with its DIGITAL VILLAGES project that it launched in July 2016
The Department of Posts was one of the 11 entities to get the in-principle nod from the RBI in 2015 for setting up a payments
YES Bank said it was partnering several fintechs to offer differentiated banking services in rural pockets of the country
Banks have been increasing their lending rates even before the RBI's rate hike this week
Finance Minister announces panel to consider formation of ARC for quicker resolution of stressed accounts
Finance Minister Piyush Goyal said all executive positions in public sector banks will be filled up within 30 days
HDFC Bank, the largest private sector bank in the country in terms of market capitalization, will from June 7 charge an interest ...
Banks will have to register more losses on their books in the first three quarters of the financial year due to the regulator's ...
The move is largely being perceived as a move to destabilise the cooperative sector
The government will discuss a road map that banks are supposed to prepare to strengthen their risk mechanism systems
Buffett and Dimon said they are not opposed to the current practice of quarterly and annual reporting that ensures
Four of the country's 21 state banks have yet to appoint replacements for departed chief executive officers, and another has seen ...
Some 14 Indian banks have signed up for blockchain platform; aims to cut processing time, improve transaction security
The move follows recommendations by a high-level task force on Public Credit Registry for India, with Yeshwant M Deosthalee as ...
FCA in a notice said it had imposed a penalty of £896,100 on the bank and restricted it from accepting deposits from new ...
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi here
The affordable housing segment will get a boost with RBI today raising the loan limits under priority sector lending (PSL), and ...
Large multi-state UCBs also allowed to become companies
Aadhaar cards will become insurance cards so that insurers and other participants can verify beneficiaries
Total retail loans (outstanding) reached Rs 31 trillion at the end of March 2018, while bank credit to industry stood at Rs 27 ...
While huge net NPAs leave nothing on the table, other capital-raising options are not easy currently, say experts
Australia's banking industry, which thrived during the post-financial crisis years even as bankers elsewhere became symbols of ...
While 75 posts have been sanctioned for recruitment on deputation, only 25 are in place, while the remaining 50 remain vacant
According to information document placed on SBI website, Ankit Metals and Power with an exposure of around Rs 6.9 billion, is the ...
He is expected to be put in charge of banking supervision, among other duties
The US Fed started slowing down on asset purchases starting October 2017
Indian Overseas Bank is currently under the Reserve Bank of India's Prompt Corrective Action framework
Non-performing assets (NPAs) touched Rs 8.31 trillion at end-December 2017
Decline in bank's core capitalisation was due to sharp spike in bad loans, including $2.2 bn in fraudulent deals reported in Feb, ...
As the term of the current chairman M K Sharma is coming to an end so a new chairman has to be appointed
State Bank of India, ICICI Bank Ltd and Punjab National Bank are among the nation's biggest banks that increased their benchmark ...
Appointment is for three years; Jain has been on boards of Exim Bank, National Institute of Bank Management, among others
Foreign investors see the fledgling market as big opportunity
The Lead Bank scheme was started for providing adequate banking and credit in rural areas through an 'area approach'.
Andhra Bank, Punjab and Sind Bank, and Canara Bank, too, are likely to make a similar presentation before the regulator
SBI has a board-approved policy to support the fintech sector
The private lender expects to have at least Rs 3 trillion of total business by 2020
Fitch accounts these losses to the acceleration of bad loan recognition, with the introduction of non-performing loans framework
SBI's one-year MCLR, which most loans are based on, is now 8.25%
The 10-year yields closed at 7.85 per cent on Friday.
It is a rather sharp move up from the 6.5 per cent level in August, when ...
The unions have opposed the Indian Banks' Association's offer of a 2% pay hike
The decision will ensure both types of NBFCs stand on an equal footing on compliance with specific RBI rules
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), an umbrella body of nine bank unions, called for a two-day strike that started on ...
Various rounds of wage negotiations between banks and unions have failed to make headway
Enquiry headed by independent person to examine allegations of conflict of interest after whistle-blower complaint
Those with a tenor of two to less than three years have been raised by five bps to 6.65%
Net loss of Indian Overseas Bank has widened to Rs 36.06 billion during the quarter ended March 31, 2018, as compared to Rs 6.46 ...
85,000 branches shut operations on Wednesday; 3.9 million instruments remain unprocessed
The total slippage for the quarter ended March 2018 stood at Rs 98.68 billion
The RBI has been critical of banks for using restructuring schemes to hide the stress
Microfinance portfolio of SFBs saw a muted growth of about 3% last year
At present, 11 out of 21 PSBs, which constitute about 20% of the market share, are already under the PCA framework
One of every four people in the 27-37-year age group, the most prolific in using digital banking apps, reported a fraud in the ...
Moody's Investors Service's external vulnerability index puts Indonesia at 51 per cent and India at 74%
HAL is currently shortlisting eligible bidders, based on capability and capacity
Sources in the corporate affairs ministry say they are working with the law ministry on the wording of other changes
Coal quality slippage to be paid by coal supplier or railways
Provisioning for non-performing assets was Rs 13 billion, as compared to Rs 7.5 billion in January-March 2017
For India, an acceptance of RuPay card by Singapore is a major stepping stone to the wider acceptance of the Rupee abroad
The capital adequacy ratio was 9.81 per cent at end-March, from 10.38 per cent a year before
Either banks are raising funds by divesting their stakes in subsidiaries through offers for sale, or there is outright stake sale
While no charges are levied for maintaining no-frills account or BSBDA in a bank, the regular accounts are subject to various ...
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh, who is a member of the committee, is likely to attend the meeting on June 12
Issue expected to get support from unions of both employees and officers
Tell Modi govt to walk the talk on promises in its final year
Indian private-sector banks are also among the most richly valued
The bank had registered a net profit of Rs 521.6 million in the January-March period of 2016-17.
While downgrading PNB's rating, Moody's Investors Service said the bank would need ~120-130 billion in 
2018-19 to meet ...
Government-owned IDBI Bank's net loss widened to Rs 56.6 billion in the March quarter, on a sizable Rs 107.8 bn provision for bad ...
NBFCs-MFIs accounted for 28% of the total portfolio
Asset quality of the bank worsened as gross NPAs surged to 12.26 per cent of gross advances as of March 31, 2018
Total income dropped to Rs 127.35 billion in the last quarter of 2017-18 from Rs 128.52 billion in the year-ago period
IDBI Bank's gross NPA soared to 27.95 per cent of its loans at March 2018-end compared to 21.25 per cent at the end of March 2017
Gross NPA increased sharply to 6.56 per cent as on March 31, 2018, as against Rs 3.58 per cent reported a year ago
The bank has a Rs 1 billion fund for fintech partnerships
SBI would work to bring down the share of gross NPA below six per cent by March 2020 from 10.91% at the end of March 2018
Net Interest Income increased by 18 per cent to Rs 3.68 billion from Rs 3.11 billion
Balance sheet clean-up boosts investor confidence, experts expect earnings to improve in FY19
The IDR rating reflects Fitch's expectation of a moderate probability of extraordinary state support due to the bank's waning ...
The Income Tax Department had earlier filed a charge sheet against Burman before a Delhi court in this instance and the trial in ...
While balance sheet clean-up led to a Rs 77 bn loss in Q4, analysts say worst seems over
State Bank of India posts record loss of Rs 77 bn in Q4
Surge in provisions for NPAs, erosion in value of investments take toll
The bank is planning to sell its stake in SBI General Insurance, SBI Card and SBI Capital Market
Provisions for non-performing assets (NPA) stood at Rs 240.80 billion, against Rs 109.93 billion a year ago
In its 12,000-page charge sheet, CBI claims that Usha Ananthasubramanian and some other senior bank officials were aware about ...
The fourth part of the series on NDA government's flagship programmes analyses the financial inclusion scheme
It can be noted that banking regulator Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been flagging concerns on retail loans being the panacea ...
Provisioning for depreciation of investments also affected the bank's bottom line
Big reforms like IBC have been initiated.
But the jury is out on whether they would help the domestic banking sector become ...
Under the first tranche of recapitalisation, the government infused Rs 800 bn through bonds in public sector banks last financial ...
The 12,000-page charge sheet further claimed that a similar fraud was detected in 2016 following which the RBI took up the issue ...
Moody's estimates that PNB will require external capital of about Rs 120-130 billion in fiscal 2019 to meet the minimum Basel III ...
After the buyout, PNB and other lenders will continue to own 12 per cent in the acquired entity, giving them the opportunity to ...
The PNB had approached the CBI with a complaint on the basis of which the agency had registered an FIR against Modi
Big wilful defaulters are categorised by PNB as those borrowers with loan outstanding of Rs 2.5 million and over
The bank was asked to provide details of inspection that resulted in detection of the fraud and provide a copy of inspection ...
In the first list of 12 accounts sent to NCLT for resolution under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC), BoI's exposure was Rs 83 ...
Samit Ghosh, MD and CEO of Ujjivan Small Finance Bank, tells Anup Roy that affordable housing, micro and small enterprises and ...
The bank has capped the money to be raised from additional tier I (ATI) bonds or tier 2 bonds to Rs 37 billion within the overall ...
A panic, in fact, is in the stock market, where the shares of these banks have been clobbered; this relative tranquility is a ...
IOB last of such banks to recall bonds as RBI goes for $100 bn open market purchase
Regulator also cites delays in lender's filings with stock exchanges, but lets it off with a warning
The proposed IFC debt facility will enable HDB to expand its individual micro & small business loan portfolio in the low-income ...
No more than 1% of PMJDY account holders-3.1 million beneficiaries-use overdraft facilities available to them, and 17% of PMJDY ...
The day-long meeting would be the first review of the banks after the RBI put them under PCA
Bank has to carry forward Rs 100 billion provisioning in FY19 while weak capital base will impact growth of advances
Ananthasubramanian was MD and CEO of PNB between 2015 and 2017, before moving to Allahabad Bank
The Department of Financial Services had approached its revenue counterpart to clear the confusion over the levy of GST on some ...
Ninad Karpe and S Ravi, were named in the FIR filed by the CBI in connection with a Rs 6 bn loan given by the bank to former ...
Fraud-related provisioning besides RBI's new NPA rules to hit the bank sharply
The RBI now brings in important and contentious changes directly through voluminous Master Directions, or Master Circulars
In FY18, RBI had net purchased USD 33.689 billion from the spot market
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) found their involvement in the Rs 140 billion fraud related to group of companies belonging ...
Recently, the RBI not only debarred Dena Bank from extending fresh credit in view of the deteriorating financial health, but also ...
The announcement of the results is set to be a low-key affair; a press conference is unlikely, in a departure from the past
In the decade to 2016, bad loans in the non-priority sector rose more than 22-fold
Last year, they got a year's extension to meet the norm, till August 2018
Senior Dena executives said the new order would  have a severe impact on lending and revenue
Apart from Dena Bank, the credit and financial profiles of Bank of Maharashtra, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Allahabad Bank and UCO ...
The bank's action was necessitated by the February 12 changes that the RBI had brought to the NPA resolution framework, which ...
Under this scheme, the bank concerned will get PSC to the extent of its provision against the bad loans and conserve its capital, ...
The investment will help FedBank Financial Services Limited augment its capital base primarily to support its growing asset ...
Total income of the bank during the January-March quarter of 2017-18 came down to Rs 46.89 billion, against Rs 50.94 billion
The bank's loss widened from Rs 3.8 billion in December quarter of 2017-18
Dena Bank, in a filing with the BSE, said the RBI had restricted it from assuming a fresh credit exposure and recruiting
The department of financial services (DFS) is planning to write to the department of revenue opposing the move to tax banks for ...
The cost of borrowing for the industry has gone up in the last few months which in nothing but direct risk-and-reward ...
Following the RBI's new rules for restructuring of such assets, all banks had to change the status of some of their standard ...
In the forward dollar market, the outstanding net forward purchase at the end of March was $20.85 billion
The government transferred Ranjan, joint secretary in Department of Financial Services (DFS) to Department of Personnel and ...
The industry is demanding a new arrangement where international staff posted to Britain for less than six months will be able to ...
No more soft pedalling, says apex bank, as it compels lenders to refer bad loans to IBC if account isn't restructured in six ...
The power ministry had asked the RBI to provide a breather to the power sector in the IBC guidelines
Notices under older tax regime likely to be withdrawn but officials say levy's rationale remains as before
The successor will be announced by October 2019
Experts say the recent frauds mean that more insurance cover for banks will come with higher costs
The loss comes on the back of higher slippage in asset quality, which for Q4 stood at Rs 100.4 billion
Sources said the council might be asked to do research and study on terms of reference
Indian Bank is planning to raise around Rs 30 billion capital to support it's growth during 2018-19.The capital would help the ...
The company, which follows January-December financial year, had posted a profit of Rs 3.11 billion in the same period a year ago, ...
In absolute terms, gross NPAs were at Rs 119.90 bn, up from Rs 98.65 bn in the year-ago period
The Central Vigilance Commission has cited a circular from RBI and asked the banks to comply with it
Every bank offers a different slab of minimum balance to customers, based on which 'free services' are provided
Bank has made accelerated recognition of sensitive assets and treated them as NPAs and made provisions for it
Strengthening sentiment has increased access to the offshore loan markets for investment-grade domestic lenders
According to the AIBEA, in 2016-17, while the gross operating profit of banks was about Rs 1,590 billion, the provision for NPAs ...
While banks are struggling to come out of the bad loan mess, NBFCs are in a sweet spot of rising consumer demand
Ministry to wait for feedback from RBI, probe agencies in Videocon loan deal
Precedents such as changes in the ToR of the 14th Finance Commission following the creation of Telangana
In recent months, many frauds in the banking sector, including those involving diamantaire Nirav Modi have come to light
Diamond merchants Nirav Modi and his uncle Mehul Choksi are alleged to have perpetrated the country's biggest banking sector scam ...
The March-quarter profit is the lowest for the bank in the last eight quarters, and a tad lower than Rs 10.6 billion estimated by ...
Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) is planning to raise around Rs 7 billion through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) to ...
Further, Kochhar said that she has taken the allegations as a professional and that they have not unfazed her
ICICI Bank Q4 results come against the backdrop of a series of allegations of impropriety in ICICI Bank's extending loans to some ...
FinMin seeks status report on reform plan by May 11
Cost-cutting measures by banks, which has led to rationalisation of branches has been one of the key reasons for reduction in the ...
Nirav Modi fraud-hit Punjab National Bank (PNB) aims to grow its total business by 10.8 per cent and close the current fiscal ...
The ED will probe if the alleged defrauded bank loans were used to create tainted assets by way of money laundering
The public sector lender has been putting out the names of wilful defaulters and firms since June 2017.
Within ten months, these ...
A Court in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu has issued an order against ICICI Bank claiming a set of option contracts submitted by a ...
The recruitment drive at the private banking unit, which started in the early 2000s, moved into high gear last year as India's ...
The sharp rise in bad loans is part of a balance sheet clean-up exercise underway in the Indian banking system, the agency said ...
As of December 2017, large corporate accounts of the top five PSBs had more than a quarter share in their gross advances
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) rules are credit positive because they provide a clearer
In a bid to curb frauds, the bank said it had tightened bank's credit underwriting norms and put in place an off-site monitoring ...
The second largest public sector lender had reported an alleged fraud of over Rs 130 billion by diamantaire Nirav Modi in ...
In February, PNB reported the Rs 130 billion fraud committed by the accused diamantaire Nirav Modi and his uncle Mehul Choksi -- ...
Khuntia hails from Jagatshingpur in Odisha and is a graduate of the 1981 batch of the Indian Administrative Service
Bond yields could slip, easing mark-to-market provisioning pain for banks; housing finance companies can access foreign
We need to grow the balance sheet, which did not grow for the past three-four years due to lack of capital
The average cost of funds for MFIs is 12-15 per cent, depending on their size
In 2016, Tamil Nadu's total fertility rate-the number of children a woman will have in a lifetime-was the lowest among India's ...
Axis's CEO Sharma will step down at the end of 2018, more than two years before the proposed end of her term, after the regulator ...
Total income increased to Rs 15.34 bn during the March quarter of 2017-18 from Rs 12.22 bn in the same period of the previous ...
The officials whose residences were searched today included Amita Narayan, R K Bansal, S K Srinivasan, R S Vidyasagar, Bharat Pal ...
Reflecting the hardening of the bond yields since last November, the non-interest income grew by a slower 13 per cent to Rs 14.2 ...
Interest income stood at Rs 30.32 billion for the year, up 26.1 per cent.
Non-interest income shot up by 71.8 per cent
to Rs 7.06 ...
The broking business of the SBI group is managed by SBI Caps Securities, a wholly owned subsidiary of SBI Capital Markets
Asset quality deteriorated because gross NPAs as a percentage of advances increased to 6.77 per cent in the March quarter from ...
Cases against Syndicate Bank, Indian Bank MDs, 13 senior IDBI Bank executives
CBI has found major lapses by bank officials while issuing LoUs to jewellery Nirav Modi's entities via the foreign branches of ...
In the previous fortnight ended March 30, 2018, banks loans grew by 10.32% to Rs 86.5 trillion
The Delhi-headquartered bank has been at the receiving end of the over Rs 130 billion fraud involving diamond merchants Nirav ...
With banks signalling a rise in rates, it is good news for the depositor
While most banks and their housing finance arms tend to step on each other's toes, ICICI Home Finance wants to target profiles ...
The fair trade watchdog examined the parallel behaviour of banks in offering similar savings bank interest rates and levying ...
India's annual headline inflation slowed for a third straight month in March to 4.28 per cent from 4.44 per cent in February
Standard Chartered appointed Bollywood actor Anushka Sharma as its brand ambassador to target the increasing young working ...
Slow progress in recalibrating of ATMs to receive Rs 200 notes was one of the factors responsible for the recent cash crunch
The broad uncertainty hovering over the financial sector comes just as the economy was showing early signs of recovering from a ...
Hong Kong authorities have been approached and recovery writ has been filed against companies of Nirav Modi, the official said
Nirav Modi-owned Firestar Diamond Inc filed for bankruptcy in the US on February 27
Officials said the examination will also cover the disclosures made at the time of Chanda Kochhar being appointed as CEO and ...
Other income, comprising fees and other non-interest income, stood at Rs 42.28 billion
Analysts had on average expected a net profit of Rs 48.43 billion
Study shows that many countries like Mauritius, Singapore and Cyprus were being used to route capital flows from other countries
The market was nervous after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Viral Acharya gave hints of a policy tightening
Punjab National Bank said cash supply to its ATMs has reached normalcy
Private sector lender Axis Bank today said it has started the process to select a new Managing Director & CEO as the incumbent ...
Under 'Mission Gandhigiri' a team visits the borrower's office or residence and sits there silently
Yes Bank opened its first representative office in Abu Dhabi in April 2015
The entire process of financial closure for projects is likely to slow down, a problem for government's ambitious infra ...
A slump in fresh investment by corporate sector key reason
An RBI official said the supply of currency was adequate in the states facing a crunch at ATMs but the logistic issues led to the ...
The number of PoS terminals deployed has also stagnated since April 2017 as confirmed by RBI data and industry experts, due to ...
Many PSBs are in the process of rationalisation of ATMs
SBI today said people in smaller towns can withdraw up Rs 2,000 a day from its PoS machines at retail outlets free of charges, a ...
IndusInd Bank's net profit rose 26 per cent for the quarter ending March.
It also saw a big divergence with the Reserve Bank of ...
RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya said he would favour rate hikes in future, but not now
In India, the share of adults with an account has more than doubled since 2011, to 80 per cent, said the World Bank
Deputy Governor Acharya was of the opinion that the central bank should wait for some more time before withdrawing monetary ...
AIBEA general secretary CH Venkatachalam said that even 16 months since the demonetisation, many ATMs are still not re-calibrated ...
Last week, the US added India to the currency practices and macroeconomic policies monitoring list
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 1.17% at end-March, compared with 1.16% in the previous quarter and 0.93% ...
The words "tariff" or "tariffs" appeared 36 times in the 32-page Beige Book report, compared with 20 references in total from all ...
Propping up bloated and inefficient state lenders would seem to ensure a repeat of the current crisis
Defending public sector banks, Damodaran said privatisation cannot be the solution for all the bad loans issues they face
The deputy governor said even some highly rated borrowers had failed on the one-day default norm
It also allows tribunal power to appoint subsequent to an order removing the existing managing director or manager
Tells shareholders 'institution is bigger than any individual'
On a daily basis, an average cash logistics company transports Rs 50-80 billion worth of cash nationwide
The confederation of ATM Industry (CATMi) has been in talks with the regulators to raise interchange for the past three to four ...
The number of ATMs in the country peaked in July 2017 and has been in decline ever since
Its total income was down at Rs 81.34 billion, during the March quarter of 2017-18
The FIR had alleged that Garg infused several billions of his unaccounted money in various companies through several ...
Kochhar brothers stepped down from the board of Credential Finance by 2009.
While Deepak Kochhar started NuPower Renewables, ...
The report, however clarified, the survey was carried out during November-January and did not take into account the recent ...
The IPPB, which is currently running pilot services in Raipur and Ranchi, needs a go-ahead from RBI for the software used for ...
The bank's new CEO, Christian Sewing, and retail head Frank Strauss decided that Deutsche Bank didn't get a price that justified ...
Several states are facing cash shortage despite currency flow in the economy going back to the pre-demonetisation level
Besides M D Mallya, former executive directors V Santhanaraman and R K Bakshi were among those questioned by the agency
Reiterating Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's stance on the currency in circulation, Kumar said that the scenario is
ICICI Bank became the first bank in the country to successfully undertake pilot transactions in international trade finance
States like Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Andhra Pradesh, Manipur and Telangana have so far reported a shortage ...
ICICI Bank approached the Bench and informed them of the lender's wish to see that their security interests are protected ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank also, for the first, time has become the second-most valued bank in the country after HDFC Bank, which ...
Besides Kaul, it has booked EEIL, the latter's chairman, Hem Singh Bharana, and two chartered accountants (CAs), Pankaj Jain and ...
Priority sector loan paper trading grows threefold
Dun and Bradstreet said in its report that business optimism had hit 91% in the first quarter of 2018
Shares of the Kolkata-based bank fell as much as 18 percent before trading down about 8 percent as of 11:10 a.m. in Mumbai on ...
Move may raise borrowing cost for companies across tenures, say experts
RBI directive proved opportune for a lot of traders who used dip in bitcoin and other virtual currency prices to their advantage ...
The controversies linked to Chanda Kochhar, Shikha Sharma and others are forcing insurance firms to renegotiate rates for ...
Firm ropes in US-based blockchain investigative firm Chainalysis to track the movement
PSBs still give 95% of these but much of this is under priority sector lending orders, with high NPAs; the small ones are nimbler ...
The Commission had recommended that states' share in divisible tax pool be raised to 42% between 2015 and 2020
This is a primary investigation and the board wants to ascertain whether the auditors were at fault
Strategies have been drawn to ensure that the NPAs are reduced in a structured manner by taking help of Insolvency and Bankruptcy ...
CVC said the exercise to collect and analyse data is to find out what kind of frauds are happening in the banks
Till December 2017, the loans to Gitanjali Gems were standard and regular debt servicing was being done
The total non-tax revenue for 2017-18 was already revised downwards to Rs 2.36 trillion from Rs 2.9 trillion
Kaul, who was the CMD of a Kolkata-based bank between 2010 and 2015, allegedly facilitated the accused company in obtaining the ...
It had posted a profit after tax (PAT) of Rs 530 million in the year-ago period
The spurt in credit disbursed by the Indian banking system driven mostly by rise in corporate and industrial credit
Out of these 47 entities, 10 are registered in Belgium, three in US, 13 in UAE, eight in Netherlands and rest in India
The rating agency said ICICI Bank's exposure to the Videocon group is 'in itself not material in the context of its outstanding ...
The buyback activity would be spread over quarters and would be done in small tranches for reasons of absorption
Banks have pleaded on the Feb 12 directive, tightening the leeway earlier given; however, the regulator seems unlikely to yield
Recently, the bank has faced a multi-billion fraud related to the Nirav Modi and Gitanjali Diamonds group
Many private sector banks which are pampered by the government are in crisis, and ICICI Bank and Axis Bank are the examples, ...
The company will break even for the first time at the end of this year, senior executives say
The $2 billion scam became public in January after the CBI registered an FIR in the matter, but by that time both the ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has initiated an enquiry into the controversial Rs 32.5-billion loan sanctioned ...
The NuPower director was asked about the help he extended to Videocon in securing the loan from the ICICI Bank
Axis Bank's risk management is seen as weaker than that of private sector peer HDFC Bank Ltd
The bank will soon finish integrating its CBS with SWIFT so this cannot happen again, PNB CEO Sunil Mehta said
For current financial year, govt plans to borrow Rs 2.88 trillion in the first half of 2018-19, out of Rs 6.05 trillion planned ...
With this, Axis Bank has reduced its exposure in Echanda Urja by Rs 2 billion to below Rs 3 billion
Nabard would look at the feasibility of tapping Masala bonds, which would need Reserve Bank of India's nod
Damodaran was responding to queries on whether ICICI CEO Chanda Kochhar should be asked to step down
The recent crisis in the  country's banking system has impacted investor sentiments,  leading to some slowdown in the investment ...
Crisil in a report on Wednesday said banks profitability has come under intense pressure as provisioning requirements have been ...
The CBI court had last week issued a non-bailable warrant against Nirav Modi
RBI said the action is not intended to pronounce upon the validity of any transaction entered into by the bank with its customers
The scam, which reportedly began in 2011, was detected in the third week of January this year, after which the PNB officials ...
Banker probably faces the toughest challenge of her career over Videocon loan controversy
A source at ICICI Bank said Videocon paid its dues to the bank till December 2017 and might even pay the dues for the March ...
The costly move has caused an industry uproar, leading many existing foreign-owned bank branches to reassess their presence in ...
Soon after the fraud was unearthed in February 2018, Fitch had warned the PNB -- one of the country's biggest state-run banks -- ...
Over the decades, LIC and other government held insurance companies have made several questionable investments in equities
State-run lenders, the biggest holders of sovereign debt, remained net sellers in five of the past seven days despite the rebound
HDFC's standalone profit was Rs 56.7 billion, a major jump from Rs 17 billion in the previous year's December quarter
Shikha Sharma was appointed as the managing director and chief executive officer of Axis Bank in June 2009
On agenda is restoring investor confidence in lender's governance standards
Sharma joined Axis Bank in 2009 after heading ICICI Prudential Life Insurance; move comes after RBI's objection to fresh term
Other regulatory sanctions are also possible, depending on the outcome of the investigation, rating agency said in a statement
The board of India's second-largest private sector bank may meet as early as this week to consider its next course of action
Tepid loan growth and higher credit cost to weigh on earnings at private corporate lenders
There are allegations of nepotism against Kochhar putting a question mark on the bank's corporate governance
She would be completing her third term as MD and CEO of Axis Bank on May 31
The shares were picked up at an average price of Rs 280
The Axis Bank board has accepted her request for a shorter seven-month term (from June 1 to December 31, 2018), subject to the ...
The bank has enough resources and capability to meet the challenges posed by the fraud of this nature, said PNB MD Sunil Mehta
The documents were collected during a "raid" in February by the CBI at the law firm
Leading public sector lenders State Bank of India (SBI) and Punjab National Bank (PNB) have put their 15 non-performing assets ...
Fraud in anything is bad, frauds in banks is more sensitive thing, so we have to find a way to stop it, said Yunus
Firestar Diamond approached a bankruptcy court in New York court in February
The regulation was notified by the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Custom (CBIC)
India Post has plans to link all 155,000 post office branches with the IPPB
With regard to deposits, the bank has recorded a growth of 6.2%, MD said
According to the agency officials, Rajiv was asked about the role of his Singapore-based company Avista Advisory in the ...
Tie-up with Dhoot was one of my biggest mistakes, says Deepak Kochhar
Despite some ambiguity around new policy, experts say card companies and payment gateway entities will take biggest hit
The RBI has repeatedly cautioned users, holders and traders of virtual currencies, including bitcoins
Rajiv Kochhar, who appeared at the CBI office in Mumbai, was asked about various aspects of restructuring of the loan to Videocon
Two India-registered companies belonging to Rajiv Kochhar,  brother of ICICI Bank managing director and chief executive Chanda ...
Gross NPAs of PSBs, as on March, 2015, stood at Rs 2.67 trillion and increased to Rs 6.89 trillion as on June, 2017
According to him, it would take at least two years for the banks to be strengthened for divestment
The revised marginal cost of funds based lending rate benchmarks are effective from April 7
The newly launched service will help all the corporates in the country
Advocate Sanjay Abott, appearing for Gitanjali Gems, sought direction to quash the ED's move of seizing the firm's moveable ...
CBI is also looking into whether the 80:20 gold scheme introduced during the UPA regime has benefitted the firms of Nirav Modi ...
The central bank's half-yearly report said the NPAs have touched double digits
NuPower will return loan with interest to consumer durables major by 2021
Insurance executives said that they will be ironing out all the compliance, data methodology and reporting, and governance issues ...
But surprisingly, there is a narrow chance that the central bank may cut rates in the future: BS Poll
The RBI sent out the advisories detailing what banks should do to prevent a Bangladesh Bank-heist like incident
Of the USD 178 billion loan, the distribution companies have USD 65 billion, generation companies have USD 77 billion, and ...
The communication between Money2India app and social media platforms is carried out using the bank's secured channels
As against a 20 per cent per annum overall increase in home loans during the past four years, loans to the self- employed segment ...
The payments bank is like any traditional bank operating at a smaller scale.
The only difference is that payments banks do not ...
Silence linked to under-reporting of bad loans
PNB's domestic deposits grew 6.2% to Rs 6 trillion in 2017-18
Writing off loans is done, inter-alia, for tax benefit and capital optimisation
Bank of Baroda, HDFC Bank and Bank of Nova Scotia were among the 16 banks allowed to import bullion
The RBI letter also cited the bank's performance and deteriorating asset quality condition over the years
Shares of the country's third-largest lender closed at Rs 261.9, down Rs 16.5, or 5.93% on the BSE
Canara Bank is contemplating a number of steps to augment its capital position
has come out with a detailed set of FAQs to address concerns of customers in the wake of the recent fraud
Modi's firms allegedly defrauded PNB of over Rs 60 billion, while Choksi's firms over Rs 70 billion
Private sector lenders' stressed loan pile was about Rs 1.1 trillion, or 4.6% their total loans
CBI has questioned few ICICI Bank officials as part of a preliminary enquiry to find if any quid pro quo was involved in the ...
The move will come as a major reprieve to India's state-run banks, which have been hard hit by trading losses from a spike in ...
This comment comes after RBI asked Axis Bank to reassess the veteran banker's 4th term as CEO
ICICI Bank pointed out that the board meeting is routine in nature
Personal ties between two people do not always result in criminal acts, Dhoot said in an interview aired on Marathi television ...
According to a report by property consultant JLL, as many as 440,000 residential units remained unsold across key cities at the ...
The RBI, however, declined to share details of communication received from the PNB on the alleged fraud
Rai, however, said that PSBs still have a role to play especially in supporting the infrastructure sector
The revised rates are effective from April 2
Canara Bank has decided to call off divestment process of it entire stake in Canfin Homes Ltd
The bank had clarified that none of the investors of NuPower Renewables are borrowers of ICICI Bank
Rs 32.5 bn ICICI bank loan amount was part of Rs 400 bn loans that Videocon group secured from a consortium of 20 banks led by
ICICI Bank is India's fourth most valued bank with a market capitalisation of about Rs 1.8 trillion and its shares are also part ...
Currently, the key rate at which the RBI lends to banks is 6%
Private sector general insurer ICICI Lombard is upgrading use of  forensic methods to detect fraud in claims by companies, in the ...
Deepak Kochhar, who is Chanda Kochhar's husband, is an indirect beneficiary of the loan granted to Videocon, according to ...
The RBI is expected to change its stance toward policy tightening by year-end, according to 60 percent of 33 economists
PNB is not shown as a creditor in the bankruptcy documents filed in a court in New York by three companies affiliated with Nirav ...
The bank has been accused of nepotism and quid pro quo in extending credit to the Videocon group and its associate, NuPower ...
The gross NPA ratio of the industry was at 10.32% (Rs 8.86 trillion) by the end of December 2017 quarter
Jana Small Finance Bank has started with a comfortable capital adequacy ratio (CAR) of about 35 per cent and loan book of Rs 80 ...
The education loan market is estimated to be Rs 733 billion
One reason why SBI had to raise rates so frequently is the rapid rise in bond yields
There are a total of 41 others accused in these three separate FIRs, says CBI
Sale of bonds in Held to Maturity category before maturity violated regulations
The report comes amid a string of banking frauds recently, including the Rs 14-billion PNB scam involving billionaire jeweller ...
The CBI in February also approached the Interpol with a request of issuing a Diffusion Notice against Modi to locate him
RBI said it is mandatory for all banks to participate in the special clearing operations and they should keep their inward ...
ICICI Bank Chairman MK Sharma has also revealed that the bank has 'satisfactorily' replied to the questions of all the regulators
The scheduled commercial bank, however, clarified it does not have any Letter of Understanding (LoU) exposure in Choksi's company
The bank's board also reviewed its internal processes and exposure to the Videocon group
The decision came after the finance ministry's meeting on Tuesday with a few bankers, including those from Punjab National Bank, ...
The Union government has questioned the role of the RBI on various occasions for failing to detect the PNB scam
The CBI has registered cases for two of the five complaints, relating to branches at Basheerbagh and Guntur
In cases, where the concerned person does not have passport, a certificate in the form of declaration that he does not possess ...
The SBI main branches in New Delhi, Mumbai, Chandigarh, Bengaluru, Gandhinagar, Bhopal, Jaipur, Chennai, Lucknow and Guwahati ...
Besides, on bulk deposits of more than Rs 100 million for a tenure of one year to two years, the bank raised the interest rate by ...
The bank said that its share of banking sector's exposure to Videocon Group was less than 10%
RBI last month scrapped numerous loan restructuring programmes including Corporate Debt Restructuring, Sustainable Structuring of ...
Lender staring at losses on account of scam worth Rs 145 billion in 2017-18
FPIs are currently capped at 5 per cent of the total outstanding government dated securities, and own 4.5 per cent
The stellar show comes on the back of high demand for the bank's shares during its Rs 45-billion initial public offering (IPO)
According to the SBI, the account became an NPA on April 30, 2014, and was subsequently declared as fraud and reported to the RBI ...
For this purpose, the bank has appointed an external expert who was very much associated with the audit reforms in the PSBs
The six-member Monetary Policy Committee (MPC), headed by RBI Governor Urjit Patel, is to meet on April 4 and 5 to decide the ...
The bank has denied disclosing any information regarding minutes of the meeting, total loans sought by Nirav Modi by citing ...
Private banks have a single auditor while PSBs have multiple auditors
Balakrishnan said India's savings rate also is very high and PSBs provide the required safety net and comfort for savers
The move being initiated on a pilot basis is a first for state-run banks, said a PNB source
The tainted lender needs to repay Union Bank of India Rs 10 billion by March 31; if it can't, UBI may be forced to classify it as ...
State Bank of India and IDBI Bank have already appointed advisors for HR revamp
On protest by farmers across the India, he favoured cash transfers to rural BPL households in times of crop failures via ...
The bank is exploring all options for the recovery, including participating in the bankruptcy proceeding of Firestar Diamond Inc
With a loan book of $268 billion, India's retail banking is now ahead of Russia, Malaysia and Mexico but behind China, Brazil and ...
It seized Nirav Modi's antique jewellery, high-end watches, painting by M F Hussain, diamond ring
Move follows RBI's ban on LoUs; With almost zero capital needed for opening a branch in Hong Kong, Indian banks long have been ...
In the last four financial years, the corporate affairs ministry has ordered investigations through SFIO into the affairs of 575 ...
In the fourth of a six-part series, we look at the turning points in the banking sector
The company figured in the list of the biggest tax defaulters released by the Income Tax Department in 2015 with an outstanding ...
Ravi Karel said margin sought was 85% of the credit, but now they were seeking a margin as high as 150%
Following the scam, the Reserve Bank has stopped banks from issuing LoUs and Letters of Comfort for trade finance
Online lending marketplaces say their partnerships with credit information companies to offer free credit reports to customers ...
I think we are now coming around more to the view that if you want this problem not to recur in the future, we cannot just throw ...
There have been a few strong bids for some of the biggest stressed assets: Bhushan Steel, Bhushan Power & Steel, and Electrosteel ...
PNB has stated that it has adequate assets or capital to meet any liability which may crystallise on the bank
A new monitoring group will be set up to keep track of whether cash flow from projects is being used to repay bank loans and that ...
The bank also issued 234 LoUs worth Rs 18.8 bn to another group of companies promoted by Mehul Choksi in 2015 and 2016
Reconciliation of SWIFT messages with trade module of the core banking system was not followed and the concurrent auditor did not ...
Max Life policies grew 18 per cent in 2018 after a growth of about 1.9 per cent in the preceding year
On Monday, Rai had alleged communication breakdown between FinMin and BBB; FM likely to respond soon
The company engaged in manufacturing gold jewellery which was marketed under the brand name 'Krizz' which were sold through ...
Move follows order by Delhi HC on the issue; insurers will have to de-list 'Genetic Disorders' from list of exclusions
IDBI Bank has been selling non-core investments through 2017-18
The Goldman warning is a blow for the govt, which had hoped that a $32 billion, two-year, bank recapitalisation programme it ...
As part of the participative approach, the bank has created 'Lead the Parivartan' portal to engage all in the transformation ...
Still, dipping into RBI's reserves to sell dollars will be easier said than done
The judge sentenced jewellery businessman Naresh Choksi and chairman of Classic Co-operative Bank Limited, Suresh Gatecha
The bonds would be listed on the Wholesale Debt Market segment of BSE or National Stock Exchange of India
Aadhaar-based KYC will be the future of banking, says Nilekani
All-time high mop-up of Rs 1.2 trillion through IPOs, QIPs in 2017-18
Rai said the BBB was not aware of progress made on reforms as "there has been no further engagement with the government"
Circular makes it mandatory for all UPI apps to support transmission of money through VPA, generate QR codes for Bharat QR or UPI ...
The agency has alleged that Guptas knew Dubey and used the connection in getting loans
The company's plea was misconceived and premature, the ED said, adding it was presently at the stage of search and seizure as ...
New rate will be effective March 19
Finance ministry officials said the central government was not authorised to examine loan accounts above Rs 50 million and hence ...
The tribunal has directed Irdai to entrust the matter to an officer other than Joseph for passing a fresh order
Given the reluctance to part with data and tendency to minimise the risks, those in the segment say banks need to seriously ...
Bajaj Finance Limited increased their urban outlet network by 40.3% to 529 stores at the end of December 2017
Fraud had already been declared in respect of the fradulent and unauthorised issuance of two LoUs for Rs 91 million
Nirav Modi had acquired land of the farmers by conning them
NSIC sought confirmation for further BGs amounting to Rs 180 million which, according to UBI, are non-existent in its records
Bank outlines multi-pronged strategy to strengthen internal controls in its EGM held on Friday
RBI's action in banning of Letters of Undertaking (LoUs) could be reviewed later, says former RBI head C Rangarajan
The government ordered the investigation on February 17, 2018, says PP Chaudhary
On February 11, the bank said it had detected "fraudulent and unauthorised transactions" worth $1.78 billion
With 600-700 new NPA cases getting admitted into NCLT every month, demand for Resolution Professionals is on the rise; their ...
The Union government said on Friday that one-fourth of all foreign branches of public sector banks reported losses last financial ...
PNB reassured its shareholders, customers, partners and employees on the bank's capability and capacity to come out of this ...
In December 2017 alone, 187 cases with losses touching Rs 337.3 million was reported, K J Alphons said
MoS for Finance Shiv Pratap Shukla said gross non-performing assets under the 'Industry-Large' category for all banks soared to ...
BS ReporterHyderabad, 16 March: Iron and Steel and infrastructure sectors contributed to almost 50 percent of Andhra Bank's gross ...
The attorney general contended that why such petitions should be entertained by the courts unless there was something wrong shown ...
SAARC region's largest re-insurer names seasoned Lloyd's market practitioner as Active Underwriter; targets 60:40 domestic to ...
The case has been registered under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act
The IPO proceeds of Rs 40 billion are capital gains the private lender would be booking by divesting around 24 per cent stake in ...
Public sector banks have decided to improve their risk-management systems
RBI had more power over private sector banks than over PSBs and a level playing field should be created in regulating PSBs, the ...
The new alleged fraud of around Rs 91 million involves officials of a little known company called Chandri Paper and Allied ...
They were all issued by PNB and against that we have made payment, SBI's Deputy Managing Director said
The issue carries a fixed coupon rate of 8.10% per annum with maturity on March 22, 2025
Strategists from Renaissance Capital to Newton Asset Management say emerging markets are so heterogeneous that idiosyncratic ...
Banks will be putting up their action plan to respective boards and in 3 to 6 months action plan would be implemented by banks
The issue is not 'this regime or that regime', the issue is that of people losing confidence in the banking system, Naidu said
SBI on March 13 had substantially reduced charges for non-maintenance of average monthly balance (AMB) in savings accounts, which ...
Reserve Bank has stopped banks from issuing LoUs and Letters of Comfort for trade finance for imports into the country
"The group has a clean credit history and at no instance has any of its entity defaulted on any bank credit availed by it," ...
RBI chief Patel's comments came against the backdrop of Punjab National Bank being defrauded of around Rs 135.4-billion, ...
The problem is that most of these funds have under-performed: they have returned less than a fourth of this money, yielding ...
Many medium size and small enterprises (SMEs) will also face the heat, say banking officials
Governor says frauds like PNB are painful; regulatory powers must be ownership-neutral
We at Reserve Bank also feel anger, hurt and pain at banking sector frauds and irregularities, he said
PHD Chamber President Anil Khaitan said banning of these instruments is not a solution to curb malpractices or scandals
I-T officials have questioned PNB Manging Director and Chief Executive Sunil Mehta and other officials to determine how the LoUs ...
The bank also termed Unified Payments Interface (UPI) as a huge opportunity
Lending institutions shall formulate a policy with the approval of their board of directors which clearly set out the criteria ...
Earlier, only banks and PSUs like MMTC and STC were allowed to import gold for domestic use under the 80:20 scheme
Yields on the 10-year bond rose about 70 basis points in the December quarter, causing nominal losses of at least Rs 150 billion ...
Executives at PNB's Brady House branch in Mumbai had started issuing LoUs to foreign branches of Indian banks from March 5, 2011
Letters of credit (LCs) and guarantees would continue to be issued like before if they meet certain criteria
SBI has reduced the penal charges for non- maintenance of AMB in the metros and urban centres from a maximum of Rs 50 per month
The Rs 800-billion recapitalisation bonds will have a tenure of 10-15 years and would carry a coupon rate in the range of ...
The merger will be effected through an all-stock transaction of BFIL into IndusInd through a Composite Scheme of Arrangement
In a major decision, RBI on Tuesday banned banks from issuing Letters of Undertaking (LoUs)
The move comes after multiple warnings by the RBI and the finance ministry on the non-fiat virtual currencies
SBI has reduced the penal charges for non- maintenance of AMB in the metros and urban centres from a maximum of Rs 50 per month
The new disclosure takes PNB's overall exposure in the still unravelling fraud case to well over the $2 billion mark
The RBI said the decision to discontinue the practice of LoUs and Letters of Comfort (LoCs) for trade finance comes into force ...
SBI said that the 'best is yet to come' and the RBI's inflation targets will be undershot by up to 0.50 percentage points
Following easing of retail inflation in Feb, there's industry clamour for rate cut next month to maintain growth momentum
Nirav Modi and his uncle Mehul Choksi have allegedly defrauded the PNB and other banks of Rs 127 billion
The charges for non-maintenance of AMB for customers in metro and urban centres have been reduced from a maximum of Rs 50 per ...
While listing on the bourses has improved visibility, low penetration and shift to financial savings will drive growth
Heads of leading insurance companies came together to share their views on the sector
The CBI had filed a complaint in the case last year in October
'Banks should continue working on improving their balance sheets on a priority basis'
Gandhi in his tweet about "other law firms" was referring to the searches carried out by the CBI at the Mumbai offices of Cyril ...
Accused is named as Sandeep Poojary, an employee of Yalamanchili Software Export, which provides manpower resources for handling ...
The company is mainly into power transmission and is a central transmission utility of the country
Hemant Kanoria, Chairman and managing director of Srei Infrastructure Finance, tells Ishita Ayan Dutt & Namrata Acharya, there ...
Shares of the firm had closed at Rs 140.40 apiece on Friday, down 1.61 per cent from its previous close on the BSE
Sona Alloys has an outstanding of Rs 6.47 billion towards SBI, while Zenith Birla has Rs 1.39 billion
Most of the banking frauds and wilful default cases, like Nirav Modi and Vijay Mallya's cases are said to pertain to trade
The allocation of work should be in agreement with the management of the bank, said ICAI
Ficci prez Rahesh Shah said, "We have to overcome the fear psychosis.
The investigation should not result in fear psychosis."
Due to non-payment of interest of Rs 192.9 mn on bank borrowings, Indian Bank and Union Bank of India have reported STC accounts ...
India's banking sector will be saddled with GNPAs worth a staggering Rs 9.5 trillion by March-end, up from Rs 8 trillion in the ...
NPAs as a percentage of total loans given to women-led SHGs in January 2018 dropped to 2.55% from a high of almost 26% before ...
In step two, the government should do away with the majority in the holding company.
Lenders have increased the number of loan-approving staff; both fund-based assistance and opening LCs and executing export orders ...
For all existing loans of over Rs 500 million, banks have been asked to collect passport details of borrowers within 45 days
In its IPO filing, Bandhan Bank has valued itself at about Rs 450 billion-higher than any public sector bank, expect State Bank ...
'He'll take time to come back as there are security concerns and he's managing his business abroad,' said Nirav Modi's lawyer
3 companies of Nirav that were hauled in for mis-declaration of exports of diamonds from their units at Surat SEZ could prove to ...
Bank to pay if RBI declines its relaxation plea
public sector banks have scaled down activities like extending trade credit, guarantees and letter of credit
Payments corp not following on cases of stuck payments and banks not upgrading capacity in line with volumes
Importers typically use LoUs issued by their local bank to raise cheaper foreign currency loans overseas to fund purchases
This is the second charge sheet in this case after ED filed one against Delhi based businessman Gagan Dhawan
The central bank made by a supervisory visit to the payments bank between November 20 and 22
Indian Overseas Bank bank had gross NPAs of Rs 317 billion
PNB alone reported 158 cases of fraud in 2016/17
Both Modi and Choksi have denied wrongdoing, and so have two key accused PNB employees in the case
HDFC Bank has a price-to-book multiple of 5.16, making it the most expensive among lenders across the globe with at least $50 ...
The official said the bank had sought clarification on this issue and based on the feedback, the recall was to be exercised
PNB had said it was digging into records to examine the magnitude of the fraud
We have not seen any more evidence: Subhash Chandra Garg
Gitanjali Gems promoter Choksi has said it was impossible for him to return to India and join the investigation due to the ...
For adequate compensation, breach of fair practices code, an individual may still need to approach consumer forum
The minister said that as per information received from the Central Vigilance Commission, the awards were instituted for the ...
In the past few months, the market has seen most major banks raising their retail and bulk deposit rates, as well as their ...
The Kolkata-based bank and its shareholders will be selling up to 119.3 million shares
This is the second CBI case in which Nirav Modi has been named by the investigating agency
Nirav Modi scam has resulted in disruption in cross-border trade as banks are unwilling to provide guarantees
Mehta was seen entering the SFIO office before 11 AM
The council had issued the first show-cause notice to both Modi and Choksi in early February, but has not receive any explanation ...
Right, so Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in his Budget speech that government does not consider crypto assets as legal.
But ...
SBI plans to sell a total of 15 such NPA accounts to recover Rs 9.89 bn; IFCI to sell 23 NPAs for recovery of Rs 136.68 bn
Alarmingly, the extent of the unravelling fraud at PNB could rise beyond the nearly $2-billion mark so far outlined by the ...
RBI had carried out an inspection of currency chests of two branches of the country's largest lender
The Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) has some suggestions for avoiding a repeat of the Punjab National Bank ...
The primary role of the banks is to raise deposits and lend, former RBI governor
SBI has asked the bidders to an submit expression of interest by March 9, 2018
Punjab National Bank shares plunge most since 2004 in Mumbai
Passport details will help banks to take timely action and inform the relevant authorities to prevent fraudsters from fleeing the ...
the asset quality problem and tighter Reserve Bank of India norms around bad loan disclosure would lead to drop in earnings at ...
The officials were in the office for over two hours and are understood to have been asked about their business with firms like ...
Investigators had not yet recovered all the papers and loan guarantees allegedly issued by rogue employees of the bank
Jaitley expressed hope that going forward the bank's market capitalisation would improve
ICICI Bank Managing Director and Chief Executive Chanda Kochhar and her Axis Bank counterpart Shikha Sharma have been summoned by ...
ICICI Bank is believed to have extended a loan of Rs 10 billion and Axis Bank Rs 7 billion last year to Mehul Choksi's Gitanjali ...
In recent months, PNB has emerged as one of the largest gold importing banks, where it earned a margin of 1-2 per cent
Axis attracted fine for flouting NPA norms and Indian Overseas Bank for KYC breach
Two of the four arrested accused are from Nirav Modi's firm, one is an auditor and one an employee of the Gitanjali Group
Nair had signed various applications to avail the LoU facility, and he was also a director at 19 other companies of Mehul Choksi, ...
CBI arrested four officials of Nirav Modi, Mehul Choksi's companies. on Monday Vipul Ambani and five others were sent to 14-day ...
The Committee will also focus on how Fintech can be leveraged to enhance financial inclusion of MSMEs
Jaiprakash Associates had 895 million shares, about 64.44 per cent stake, in Jaypee Infratech as on December 31, 2017
Higher tax outgo will fuel cash demand by banks, corporate sectors
The board has approved and declared closure of the qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue today, HDFC said in a filing to ...
We have probably allocated more capital recently in India relative to China, said Robert Petty, a co-founder at the Hong ...
RBI said it had carried out a statutory inspection of private sector player Axis Bank with reference to its financial position as ...
In the three weeks since details of the alleged fraud was disclosed, Indian authorities and the media have squarely blamed Punjab ...
The bank will soon call and extra ordinary general meeting for appointment of new directors
On the sunny side, FD rate hike is good news for seniors; Go for short-term deposits, roll over to those with higher rates when ...
Legal experts are not sure if threat of confiscation of property will be deterrent enough for fleeing offenders
The bank manager refused to sanction the loan unless more loan-worthy collateral was given
Canara, Union Bank, PNB among possible candidates; may lead to recall of Rs 157-bn AT-1 bonds
In the 2018-19 Budget, FM Jaitley proposed merging three public sector general insurance companies into one single insurance ...
They all default and sit in the front rows of the industry associations: Rajnish Kumar
RBI removed the prior condition that only loans of up to Rs 50 million and Rs 100 million given to MSMEs would be PSL-compliant.
Despite the immediate setback, bankers, however, feel that there will not be a complete freeze so that a genuine businessman's ...
the NCLT has restrained more than 60 entities, including Nirav Modi, Mehul Choksi, various individuals from selling their assets
Axis Bank chief Shikha Sharma said that there is 'some conversation' on this aspect already
The CBI has also arrested the then Director of Mehul Choksi's company, Gili India, Aniyath Shiv Raman Nair
Government of India's stake in the Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) to increase by 7.49 per cent after it infuses Rs 46.94 billion as ...
One view is to keep this 'threshold' as low as Rs 50 million, though some want it higher at Rs 500 million
PNB fraud being probed by multiple agencies in India, which are seeking details from their counterparts in various other
State Bank of India accounts for over 27 per cent of the total amount owed to public sector banks by wilful defaulters as of ...
The production house is represented by Kabaddi player Raja and he is among the 13 borrowers
The ED had earlier issued summonses to Modi and Choksi, both key accused in the scam cases
Agency questions MD at length on why the bank took so long to detect the fraud
They demanded the selection of bank central auditors and statutory branch auditors should be done under the control of the RBI
Players say users, especially blue-collar and similar category workers, find rules too strict; however, central bank declines ...
The crackdown on the dairy farm project came just weeks after South African President Cyril Ramaphosa replaced Zuma as head of ...
The cost of funds also fell from 6% to 5.42%. However, their NIM contracted by 26 bps to 2.45% in Dec '17
Mishra was responsible for auditing the procedures and practices followed in the PNB branch and report them
After the utilisation limit in government bonds reaches 90%, as is the current situation, FPIs are not allowed to take position ...
Banks have been complaining against this mandate, but the creation of a sub-target is likely to put them off even more
These accounts are not directly related to fraud, however,  these could help in investigation so the bank shared the details with ...
The court documents showed that other banks transferred cash to the same dairy farm but their money wasn't frozen
Foreign branches of Indian banks had advanced money to companies belonging to diamond traders Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi
Much of IDBI Bank's special status was stripped off a few years ago when govt said the rank of the IDBI MD and CEO would be same ...
He has been appointed for a period of three years with effect from the date of taking over charge of the post on or after March 1
Mohinder Kumar Sharma was the internal chief auditor at the Brady House branch
District police official Vidhassgar said police has begun an investigation from all angles
She joined United Bank of India on April 23, 2013 as Chairman-cum-Managing Director, a position she held till February 20, 2014
The Central Bureau of Investigation has so far arrested at least 13 people - seven from the bank and six more from Modi and ...
IOB had raised these funds for business expansion and lending in the year 2011 and 2012
It is alleged that LoUs and LCs worth close to $2 billion were issued to the companies of uncle-nephew duo of Choksi and Modi ...
SBI hiking of the MCLR makes it the first hike in the 1-year MCLR since the inception of a new lending rate system in April 2016
Talking about State Bank of India, Kumar said SBI has a good risk mitigation architecture
'The extremely positive environment for investing in Indonesian banks or Brazilian consumers in 2010, 2011, 2012 -- that's where ...
Earlier, the fraud amount was said to be Rs 114 billion, but onn Tuesday, the bank had informed the stock exchanges that ...
The development comes a day after a Blue Corner notice was issued against the Gitanjali promoter and Nirav Modi
ICAI intends to investigate the chartered accountants of PNB
In an announcement on its website, the bank said, effective Wednesday, 7- to 45-day deposits will earn an annual interest rate of ...
In 2015, the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the Tamil Nadu Police had arrested Subramanian for allegedly cheating depositors to ...
State owned Canara Bank today said Kolkata based RP Infosystems was declared as a fraud account in May 2015 in which it was a ...
Meanwhile, Nirav Modi has refused to join Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe in connection with the PNB scam
The bank has made a complaint to the CBI
The recent fall has been triggered by the Punjab National Bank fraud, estimated to be worth over Rs 114 billion
Government bonds have suffered their worst sell-off in almost two decades, and the rupee and stocks have been under pressure
The arrested auditor M K Sharma was "allegedly responsible for auditing the systems and practices" of the bank's Brady House ...
During the past three years, state-run lenders' share in new home loan disbursal has decreased by 10 per cent, while that of ...
The CBI today directed him to contact the embassy of India in a country where he is staying so that his travel to India can be ...
The retail deposit rates for two years to up to 10 years have been changed by 0.50 per cent to 6.50 per cent from 6 per cent
Deals down 8-10% since Nirav-Choksi scam broke
This comes amid CBI's probe into recent complaints of massive frauds in Punjab National Bank, Bank of Baroda, Oriental Bank of ...
Lenders told to plug operational, technological loopholes in 15 days
Signs that trade credit is getting tougher for smaller firms have hurt the rupee, which is among Asia's worst performers this ...
Auditor warned Gitanjali defaulted to other banks too
The Rhythm House is one of the 21 properties of Nirav Modi worth Rs 5.24 bililon seized by the law enforcing agencies so far
Developing economies are leading the next wave of CapEx as companies continue to spend over growth in demand
ICICI Bank was the lead lender to at least three entities belonging to Mehul Choksi's Gitanjali group
On Monday, the CBI questioned three statutory auditors and two General Managers of PNB
Expects improvement in capital position and stable asset quality
There are no clear regulations and guidelines on how much collateral should be guaranteed as against a loan
Ripple can now provide instant access in emerging markets such as India, Brazil and China, IndusInd Bank said in a release
ED has obtained the court's nod to issue six Letters Rogatory, or judicial requests for obtaining information from overseas ...
Punjab National Bank disclosed a $2 billion fraud, stunning the country and putting the lack of supervisory oversight
Punjab National Bank detected the fraud wherein Nirav Modi and associates allegedly acquired fraudulent letters of undertaking
Oriental Bank of Commerce has filed a fraud monitoring report against Simbhaoli Sugars
Recap not discussed, PNB may approach govt for additional funds
The CBI, however, clarified that it was not examining the law firm
There would be 12 monthly standardised futures contracts of cross-currencies
The four directors named as accused by the CBI in the case are - Sabhya Seth, Reeta Seth, Krishna Kumar Singh, and Ravi Singh
Asset-backed securities are bonds or notes backed by financial assets
The CBI has written to Canara Bank, Bank of India, State Bank of India, Allahabad Bank and Axis Bank
Currently, confiscation can be done through multiple laws but it is a complicated process
The union said: 'Instead of a full-scale investigation, attempts are being made to single out a few lower level employees'
OBC had sanctioned a loan amounting to Rs 1.48 billion in 2011 to the company for financing individual/joint liability groups, ...
From the so-called Ketan Parekh (K-10) stocks to Unitech and DB Realty, scam-tainted stocks have fallen by 90 per cent or more ...
Sebi had found inadequate controls at HDFC Bank to be the 'prima facie' reason for the leakage of financial information through ...
The Nostro account refers to an account that a bank holds in a foreign currency in another bank overseas to enable foreign trade ...
However, customers who have balances in such wallets or prepaid payment instruments need not worry about their money, RBI said
PNB has $120 billion in total assets, saw its shares fall for a third straight day on Friday
With the latest development, the bank could be looking at losses to the tune of Rs 5 billion
As part of its probe in the PNB fraud case, ED will send judicial requests to over a dozen countries for obtaining information ...
Will the public sector banks have enough capital to push growth in the light of recent incidents?
Such a company will hold the Centre's entire stake in PSBs and raise capital for them
The bank is one of the worst-affected in the private sector after the Reserve Banks asset quality review
All retail branches of SBI in the UK will fall under a new UK-incorporated banking entity instead of their previous status as ...
But they may achieve overall priority sector lending norms, as corporate loan growth has been slow
Fairfax investment values bank at Rs 23 billion
The countries where the LRs would be sent include Belgium, Hong Kong, Switzerland, the United States, the United Kingdom, Dubai, ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) has already issued show cause notice to all central statutory auditors of ...
For example, SBI alone in 2016-17 reported frauds of Rs 24.24 billion
The CII president said financial malfeasance perpetrated by unethical business entities and corrupt officials should not lead to ...
This, after rating agencies are reportedly placing PNB's rating under watch for a possible downgrade
According to him, the LoU facility is not widely used by the Surat-based diamond processing firms
This is against the total inflow of over Rs 137.8 billion by foreign portfolio investors in January
Prime Minister announced the ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 Indian rupee notes, on November 8, 2016
Morgan Stanley's base case assessment remains that the RBI will hike in 4Q18
PNB lodged two financial fraud complaints of Rs 11400 crore and Rs 280 crore against Nirav Modi, his family members and Mehul ...
Senior branch manager at PNB's Barmer branch in Rajasthan dishonestly and fraudulently sanctioned, disbursed 26 Mudra loans
Ministry sources said that future course of action will be taken on the advice of the investigation agencies
Questioning of 12 arrested accused persons continued on Saturday, a CBI official said
The Bank of Maharashtra has approached the CBI to lodge a loan default complaint against Amit Singla
Mehul Choksi wrote to 3,500 employees, saying it would be 'very tough' to clear dues of his employees or pay future salaries
Nirav Modi, Mehul Choksi, others are being investigated by ED and other probe agencies after Rs 114 bn-fraud came to light
Delhi-based businessman Amit Singla dishonestly induced bank for getting loan on false representation by forging documents
At ET Global Business Summit, Arun Jaitley said that unlike politicians, regulators in the Indian system are unaccountable
The lender alleged that Dwarka Das Seth International cheated the bank using Letters of Credit
PNB Housing Finance was promoted by PNB
If the NBFC rejects the complaint or does not respond within a month, the customer can approach the Ombudsman
I want to appeal to those who have been given the task of framing rules and maintaining ethics in financial institutions to ...
The court said the Centre could consider steps for effective enforcement of the provisions of the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) ...
The second largest public sector bank found itself in a fix after PwC emerged lowest bidder for the audit
The fraud allegedly started in 2011 at PNB
Sebi said inadequate controls at HDFC Bank are the prima facie reason for leakage of financial results
The bank also denied reports that details of debit and credit cards of its thousands of customers have been leaked
"System will not tolerate loot of public money," PM Modi
No restrictions on the withdrawals have been imposed by the bank, said PNB
New Delhi, 23 FebruaryThe Congress party on Friday alleged the bank fraud involving jewellers Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi not ...
It has asked the Securities and Exchange Board of India, PNB and federal investigating agencies to share their findings about the ...
PNB has roped in PwC to conduct a probe into the alleged fraud that would help the bank build a case against jewellers Nirav Modi ...
IBA Chairman said each bank will have to review their control systems and technology separately, as their problems and loopholes ...
Officials said they have put freeze orders on bank accounts containing Rs 300 million and shares worth Rs 138.6 million of the ...
India imported polished diamonds worth $1.88 billion in the first 10 months this year
A chartered account, Malegam sits in an office at Ballard Estate at Fort area of Mumbai
PNB categorised pearls as semi-precious and precious stones in presenting its argument
Out of them, 257 are sub-staff, 437 are clerks and 721 employees are officers
ED has also seized nine luxury cars belonging to Nirav Modi and his companies
Lender responds days after accused billionaire wrote to banks
The deal is subject to statutory and regulatory approvals and satisfactory completion of financial and legal due diligence
A $2 billion fraud at the bank that surfaced days after India's largest lender posted a surprise loss has led to sharp declines ...
Bank of Baroda has some direct exposure to the gems and jewellery sector customers under consortium arrangement
Central agency finds CFO of Nirav Modi's firm complicit in defrauding PNB
PNB's Chief Information Security Officer has confirmed it was working with the govt to contain the fallout from the release of ...
The ED has frozen mutual funds and shares worth Rs 945.2 mn of the Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi groups of companies
The arrested PNB officials said they merely continued with the practice that started in 2008
Nirav Modi in his letter to the PNB had said that the over-zealousness of the bank to deal with the issue destroyed his jewellery ...
Plans to claw back provisions on debt-ridden Bhushan Steel
The bank said at no stage were such facilities extended by Punjab National Bank to the three partner firms
ED searched Gitanjali Gems showroom of Udhampur district of Jammu previous week and seized gold jewellery and diamonds worth Rs ...
Several new limits have been placed on the amount that officers can generate depending on their seniority in the bank hierarchy.
Allahabad Bank said in a filing that the accounts of Rotomac group classified as non-performing assets according to IRAC norms of ...
The DGFT grants an advanced licence to companies for availing of benefits under duty exemption schemes
Enforcement agencies ask Sebi to direct depositories
Lender may also be put under RBI's prompt corrective action framework
Nilekani said the data available in the GST system could be the basis of credit.
PNB fraud pertains to issuance of fake Letters of Understanding to firms associated with Nirav Modi
According to ED officials, Nirav Modi, Neeshal Modi, and Mehul Choksi are directors or partners in about 100 companies registered ...
The board meeting comes at a time when Arun Jaitley has come down heavily on PNB's management for its failure to check the fraud
PNB is among the 46 companies that will be excluded from the Nifty free float Midcap 100 index
Like Lalit Modi and Vijay Mallya, he (Nirav Modi) too has gone out of the country under the government's patronage,says Chavan
The first high-profile arrest in connection with the Punjab National Bank fraud case took place on Tuesday when the CBI arrested ...
Rotomac allegedly took loans from 7 banks - Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Bank of Maharashtra, Indian Overseas Bank, Union Bank ...
The Yes Bank scrip was trading 0.87 per cent lower at Rs 306.60 per share on BSE
Rajesh Jindal, head of the Brady House branch in Mumbai during 2009-11, was taken into custody last night
Probe agencies suspect the market value of stock to be much lower than book value
It is up to the bank management to decide which application gets to interact with the CBS
NBFCs have seen a strong growth rate in retail, but corporate lending is a new space for them
The panel will be headed by former RBI board member Y H Malegam, who had also earlier led several RBI committees on important ...
Moody's has placed the bank's Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) and adjusted BCA of ba3 and the Counterparty Risk Assessment (CRA) ...
The CBI also questioned an executive director of the PNB along with nine other officials
Jaitley also questions role of auditors
Ambani was arrested along with executive assistant Kavita Mankikar and Senior Executive Arjun Patil in connection with the first ...
The recent fraud in PNB, and it is suspected that its contagion will affect several other Indian banks, is a classic example of ...
Why are only low-level officers being questioned: Business Standard reader questions
A Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team also conducted raids at diamantaire Nirav Modi's Alibaug farmhouse near Mumbai
Nirav Modi has said PNB's overzealous approach shut the doors on his ability to clear the dues
The Modi government had launched the housing for all by 2022 in June 2015 and the disbursement is from that period
The Rs 114 billion fraud--the biggest in the country's banking history--has raised questions on both internal and external risk ...
Rotomac allegedly cheated banks to the tune of Rs 36.95 billion; this comes just Nirav Modi PNB fraud worth Rs 114 billion
The scam came out into the open on 14 February 2018, when it informed the stock exchanges
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank today said it has no direct or indirect credit exposures to Nirav Modi with regards to the ...
Lawyer Vijay Aggarwal said that probe agencies will not be able to prove charges against Nirav Modi in the court of law
The move could lead to a possible downgrade for Punjab National Bank, India's second-largest public-sector bank
Agency to verify checks and balances, suspects money laundering by Nirav Modi
The auditor to Modi's Firestar International, Deloitte signed off the accounts for financial years ended March 2016 and March
Hackers disabled City printer connected to global payments platform SWIFT, preventing bank from receiving messages for three ...
The problem here is that internal auditors are good at accounts, but they are not trained to track foreign exchange transactions
PSBs say will resolve payments issue bilaterally
The central error here is that the SWIFT inter-bank communication system is not monitored as carefully as it should be by some ...
The government planned to notify the bankruptcy provisions last year itself
In its letter, finance ministry has pointed to sections 35, 35A and 36 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, to highlight the ...
Your actions have destroyed my brand and the business and have now restricted your ability to recover all the dues, said Nirav ...
It is unlikely the government will look for a successor to Rai, sources familiar with the developments said
This is the second time during the past two months that Axis Bank has hiked its MCLR
The economic survey has pegged growth at 7-7.5 per cent for FY19
Ficci President Rashesh Shah argued a dynamic banking sector was the need of the hour
Gitanjali Gems also released resignation letter of Independent Director S Krishnan
However, PNB added realisation of any specific asset would be decided at the time of need with the approval of board
Documents accessed by Business Standard show owners of suspected Hong Kong-based shell companies are spread across the globe
With the mother of all bank scams showing the authorities in poor light it is imperative for the regulator and banks to put more ...
The fraud involved issue of illegal letters of undertaking and foreign letters of credit favour Nirav Modi and Gitanjali group of ...
It is remarkable that despite losing Rs 2.65 trillion in a decade no head of institution has lost his job, leave alone face ...
State-owned banks continued to reel under the multi-billion fraud at Punjab National Bank (PNB) with Nifty PSU Bank index ...
The department of financial services will soon hold a meeting with the information technology team of all public sector banks ...
I-T sources said while four of these attached assets were in the name of Gitanjali Gems Limited, two were in the name of Mehul ...
Instead, low-quality diamonds were exported to associate units abroad to keep up the appearances
In a letter Modi wrote on Feb 15/16 to the PNB management, he pegged the amount his companies owes to the bank under Rs 50 bn
The ED is also moving to attach at least two dozen immovable properties of Modi, Choksi and their concerns under the Prevention ...
The law enforcement agency has asked for names of officials who were involved in the scam and sought identification of officials ...
Party releases documents that show Choksi was decalred absconder in August 2017
PNB shares slid for a fourth straight day on Monday, closing 7.2% lower
UCO Bank slipped 4.58%, Dena Bank - 4.43% and Oriental Bank of Commerce - 1.71%
In four trading sessions, the stock has fallen 28 per cent
Financial services secretary, said the bank "will have to own responsibility of bonafide transactions."
Gandhi's statements come in the wake of Punjab National Bank fraud case, involving businessmen Nirav Deepak Modi and Mehul ...
Nirav Modi acquired fraudulent letters of undertaking from one of PNB's branches for overseas credit from other Indian lenders
Eighteen businessmen and 24 firms who had taken the franchise of Modi and Choksi's jewellery brand ended up filing criminal ...
The multi-pronged action by the CBI, ED, and others comes five days after PNB admitted to unearthing a fraud of Rs 115.15 billion ...
The nationalisation of banks by Mrs Indira Gandhi on the midnight of 19th July 1969 changed the way banking was done in India
The accounts given by executives suggest an answer as simple as it is alarming: no one was paying attention
The Union also alleged that the RBI has failed to fulfill its role as a regulator of the banking sector
CBI questions Nirav Modi's CFO Vipul Ambani; searches PNB's Brady House branch
Informal lenders, suppliers to Nirav Modi and Choksi firms will be starved of cash
Most frauds in Indian banking have been due to use of LCs.
And, PNB seems to be a favourite with such fraudsters
The RBI, on Friday, denied reports it had issued instructions to PNB to meet its commitments under LoUs to other banks
Public ownership creates a complicated three-way line of control - ownership and regulation between the government, the regulator ...
State Bank of India, the country's largest, uses products from Tata Consultancy Services for its CBS
Takru said he had met Dubey when the latter had offered to resign as director in Allahabad Bank
The RBI expects the assessment to show if the systemic failure was only in PNB or in the overall banking universe
While the scam highlights the need for an overhaul of the oversight mechanism of banks and of their internal controls, questions ...
Conniving PNB staff got 'commission' on every LoU
The ensuing blame game could sully reputations and fracture an already fragile relationship between brands and endorsers
The ED on Friday and Saturday also conducted raids at 35 and 21 locations across India respectively in connection with the 114 ...
The public sector bank has a total exposure of Rs 82 billion under NCLT in 24 accounts
An index mapping the countrys short term financial conditions has plunged over 12 points for the fourth quarter of the current ...
The alleged fraud at PNB benefited billionaire jeweller, Nirav Modi and jewellery retailer Gitanjali
PNB has unearthed Rs 114 billion fraud allegedly involving billionaire jeweller Nirav Modi and associate companies
It is suspected that the shell firms were being used by the accused to launder money and create "benami" assets
The agency has an AAA and AA ratings on the various debt instruments of the Delhi based public sector lender
The total NPAs of all public and private banks were worth Rs 8.36 trillion as of September 2017
She also demanded an investigation into those involved in effecting the transfers or removals
He called upon the Reserve Bank of India to take a lead and engage with the industry in finding ways to do clean business in the ...
Indian Bank had taken steps to increase business levels as there was 'slight stagnancy earlier'
The banking regulator is conducting a supervisory assessment of Punjab National Bank, while all banks have beefed up their vigil ...
PNB said it had detected the gigantic fraud in one of its Mumbai branches, putting the quantum of fraudulent transactions at ...
The PNB fraud pertains to issuance of fake Letters of Understanding to companies associated with billionaire jeweller Nirav Modi ...
A native Kannada speaker, Shetty grew up in Mangalore, but came to Mumbai for studies
Prasad's letter to the PMO was made public by the Congress
Congress leader Singhvi issued statement claiming that his family company has no connections with Nirav Modi's firms, except that ...
CEA offers three compelling arguments in his case for privatisation of govt-owned banks
But the total hit to Indian banks 'may well exceed' that amount, the I-T department said in its note
PNB put value of outstanding claims in fraud involving billionaire jeweller Nirav Modi at over Rs 110 bn
This, despite Firestar International suffering from a high-leverage, off-balance-sheet exposure
CBI said accused were not cooperating with investigation so custody required 'to recover important missing documents'
The branch officials requested the firms to furnish at least 100% cash margin for issuing LoU for raising buyer's credit
Just recently Nirav was seen and photographed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Davos: Sena mouthpiece
FIR against the rest of Rs 113 billion raised by Nirav Modi companies through fraud on PNB is yet to be filed
People detained including PNB's former deputy manager Gokulnath Shetty, bank's single window operator Manoj Kharat, and Hemant ...
In March 2017, Ind-Ra said it had rated the company's debt instruments at 'IND A-' with a stable outlook
The billionaire jeweller to the world's rich and famous was doing well for himself.
Nirav Modi's troubles, however, grew along ...
The saga unfolded after a bribery complaint by the Hong Kong branch of an Indian bank
The PNB also named the banks in the complaint, which included the Frankfurt and Mauritius branches of the State Bank of India
Banking hurdles in way of rupee investment route
The industry is now technically insolvent, with the market capitalisation of many companies now lower than their debt outstanding
The ED has sent out letters of request, called 'letters rogatory', with a clutch of evidence to the concerned enforcement ...
Surjewala said that not just the PNB, the fraud covers 16 other banks
In India, loan frauds typically refer to cases where the borrower intentionally tries to deceive the lending bank and does not ...
CBI said PNB officials Gokulnath Shetty and Manoj Kharat, in connivance with accused companies, defrauded the bank of Rs 48 bn
Passports of Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi suspended for four weeks
NPCI, however, stays silent on the key issue of two-factor authentication; sources, however, claim that WhatsApp will play by ...
Tax sleuths also pasted attachment notices at immovable properties of Modi, his wife Ami and his firms located in Mumbai, Surat, ...
The former top bank official said the scam that started during UPA rule increased 50 fold in the NDA rule
Allahabad Bank was among other banks that were said to have offered credit based on Letters of Undertaking issued by PNB
The ED had also moved the external affairs ministry to revoke their passports, following which the MEA suspended it temporarily
RBI said it has already undertaken assessment of control systems in PNB and will take appropriate supervisory action
CBI raided the offices of jewellery retailer Gitanjali on Friday in a widening probe into the fraud
In the last three trading sessions, the company m-cap saw a total erosion of Rs 8,731.5 crore.
This is more than 6-times of the ...
PNB has lot of resources, including non-core assets, to fix the problem, says Sunil Mehta
CBI conducted raids at several locations of Geetanjali Jewelers
The Union Bank was among other banks that were said to have offered credit based on Letters of Undertakings (LoUs) issued by PNB
CBI searches premises of Gitanjali group of companies at 20 locations in six cities; approaches Interpol
Amid the blame game between Punjab National Bank and other affected lenders, the elaborate web of deception has left bank ...
He said PNB will settle liabilities towards other banks by March end and no further capital infusion would be needed as these ...
The officials also said the central agency approached the Interpol with a request for issuing Diffusion Notice which was aimed at ...
Sebi accords utmost importance to market conduct and integrity.
Anyone found violating the securities laws will be dealt with ...
SBI Chairman Ranjish Kumar said the bank has some exposure on Gitanjali Gems, owned by Mehul Choksi, uncle of Nirav Modi
The case surfaced as a rule change by RBI in early January forced PNB to tap Nirav Modi and other importers for more margin ...
'The bank will get its recapitalisation share of Rs 50 billion, as allocated earlier,' stated the FinMin sources
Geetanjali group is promoted by Mehul Choksi
The New Delhi bureaucrat who runs India's banking sector says this is an "isolated" incident
Officials said the CBI approached the Interpol with a request for issuing Diffusion Notice, which was aimed at locating an ...
While Modi runs the jewellery brand chain under his name, Choksie is the promoter of Gitanjali Gems
With several questions still unanswered, here's what we know about the PNB fraud case
Senior BJP leader and Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad rebutted the Congress's allegations on the issue
Bankers say it is the nature of the business of public sector banks that makes them susceptible to fraud
PNB executives had opened fraudulent letters of undertakings (LoUs) without authority on behalf of firms belonging to the Nirav ...
RBI seeks detailed report on what happened between 2011 and now; bankers to recall loans to Nirav Modi entities
Lenders allowed CARE to withdraw ratings for Nirav Modi's company
Financial Services Secretary Rajiv Kumar told media persons PNB had 'sufficient funds' to provision for the losses arising out of ...
The PNB chief also said Modi had come out with 'vague offers' to repay the amounts due and had not submitted a concrete plan
The search operation came after the agency filed a Rs 2.8-billion money laundering case against Modi; his wife, Ami; brother ...
The committee is headed by senior Congress leader Veerappa Moily, and former prime minister Manmohan Singh is also a member
The finance ministry has issued an advisory to all banks to review their large customer exposures, according to media reports
PNB Chairman and Managing Director Sunil Mehta said it has the capability to recover the dues from Modi and promised to take ...
While PNB did not name the other lenders, Union Bank of India, Allahabad Bank and Axis Bank are said to have offered credit based ...
The bank has claimed in three complaints to the CBI that so far it has detected 150 LoUs which were fraudulently issued by its ...
Shares of state-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) dropped 12 per cent on Thursday to Rs 128.4. The lender, in the epicenter of a ...
The RBI will also allow standalone primary dealers to avail term repo auctions on March 28,
On Jan 23, Modi, who is believed to be in Switzerland, was also present in a group photo of Indian CEOs with Prime Minister ...
RBI has made their stand very clear that PNB is liable to pay dues to peer banks: Report
CEO said that the scam was detected by bank officials for the first time on January 25
PNB said it had been defrauded of about Rs 114 billion by jeweller Nirav Modi, his maternal uncle Mehul Chinubhai Choksi, and ...
Confirming the development, an ED official said that search operation is underway and would continue for two days
Some banks have direct exposure to Nirav Modi's companies
The road and infrastructure cess will now effectively generate the same amount to the Central revenues in the next financial year
Modi has been relentless in building his brand regardless of banks having a problem of fraudulent and unauthorised transactions ...
Data released by the RBI last March revealed that during the first nine-months of 2016-17, 455 cases of fraudulent transactions ...
Alteria Capital, the venture debt fund floated by Hattangdi and his former colleague Vinod Murali, has roped in a public sector ...
Several financial institutions, including SIDBI, Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance and Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance have also ...
'There is a clear criminal connivance of group companies of Nirav Modi and Gitanjali Gems,' said PNB
The trading patterns of the companies as well as their senior officials who have come under the lens would also be looked by Sebi
Bankers said the Gitanjali group had a standard account with IDBI Bank and Dena Bank
The latest fraud is a failure of management supervision and accountability, say experts
Core banking system bypassed to issue unauthorised and fraudulent guarantees
Transactions via core banking  services have seen a 400 per cent spike in 2017 on increasing  use of agent points for financial ...
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank posted a net loss of Rs. 12.64 billion for the quarter ended December 31, 2017 as compared to ...
Banks are now looking at their systems and processes so that such frauds are not repeated
The fraudulent transactions, which can be as much as $1.77 bn, along with new NPA rules can lead to a surge in provisioning
The company has identified projects in the Mumbai metropolitan region, Bengaluru and Chennai
The bank has detected some fraudulent transactions in one of its branches in Mumbai for the benefit of a few select account ...
Earlier in the day, the state-owned lender said that they had cracked a case of swindling, which was contingent in nature
The case poses further questions about the health of India's other banks, that are already grappling with one of the worst ...
New RBI rules make accounts with 60-90 days' unpaid dues vulnerable
Complex legalities and short timelines push these companies away from bidding process
Though framework is positive for banking sector in long-term, it will take a toll on its profits in near-term as provisioning ...
Bankers said the new framework would force defaulted accounts to the resolution path
Banks collectively had reported a gain on treasury of Rs 598 billion in FY17
Bankers said RBI wants IBC main tool for resolution where banks fail to reach a consensus
RBI had said companies will get six months from March 1 to get their house in order or go for bankruptcy
Matter to be referred to Insolvency Board within 15 days
Sequentially, the net loss widened from Rs 10.35 billion in the second quarter (July-September) of 2017-18
Total income was up at Rs 49.03 billion from Rs 45.57 billion in the year-ago period
Provisions for bad loans jumped 72% to Rs 43.73 billion
In the current financial year, PSBs have written off loans worth Rs 536.25 billion in the six months to September
The Union Budget 2018 has imposed an LTCG tax of 10 per cent on investors in stock markets who sell their shares after one year
Information technology services and pharma, India's two biggest exporting sectors, continue to face headwinds
The least loss is likely to be in case of Bhushan Steel, for which JSW Steel has offered Rs 280 bn of cash and equity worth Rs 17 ...
There is no more market stabilisation scheme, says Economic Affairs Secretary S C Garg
Asked to provide the details of deadline for finishing the counting of demonetised notes, the RBI said "specified bank notes are ...
The banks proposed, that more "ideal benchmark could be constructed based on deposit rates of the banking system as a whole".
IPPB is also expected to enable more than 17 crore active account-holders of post office savings bank to make interoperable ...
Since the government borrowed through floaters, the interest rate is likely to rise in the near term
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 11.31% at December-end, compared with 11.16% in the previous quarter and ...
Loss mainly due to RBI-mandated reclassification of corporate loans
"The government welcomes the MPC's assessment and notes its decision to maintain the policy rate," he said
The provisioning for bad loans and contingencies was at Rs 34.27 billion during the quarter
The bank reported a rise in gross NPAs at 10.35% as against 9.83% in the previous quarter ended September.
Total income of the bank also fell to Rs 37.21 billion from Rs 48.64 billion in the same period a year ago
We expect fintech companies playing a significant role in shaking the earning foundation of big banks, as they are significantly ...
Expects moderate improvement in profitability and asset quality stabilisation
Muthoot Finance Managing Director George Alexander Muthoot says the company is looking at options beyond gold loans
Discussions around the health insurance scheme were the major talking point at the Round Table, considering the scale and ...
The rating agency has maintained a stable outlook on private sector banks and large public sector banks (PSBs) for FY19
Home loans taken before April 1, 2016 were based on base rate, which was arbitrarily decided by banks
The ombudsman will exercise jurisdiction over the companies it in a phased manner, starting with deposit-taking NBFCs
One cannot rule out disclosure of more such cases of fraud to relevant authorities in the coming months as banks have been asked ...
Replying to a query on direct taxes, Debroy said that it was perfectly possible to scrap income tax and other direct taxes
RBI will issue necessary instructions in this regard by the end of next week
The proceeds will be used for funding the bank's IFSC Banking Unit in Gift City (in Gujarat) and expand IBU's rapidly growing ...
The central bank can openly buy from the secondary market through its open market operations programme
The lender said some of the matters are sub-judice, including its appeal against a fine of an equivalent of Rs 50 million
The public sector lender's total income increased by 8.02 per cent to Rs 152.57 billion for the quarter under review
The bank began the groundwork in the third quarter and part of the plan will be implemented in the fourth quarter
Bank's Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) stood at 11.29 per cent at end of December 2017, against 11.43 per cent in December 2016
Net revenue for the reporting quarter stood higher at Rs 3.55 billion, up by 34.3 per cent versus Rs 2.64 billion in December ...
The Central Board of the Bank at its meeting scheduled for February 9 will consider the proposal of raising equity capital
Net NPAs too rose to 12.17 per cent of the net advances by end of the third quarter from 10.67 per cent in same period a year ago
If advances grow more than 7 per cent or 8 per cent, banks may need $14 billion toward additional provisioning even after the ...
The lender has also decided to discontinue the computation and declaration of MCLR for tenors above one year
However, asset quality improves as gross NPAs drop to 4.24%
A strong US payrolls report on Friday raised concerns the Federal Reserve might hasten to increase interest rates to stem ...
In the December quarter performance announced last week, the bank had reported a domestic NIM of 3.53 per cent
According to the Finance Bill 2018, this amendment will apply in relation to the assessment year 2001-02 as well as subsequent ...
For deposits of two years and above but less than three years, the interest rates were revised to 3.31% from 3.08%
Foreign shareholding in the largest private sector banks is well over 70%
Finance minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said the government is committed to consolidation of banks and privatisation of IDBI ...
This is the third time since December 29 that the central bank has cancelled, either fully or partly, an auction
The bank had reported a net loss of Rs 4,984.7 million in the October
Bad loan accretion sees some respite and loans grow 15%, but net falls by 32.4% and core revenues up only 10%
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 7.82% at the end of December, compared with 7.87% at Sept. 30 and 7.2% a ...
Coupon rate fixed at 7.35-7.68%
SBI Life said the increase in net premium income was primarily due to increase in retail new business premium and also due to ...
Move comes at a time when the banking system is facing liquidity squeeze; no major impact on cost of funds, says bank
CRISIL said ratings assigned to Basel III tier I bonds have been reaffirmed for nine PSBs and outlook has been retained as ...
T E NarasimhanThe government's plan to infuse a Rs 46.94 billion into Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) would heklp the Bank to comply ...
Lawyers say SBI's credit recovery team will have to wait for a while
RBI's clean-up drive, tighter rules helping; overdue loans also ease in September
Rationalisation could be in terms of consolidation of operations, trimming of staff strength
Shares of large public sector banks (PSBs) fell sharply on Thursday after the government's Rs 880-billion capital infusion plan ...
SoftBank is in talks with Indian insurance start-up PolicyBazaar without pushing foreign investment above 49%.
Focus shifts to board governance, performance improvement.
Rethink on public offering in Fy18
The total amount is around 30% of the state banks' equity base and is a significant shift away from the earlier drip-feed
State Bank of India shares were down 2.7 per cent, Punjab National Bank was down 3.5 per cent
IDBI Bank, the lender with the highest stressed-loan ratio, will get the biggest chunk of the money at 106.1 billion rupees
Govt sets strict terms for banks; to bring out report card on compliance
The short-list threw up 18 names with a decent representation across public sector and both old and new private banks
When we now talk about stressed loans of more than Rs 10 trillion, the 10 years from 2004 to 2014 become important, for this was ...
Govt has pegged the fiscal deficit target at 3.2% of the GDP for the current financial year
CMD Rakesh Sharma said, 'We had to make Rs 740 million provision on treasury bonds which affected the decline in profits'
Banks say govt should allow full tax deduction on NPA provisioning as against 5% cap of taxable income in Budget 2018
The bonds will be of 10-15 year tenure and the coupon will be set at a spread over the three-month average yield
IDBI Bank getting the most at Rs 106 bn, SBI to get Rs 88 bn, Rs 92.32 bn for Bank of India; loans above Rs 2.5 bn will undergo ...
Earlier, an average BC, providing a business of Rs 0.5-0.7 million a month, would earn as much as Rs 5,000-7,000 as commission
The company is likely to sign-up more loan agreements to pay for acquiring government's 51.11 per cent stake in HPCL for Rs ...
In the last 3 months of 2017, almost $150 bn was processed in transactions - nearly 10 times more than a year earlier and seven ...
Bank's Capital Adequacy Ratio stood at 17.5 per cent at end of December 2017
Said in the last few quarters, a large proportion of PSBs' operating profit was derived from the profitable sale of investments
India remains a small player in the G3 bonds market that's dominated by Chinese firms, which raised an equivalent of $215 billion ...
The cases relate to four branches of the bank in Bhopal and Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh
During the present recapitalisation exercise, the bonds will have non-SLR status and will be non-tradable
Action to be taken based on the outcome of investigation: Lender
Banks are saddled with over Rs 10 trillion of bad loans in the system
Improving the quality of credit appraisal at these banks is among the likely changes
IL&FS Transportation Networks,  part of the IL&FS Group, today said its board has given nod  for issuance of masala bonds worth ...
In the next three-four years, India will have a billion plus smartphones, Kant said
Net interest margin, the difference between the yield on advances and cost of fund, stood at 3.5%
Earlier this month, SBI had announced plans to raise up to $2 billion by issuing bonds in the US dollar
There is discussion within the Union government on the idea of raising the foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in private ...
The Reserve Bank has also virtually told the banks that it would not allow any special dispensation to safeguard their bottom ...
In a statement, the central bank clarified that it puts into circulation the coins minted by government mints
Acharya's criticism on interest rate risk has not gone down well among public sector bankers
NOC will be waived for transactions between firms under insolvency and those buying their assets
Housing finance companies (HFCs) and public sector banks (PSBs) experienced a slowdown in housing loan disbursements during ...
The Nifty Private Bank index has rallied 150% in the past five years compared to 78% returns given by the Nifty amid a steady ...
It has currently factored in no change in rates in 2018 and two 25 basis points hikes next year
During the quarter, the gross non-performing assets (NPAs) fell to 2.52% from 2.77%
Over 5.5 lakh shares of the company were traded on both NSE and BSE stock exchanges
These bonds carry an interest rate of 9.85% per annum for a period of 10 years from Jan 12, 2018
The bank expects to be out of RBI's watchlist soon as it has put in place an aggressive bad loan recovery strategy
Right career moves and retail banking boom have helped Vaidyanathan reach the corner office
IDFC Bank would issue 139 shares for every 10 shares of Capital First; m-cap of combined entity would be Rs 313 bn
But, growing deposit base will be the real test
The World Bank's chief economist said he would recalculate national rankings of business competitiveness going back at least four ...
This will be the first equity raising by the country's largest pure-play mortgage lender in over a decade
Indian Overseas Bank Officers'Association (IOBOA), the officers' trade union in IOB, has extended support to the managements ...
Improved resolution climate and commercial compulsions force banks to clean up their books
Downgrading of accounts impacted the profitability as well as non-performing asset (NPA) position of the bank retrospectively
Statement follows cyber security firm Quickheal's warning to lenders about a malware in mobile banking apps running on Android
IBM looks forward to general insurance firms coming on board
Gross NPA ratio jumped by about 22 bps year-on-year to 1.16% in Q3
SBI had earlier proposed to raise Rs 50 billion for the purpose
The capital adequacy ratio (CRAR) for the quarter was 15.83 per cent an improvement against 15.31 per cent in the previous
Private sector lender IndusInd  Bank today posted a 24.72 per cent increase in net profit to  Rs 936.25 crore for the quarter ...
Nainital Bank has about 135 branches spread across five states in the country
Firms rated AA and below would find it cheaper to take a bank loan over a bond issue
SBI is the lead banker in 6 out of 12 large NPAs with a total outstanding loan of Rs 1.75 trillion
It also warned of a surge in oil prices causing the 'twin deficit' problem with a surge in fiscal and current account gaps
Loan book and branch network stand reduced as parents go slow on India
Nabard is allowed to raise up to 10 times of its net owned fund which would be nearly Rs 380 billion by end-March
T E NARASIMHANIndian Overseas Bank (IOB's)  decision to utilise the share premium money to write off loss is expected to help the ...
However, banks might not prove to be receptive to the OMCs' demand
The bank said it has time until March 2018 to raise the funds
Punjab National Bank topped the chart with 143 NPA accounts carrying over Rs 1 billion each
As most of public sector banks and some private banks are grappling with bad loans for last many years, it has generated a ...
The base figures are getting revised due to the demonetisation drive and that is where you are seeing the growth, said SBI's P K ...
RBI's May 2017 guidelines shifted the focus from branches to banking outlets
Smaller banks have been more agile in the initial days of the Insolvency framework by moving more cases to the National Company ...
Recently, UBI's board of directors had approved a proposal to issue up to 50 million equity shares in one or more tranches by way ...
Konark chakra symbol is printed on the new Rs 10 note to be issued by the RBI
Nearly half the currency notes circulated by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) during the first nine months of 2017-18 were of ...
It recently said on an average balance of Rs 3,000 in the metros, SBI earned only Rs 6 a month
Against the older 10-year benchmark, the government had raised Rs 1.21 trillion
RBI approached for leeway to spread the losses over some quarters
Bank will utilise funds in its share premium account to write off accumulated losses of Rs 69.8 bn at the end of last fiscal year
As such, even as the market is not expecting a rate hike immediately
The process will require an engineer to visit each ATM location and recaliberate one of the cassettes to accommodate the Rs 200 ...
Coinciding with the rollout of Goods and Services Tax (GST) in July 2017, the second quarter of July-September 2017 in the ...
The report also predicts that bad loan issues that the banks face today may peak by this fiscal year
Last year this time credit growth base was low owing to demonetisation
Lenders, which will receive capital via preferential issue of shares, include Bank of India, IDBI Bank and UCO Bank
In face of threats of merger and salary cuts, the employees and officers of UCO Bank have joined hands and launched a new ...
The RBI inspection has revealed high net NPAs and negative ROA for two consecutive years
Centrum will also raise a sum not exceeding Rs 7.5 billion through issue of securities in one or more tranches
RBI granted the licence to IPPB on January 20, 2017 to carry out payments bank activities
Industry players want the RBI to raise the lending limit for individual borrowers and remove it for institutional lenders
SBI has close to 405 million savings account customers
Payments banks were created to improve access to formal financial channels or services for small depositors, businesses, ...
The SBI, after a gap of six years, had reintroduced the monthly average balance (MAB) charges from April 1, 2017
RBI has already advised the banks to accept coins for transactions and exchange at all their branches
PNB has 21.38 per cent ownership in Principal-PNB Asset Management Co and 30 percent in Principal Trustee Co
Targets set during the previous recapitalisation plan were too high, and banks weren't able to achieve them
Eight million customers to gain from move designed to reward loyalty
Banking outlets are emerging as the new bankable model for financial inclusion in Odisha.
The outlets are gaining currency as the ...
The rural development refinancing agency National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard's) developmental financial ...
The country's soured-debt ratio is the worst among the world's largest economies, data compiled by the IMF show
The tenor of the loan is for three years and will be used for general banking purposes
IPO will comprise a fresh issue of up to 97.7 million shares while selling shareholders are offering up to 21.6 mn shares
Capex-driven loan demand still a while away
RBI will have to remain the proverbial owl -- as was described by the RBI Governor a few years back
As on June 30, 2017, Standard Chartered Bank had the highest number of branches
Two big bang reforms-demonetisation and goods and services tax - did not deliver what they had promised in 2017
The infusion is in terms of the Ministry of Finance, Department of Financial Services, Government of India
The lender was also rumoured to be a target for a merger, given its vast network of outlets, franchise and rich talent resource
Debt waiver schemes announced by state governments pull down recovery
The signal from the RBI has been that high yields would not be acceptable to the central bank or the government
State-owned Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has sold its Bhushan Steel account with less than 40 per cent write-off (haircut is the ...
To comply with Basel-III Capital Regulations, banks need to improve and strengthen their capital planning processes
Earlier in November, the bank had said it will sell stake, either in part or full, in subsidiary firm Canara Robeco Asset ...
IDBI Bank had said that the intention to sell stake was to mobilise funds by existing non-core business
The study, by Ashish Das, showed that some banks like Yes Bank and Indian Overseas Bank have been imposing penal charges of over ...
Bank of Baroda to acquire 51% stake in Baroda Pioneer Asset Management Company and Baroda Pioneer Trustee Company from UniCredit ...
SBI's capital adequacy ratio (CAR) was 13.56 per cent at the end of September 2017, with common equity tier-I at 10.24 per cent ...
Inquiry reveals lender's leaked earnings closely matched with actual figures; regulator asks Axis Bank to conduct inquiry and ...
Kolkata-based National Insurance has postponed its initial public offering (IPO) to the next financial year.
Earlier, the public ...
With the arrival of new players such as Amazon Pay, Google Tez and Flipkart's PhonePe, companies are now changing their business ...
Axis Bank has to complete the internal inquiry within three months and file a report to Sebi within seven days thereafter
The Indian banking sector has been classified under 'Group 5' along with countries such as Italy, Spain, Ireland, the UAE and ...
Basel III reforms are the response of Basel Committee on Banking Supervision to improve banking sectors ability to absorb shocks
For export of services, insurance companies operating from IFSC are exempted from GST
NBFC retail credit grew by nearly 16 per cent year-on-year to Rs 6.6 trillion as of September, against 15 per cent in FY17 and 19 ...
Lendingkart said it has disbursed over 20,000 loans to more than 12,000 SMEs across 23 sectors
Canara Bank said stock closed 1.26 per cent higher at Rs 374.60 apiece on the BSE
AIBEA and AIBOA had threatened to go on strike on Dec 27 in support of their demand for early wage revision
The global ratings firm had also downgraded the bank's local and foreign currency bank deposit ratings to B1 from Ba2
Earlier in October, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced an unprecedented PSU banks recapitalisation programme of Rs ...
The rise of self-service technology for partners and consumers drastically reduced the servicing cost for enterprises and ...
Lenders list criteria for stressed assets as insolvency proceedings enter final lap
The RBI too has upped its inflation projection to 4.2-4.6% by March 2018
According to the RBI's Financial Stability Report, new investment proposals have declined significantly in Q2FY18
The NPA was 5.7% in 2014-15, which rose to 7.3% in the following fiscal and further to 7.67% in the last financial year
The committee has also made a case for amending banking laws, including the SBI Act, to provide for disclosure of names of loan ...
Post the acquisition of shares, Life Insurance Corporation's stake in PNB increased to 13.93%
Deeper Internet penetration and a digital boost from the government has helped fintech companies find a larger audience across ...
On November 29, the Capital Raising Committee of the board of the bank had approved its proposal to set up the MTN programme
Senior bank executives said beside tax related work, banks are also involved in managing assignment like payments for various ...
An inter-disciplinary standing committee on cybersecurity has been constituted by the RBI
The central bank had issued a similar clarification in June also
According to the FSR, foreign investors are increasingly keeping their investment position unhedged
The fundraising would be by way of a perpetual debt instrument from domestic of overseas markets in Indian rupees
Committee appreciates that RBI is in favour of making available information on wilful defaulters in public domain
A final word on the potential of AT1 bonds to wreak havoc in the global financial system from a systemic perspective, with many ...
The central bank had issued a similar clarification in June also
The FSR report said public-private partnership (PPP) projects involving high leverage were also undertaken
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government was very much conscious that the development of infrastructure is crucial to ...
As of March 2017, the AUM for Edelweiss was Rs 6,000 crore including the assets of JP Morgan AMC which it acquired in 2016
Banks might not have realised the exact implication of risky projects under PPP projects, which were getting implemented under ...
One of the hottest topics amid all the market chatter has been bitcoin's stratospheric ascent
Asks India to strengthen RBI's independence
PSBs registered GNPA ratio at 13.5% and stressed advances ratio at 16.2% in September
Here is a status check on how they performed in the past two quarters ended on September 2017
Under increasing pressure from Reserve Bank of India to improve its financials, United Bank of India has stepped- up efforts ...
At the end of September, Bank of India's gross NPAs stood at 12.62%
CFHL had registered a net profit of Rs 74.99 crore during the second quarter ended September
IMF welcomed the government's plan to inject about $32 billion to recapitalise state-run lenders
It would be the biggest fundraising exercise by any Indian firm ever
The Centre did not release around Rs 6,500 crore to 13 public sector banks (PSBs) in 2016-17 under the Indradhanush plan as none ...
Some have tried to put in claims as financial creditors; even these have seen only partial acceptance
HDFC said its associate HDFC Bank is also a shareholder in CAMS
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd has said that it is planning to launch a Housing Finance Company (HFC) and to ...
The income tax department on Wednesday released statistics showing that 59,830 individuals with gross total income of over Rs 1 ...
Shareholders will be asked to vote on the plan on January 19, the lender said
Yes Bank joined hands with leading institutionallender of EU, the European Investment Bank (EIB) to fund $400 million inrenewable ...
The Kerala-based bank has collected Rs 1,450 crore since it began operations in March
Minister of State for Finance Shiv Pratap Shukla informed the Lok Sabha on Monday
Banks have been informed by Indian Banks' Association that members of All India Bank Employees Association and All India Bank ...
The panel has suggested to "lower the mandatory proportion of G-Secs' in the Life Fund and the Pension and General Annuity Funds
Major bank unions across the country have upped their opposition to the proposed Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance ...
STCI Finance is one of BoI's non-core investments which it has decided to monetise for raising resources
With InstaCard, customers can do online transactions on e-commerce websites immediately on receipt of the InstaCard, the ...
As of Nov 30, 2017, the New India Assurance Co Ltd has the highest market share in the non-life insurance market at 15.6%
Bad loans of PSBs were Rs 7.33 lakh cr as on June 2017, compared to Rs 2.75 lakh cr as on March 2015
The four claimed that the bank erred as it had not intimated them before debiting money from their account
According to Grant Thornton, there were 63 PE deals worth $3.019 bn in November this year
The Congress government and banks used to hide NPAs under the name of stressed assets, the rail minister added
The RBI has asked banks to refer all firms that have failed to repay their dues on time to the NCLT
SBI's Rajnish Kumar says companies' deleveraging impeding credit growth; ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar says if disintermediation is ...
Leading bankers and a former regulator debate the key issues facing the industry and the big changes ahead
Financial technology experts say note ban and GST roll-out have broadened the banking network and increased pace of digitization
A notice was issued to the bank 'advising it to show cause as to why penalty should not be imposed' on it for non- compliance ...
The bank had a net non-performing assets ratio of 10.24 percent as of end-September
Longfin is a non-banking fintech company providing structured commodity trade finance, having revenues to the tune of $27.7 mn in ...
In August, the Reserve Bank had asked banks to either resolve the 28 more large stressed accounts by December 13
Join banking industry MDs, CEOs, CTOs for the Business Standard Banking Round Table 2017
Jaiprakash Associates, Jayaswal Neco, Videocon may not land at the insolvency court if RBI extends deadline beyond Dec 13
The sale comprised about 14 per cent of the bank's outstanding equity
Ahead of the launch of the share sale, the stock closed at Rs 84.45 on the National Stock Exchange on Tuesday
State-owned LIC registered a fall of over 1.5 per cent in new premium collection at Rs 12,336.53 crore during the month
According to a source and the deal term sheet, Punjab National Bank is looking to sell the shares at an indicative price of 168 ...
At a discussion on policy, two former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governors were critical of the farm debt waiver announcements ...
If debt resolution is not finalised by December 13 for the 28 companies, insolvency proceedings will kick off
Even if some payment comes based on the old IFSC codes, it will get mapped with the new codes, said Praveen Gupta
In India, the term 'ponzi' is often used for illicit collective investment schemes
Typically, such fraudsters make calls or send SMSes and emails to gullible people promising lotteries and prize money from the ...
The MCLR for six-month and one year lending have been kept unchanged at 8.25 per cent and 8.45 per cent
The shareholders approved the fund-raising during an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) of the bank
The MCLR for overnight, and six-month lending have been kept unchanged at 8.10 per cent and 8.30 per cent
The bank has initially given a price guidance of 170 bps over the US treasury for the 144 A RegS issue
Several MFI players reported over 98 per cent collection efficiencies for the loans disbursed after January 2017
The consent of creditors or depositors is not required for bail-in
The bank said it is the first lender in the country to introduce a fully digital and paperless procedure for opening a PPF
Indian Overseas Bank, Central Bank of India and Bank of Maharashtra resisted resolution plan citing the 75% vote share clause
Currently, Indian corporates are permitted to refinance their existing ECBs at a lower all-in-cost
Said visually-impaired people were finding it difficult to use them due to their size and the tactile marks
In October, govt announced Rs 2.1 lakh crore capital infusion into NPA-hit public sector banks over next two years
Charges capped at Rs 1,000 for merchants with over Rs 20 lakh annual turnover
The RBI also kept the reverse repo rate unchanged at 5.75%
The central bank's holding of sovereign debt also went up to 14.7% of the total stock as of March 2017
This is Abu Dhabi Investment Authority fourth investment in the Indian financial space
Says Q2 growth at 6.3% was weaker than expected
The six-member monetary policy committee's two-day meeting to decide on policy rates will start on Tuesday
Bank of Maharashtra, in a stock exchange filing, said it was launching the share sale
The bank has already appointed merchant bankers for the QIP and is expected to hit the market in the next few days
During 2016-17 the group sales constituted 80 per cent premium income and retail the balance 20 per cent
Activist Batra wrote to Urjit Patel, alleging that SBI was violating its directions on 'protection of customer's information' by ...
In case of incorrect transactions, banks and mobile wallets give some assistance.
Things get tougher when there is a payment ...
Plan includes floating recapitalisation bonds of Rs 1.35 lakh cr and raising Rs 58,000 cr from the market by diluting govt's
After clocking just under 10% growth for almost a year, credit expansion fell to under 5% starting November 2016
According to the bank's website, it had a network of 2,031 branches, 13 extension counters and 2,001 ATMs.
In 1940, the Rs 1 note was re-introduced with the status of a rupee coin
Last year, the bank got back about Rs 1,200 crore through recovery
Some commentators have suggested that the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill would take depositors' money to bail ...
However, weakness in the economic growth, as measured by the gross value added (GVA), could be a strong incentive to cut rates, ...
SBI raised interest rate on the shortest tenor deposit to 4.75% from 3.75%
The public sector bank said LIC shed stake in a market sale from September 1 to November 29
The agency said has had a negative sector outlook on the country's banks for many years.
This is due to large loans are given to businesses with poor repayment capacity, it said
Arun Jaitley had announced an unprecedented Rs 2.11 lakh crore two-year roadmap to strengthen public sector banks
Hit by resource crunch, especially capital, many public sector banks are reviewing their international operations
For short-term deposits (46-179 days), it will offer 4.85%; for those of a year to 10 years, the new rate is 5.25%
State Bank of India has raised its rate on all bulk term deposits by one per cent (100 basis points) from Friday.
The revision ...
The lender also raised interest by 100 bps on bulk deposits above Rs 10 cr
New rates for overnight lending for 1-6 months and 1-3 years reduced by 0.05% each in the range of 7.75-8.5%
The bank can raise money, in Indian or foreign currency through various means
An equity capital of Rs 2,000 crore raised, says ratings agency
He said that technology has changed the entire dynamics the way the banking is done in the country
The yields on the 10-year bond closed at 7.03% on Tuesday, while the three-month treasury bill closed at 6.12%
Oriental Insurance, which had seen its solvency ratio go below the mandatory level of 150 per cent, has improved it to 152 per ...
Bank of Baroda has sanctioned Rs 3,700 crore to anchor clients and expect to book loan business of Rs 700 crore-Rs 800 crore for ...
The repurchase will happen in the secondary market on Wednesday between 2 pm and 3 pm
A total of Rs 12,275 crore has been raised through the anchor investor route in 27 IPOs this year till now; issue size was Rs ...
Write-offs by commercial banks reach Rs 65,800 crore in first half of FY18
The rating agency expects the scope of a further cut in deposit rates to be limited
Oriental Insurance, which had seen its solvency ratio go below the mandatory level of 150%, has improved it to 152% for half year ...
Last year, IDBI Bank sold 2% stake in NSE to the country's largest insurer LIC
Currently, Swadhaar operates in 17 states and union territories through 242 branches
A lot of hope was built at banks around benefits from prompt resolution under the IBC from the fourth quarter of FY18
If banks won't lend, seek a loan from fintech lenders or P2P platforms to help you get out of a debt trap
Lenders are mining data on customers' smartphones to help assess their risk for loans in a potentially huge market
Haircuts might go up in some situations linked to the resolution plan, especially where number of bidders are less
Lakshmi Vilas Bank's issue will open on December 12 and end on December 26
The IDBI Bank employees went on two-day strike in October demanding revision of wages
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will tomorrow launch SBI's 'Yono', a lifestyle and financial services mobile app
Insurance sector regulator is open to allow Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) to increase its stake beyond the 15 per ...
New ordinance barred defaulters from bidding for stressed assets
Finance companies in India are expected to see an 18 per compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) for the next two and a half years ...
SBI Life is a joint venture between top Indian lender State Bank of India and BNP Paribas Cardif, and went public last month ...
Valuation of the stressed assets  facing insolvency proceedings is unlikely to be impacted with  the Ordinance that debars ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is all set to launch India's first comprehensive digital service platform, YONO, which stands for 'You ...
As per the companies law, corporates have to spend 2 per cent of average profit of previous three financial years under CSR
Fail to get desired results in all SDR cases, including RCom
UBI proposes to get the board's nod for the issue of five crore equity shares in the form of ESOPs/ESPs in one or more tranches
The move came as the regulator has not been happy with the banks' reluctance to pass on the rate cuts to borrowers form quite ...
Canara bank, as per regulatory filing, has decided to go for monetisation of non-core assets by selling its shares in part or ...
Newly-opened small finance bank (SFB) had a rough start, as many of them saw decline in profitability and loss in the second ...
Fifty of India's biggest defaulters are facing insolvency proceedings and may be sold off by court-appointed professionals, in a ...
Shares of the bank ended 2.17% lower at Rs 180.50 apiece on BSE
91% respondents in India expressed their willingness to run their finances through major tech firms rather than banks
The micro lender plans to open 145 new banking outlets by March next year, half of which would be in Kerala
When it comes to Delhi, the top five banks are the same but their percentages are quite different
Portea operates across four major segments; primary care, chronic disease management, elder care, and post-operative care.
YES Bank exercised a greenshoe option to raise $250 million in a five-year commercial loan from 17 Taiwanese banks
India's govt bonds have slumped since August due to a potential end to monetary easing, concern about rising supply and possible ...
Insurance companies stocks are emerging as one of the favorites for domestic mutual fund managers.
Until last year, the insurance ...
The digital advertising spend was estimated to be around Rs 7,500 crore at the end of 2016
The revival of private investment holds the key for growth, says Michael Patra
Issue was raised in a hearing related to Indian Overseas Bank's plea against Amtek Auto
NPAs of public sector banks increased to Rs 7.33 lakh cr by June 2017
Move expected to speed up the opening of Aadhaar enrolment and updation centres at bank premises
The debit and credit card  transactions have jumped to Rs 74,090 crore in September this  year, up a hefty 84 per cent as ...
Given the expertise, focus and core competency of mobile wallet players like Paytm and Mobikwik, it makes more sense for banks to ...
Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra recently sent notices to concerned authorities asking to frame an ...
Small finance banks (SFBs) have lined up firm plans for Odisha, a state with huge chunk of areas untouched by banking ...
YES Bank is pleased to partner Reliance General Insurance to offer a bouquet of insurance products to customers: CEO
The more number of families with a minimum Rs 10,000 in their accounts, the better a panchayat's chance of being on the positive ...
Rajnish Kumar also expects the rating of SBI to go up reflecting the higher sovereign ratings.
HDFC Life's rival SBI Life has also shed 6.4 percent since its listing last month after a $1.3 billion IPO
Moody's has also changed the ratings outlook to 'stable' from 'positive' for the four banks and some of their branches abroad
Banks globally have to comply with the Basel III norms so as to improve and strengthen their capital planning processes
To be used to fund a part of Rs 2.11-lakh crore plan to recapitalise banks
Navi Mumbai based  Suryoday Small Finance Bank plans to open 90 branches in different parts of the country  for providing banking ...
Provisions for non-performing assets rose about 13% to Rs 1,847 crore
The government, the RBI, and banks are in the final stages of discussion on bank recapitalisation bonds
Major banks introduced various mobile payments and banking applications for their retail and corporate customers
Finance ministry also asked banks to look at a differentiated approach so as to create niche for them
Named as PSB ThinkShop, (earlier editions were called Gyan Sangams), the weekend meet had been organised by the department of ...
Islamic or Sharia banking is a finance system based on the principles of not charging interest, which is prohibited under Islam
Islamic or Sharia banking is a finance system based on the principles of not charging interest, which is prohibited under Islam
The CFO will formulate accounting policy of the bank
Banks need to fundamentally reorient their business and adopt new strategies: Report
'It's not an easy money which is going to come, that is the main point,' said Rajiv Kumar, financial services secretary
Because the proportion of customers with two or more loans and availing a third one went up from 34% in Q2 of 2015 to an ...
Non-performing assets of PSBs have increased to Rs 7.33 lakh crore as of June 2017, from Rs 2.78 lakh crore in March 2015
RBI intervenes in the foreign market to contain volatility in the rupee and not set a price band
Only 9% of loan repayments due have been made in 2017 to NDCC bank in 2017, compared to 70% in 2016
The bank's total Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) was at 11.28 per cent as of September 30, 2017
The bank will raise Rs 9,063 crore from the share sale and Rs 2,563 crore from the sale of warrants
Net NPAs rose to 8.84 per cent of net loans, from 8.59 per cent
The bank had lent to nine of the 12 firms, and was an investor in one of the accounts
Net interest margin flat at 2.15%; deposits down 2%
Of the 29 cases on the RBI's second list, SBI has an exposure to 27 companies with loans amounting to Rs 26,636 crore
SBI share price gains 6%, as asset quality improves
Bank's asset quality worsened at the end of September quarter of 2017-18 with the NPAs hitting 17% of gross advances
The country's largest bank has an exposure of Rs 26,636 crore to 27 of about 30 such accounts listed by the RBI
Bank deposits fell Rs 27,280 crore to Rs 108 lakh crore in the two weeks to October 27
The bank had net profit of Rs 126.84 cr in July-Sept of previous fiscal year
Total income on standalone basis increased to Rs 65,429.63 crore in July-September 2017 against Rs 50,742.9 crore in the same ...
Job growth, consolidation also on the agenda
As on October 27, the total currency in circulation (CIC) was lower by 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis
SBI reduced its lending rate for home and auto loans by 0.05 percentage points
Issuing a notification in this regard, RBI said it has been observed that there are occasions when banks discourage senior ...
The SBI, last week, reduced its lending rate for home and auto loans by 0.05 percentage points
The co-branded card is set to be launched in early December
Plans to launch a $250-million Zodius Growth Capital Fund
Banks need to prepare themselves with as much speed as possible as: RBI
India's top lender, with assets of more than $500 billion, was catapulted into the league of the top 50 global banks this year
Pending cases at all-time high in district, state and national forum, touching 90% in some states
Central bank has become more aggressive in its liquidity absorption exercise and sold Rs 90,000 crore of bonds in the open market
Total income grew 11.3% to Rs 996 cr
The board of Axis Bank will meet on November 10 to consider a proposal to raise equity capital by issuing securities
The bank has formed a group of senior officials to do a detailed study and flesh out strategies for branch network
IDBI Federal Life Insurance has appointed global investment bank JPMorgan for the sale of all the stake held by its promoters -- ...
The first SmartUp zone was launched in New Delhi in October
A SmartUp Zone was today inaugurated in one of the bank branches
Private Equity /Venture Capital investments has recorded a new high at $21.8 billion in 2017 till date, surpassing the record of ...
Vishwavir Ahuja,  MD & CEO of RBL Bank, says the problem of non-performing assets (NPAs) in public banks is so huge that the ...
Earlier, customers were levied Rs 25 each for Rs 2-5 lakh online transaction via RTGS and Rs 50 each for such money transfers ...
While the share of gold loans in total loans saw an increase, its ticket size reduced significantly
It is a fine line for banks whether they can block any effort by wilful defaulter to bid for his own firm
The credit rating agency has affirmed the standalone credit profiles or baseline credit assessments of these three banks at Baa3
In the first half of the fiscal, the advances of the bank grew by about 8%
Indian Bank has reported a 11.45 per cent growth in net profit during the quarter ended September 30, 2017 at Rs 451.54 crore as ...
Even though bank's provision for bad loans and contingencies was raised to Rs 745 cr for the quarter, the net NPAs of bad loans ...
Small Finance Banks, which so long have been defying the trend of falling interest rates and offering as high as 9 per cent ...
NPAs of PSBs alone have increased from Rs 2.75 lakh cr in March 2015 to Rs 7.33 lakh cr as on June 2017
In recapitalising public sector banks by borrowing from banks themselves rather than from market, the govt is violating the ...
Slippages eased to Rs 3,517 cr in Q2; gross NPA ratio unchanged at 13%
The government is gearing to open 650 branches of India Post Payments Bank (IPPB) by April-May next year as it looks to ...
A $500-million investment in line four of metro rail and $600 million in sub-urban rail projects in Mumbai
The provision coverage ratio (PCR) stood at 56.06% at the end of September 2017
Share of retail and MSME loans stood at 42% in Sept 2017, compared with 38% share of corporate advances
The sum insured for the policy ranges from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 1 crore
However, the pace of slippages, advances becoming bad loans, is expected to moderate
The other members of the AM panel are Piyush Goyal and Nirmala Sitharaman
Foreign banks had 317 branches in 2015-16; it has reduced to 286
The net NPA too increased to 5.76% from 5.03%
With capital infusion from the government and a turnaround plan in place, IDBI Bank expects stability to return to its balance ...
RBI is keen for banks to lower lending rates further to accelerate credit growth, private investment
BNP Paribas reported in Q3, good business development in an improved economic environment in Europe: Bank statement
The bank's gross NPAs jumped to 17.27% of gross loans by September 30
Move to create large banks aims at meeting credit needs of growing Indian economy
Rs 2.11-lakh-cr recapitalisation plan includes Rs 1.35 lakh cr as bonds, Rs 58,000 cr of fresh capital and Rs 18,000 cr in govt ...
LIC, in the past, pumped capital in PSBs through preference share allotment and QIP
Perpetual bonds are called so because there is no set time period for maturity of these bonds
New Delhi, 29 OctoberState-owned banks should expect more government oversight of their operations."It cannot be business as ...
The sequential increase is led by RBI's audit of asset quality for FY17
The theme-based walks are spiced with stories and information of the sites, chats with locals and sampling of the local produce
A 55% rally in its shares this year has helped the lender jump 10 spots to 12th position
The company's gross premium increased to Rs 926 crore from Rs 690 crore a year ago
Its current accounts-saving accounts deposits rose to 28.18 per cent of total deposits from 16.71 per cent in the year-ago period
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 7.87% versus 7.99% q-o-q
Bankers feel that if a company is sold at less than half its valuation it will be unfair for creditors
Steel firm, facing insolvency, also sought equity support of 26% from the state
YES Bank does not expect any further divergence between reported bad loan ratios and the central bank's assessment
RBI should be the main one to ensure financial stability: Reddy
The Centre on Tuesday unveiled a Rs 2.11 lakh crore two-year road map for strengthening NPA-hit public sector banks, including ...
The private lender market valuation fell by Rs 5,611.71 cr to Rs 70,370.29 cr
Analysts, on average, had expected a net profit of Rs 331 crore: Thomson Reuters data
Says Rs 2.11 lakh cr bank recpitalisation exercise would spike up short-term rates and core inflation
According to the global financial services major, 'stronger growth and INR correlations with equities are supportive of further ...
Govt to issue recap bonds; no discussion on holding company route
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 1.82% at end-Sept, compared with 0.97% in Q1
On October 17, Axis Bank reported a 24 per cent quarter-on-quarter increase in non-performing loans in the quarter that ended ...
NBFCs may face some competition in the MSME segment
Estimates by rating agencies and analysts peg the capital requirement of PSBs for providing for NPAs at Rs 2.50 lakh crore
FM Jaitley had unveiled the roadmap for the strengthening of bad loans-hit public sector banks
The fiscal deficit target would be difficult to achieve if two-thirds of the planned recapitalization bonds are issued by the ...
The government on October 24 unveiled a Rs 2.11-lakh crore two-year road map to strengthen NPA-hit public sector banks, which ...
S&P Global Ratings today said the  Rs 2.11 lakh crore capital infusion into PSU banks will help  dealing with bloated balance ...
Operating profit increased 51%, to 933 million euros, but revenue fell 7% to 6.8 billion euros
In the 1990s, the govt had for the first time issued recap bonds worth Rs 20,000 cr
Focus of banks to shift towards enhancing recoveries, risk management and improving their liability profile
Its overall gross non-performing assets ratio had been broadly stable at 1.26%, among the lowest for any major lender
It had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 1,202 crore in the July-September 2016 quarter.
Finance ministry is working on structure of recapitalisation bonds, announcements likely over next few weeks
Nifty PSU banks index jumps a record 30%; m-cap of these stocks zooms to Rs 1.2 lakh cr; Sensex crosses 33k-mark
Price-to-book value ratio of state-owned banks jumped from 0.9x to 1.15x in a day, while private banks traded lower at 3.42x
Brokerages bullish on SBI, PNB & BoB, though some feel rally may subside as earnings take centre stage
It had posted net profit of Rs 90 crore in July-September 2016 (Q2 FY17)
Credit Suisse raised state-run lenders to 'a strong overweight position' from 'underweight'
The government unveiled a Rs 2.11-lakh crore two-year road map to strengthen NPA-hit public sector banks, which includes ...
Patel said "a well-capitalized banking, and in general, financial intermediation, system is a pre-requisite for stable economic ...
The government on October 24 unveiled Rs 2.11 lakh crore two-year road map for strengthening NPA-hit public sector banks, which ...
Latest move will, however, benefit capital-starved PSBs as they focus on business growth once their basic need of capital is ...
The move is aimed at creating jobs and boosting economic growth
The move will have cascading effects for lot of related sectors, said SBI chairman Rajnish Kumar
Specific loan loss provision up almost 70% to Rs 1,079 crore, NPAs rise substantially
The regulator has also levied a fine of Rs 2 lakh on Dadima Capital for violating disclosure norms
Yes Bank delayed reporting of information security incident involving its ATMs
Rs 76,000 cr for bank capitalisation will be from budgetary support and markets and Rs 1.35 lakh cr from front-loaded recap bonds
Various banks reported 4,851 cases of fraud involving about Rs 23,902 crore during 2016-17
The scenario analysis assumes about 35-40% of SBI's NPAs are resolved under various resolution processes in next 2 financial ...
Kerala-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) hopes to conclude its equity raising exercise by December.T S Anantharaman, chairman, ...
The Reserve Bank today said it has  set up a high-level task force on a Public Credit Registry for  India with an aim to improve ...
60% of growth comes from Tier-II and Tier-III cities
Rikhye joined the bank in 1989 and is currently the head of international markets, Asia Pacific
Banks want wages to be linked to productivity rather than the present practice of automatic hikes in wages based on tenure
The central bank has given lists of companies to banks for quick resolution
Open banking is an emerging service model that allows customers to share access to their financial data with non-bank third ...
For the quarter, Casa grew by 32.5%, helping the bank improve its cost-to-income ratio to 48.27% from 51.44%
NIA had appointed five merchant bankers - Kotak, Axis Bank, Nomura, IDFC and Yes Bank for the IPO
The scope of work of empanelled agencies would also encompass production of TV spots/radio jingles
The Reserve Bank has directed certain reclassifications in the private sector lender's asset classification and provisioning as ...
The RBI clarification followed media reports quoting a reply to an RTI application that suggested RBI hadn't issued any order for ...
While Punjab National Bank has to open enrolment centres in 1,132 branches, it has not yet started any
As many as 68% said they had access to a mobile phone while only 26% said they had ever received or sent a text message
HFC's scale of operations, although small, has been improving over the past few years
Customers availing loan amount of Rs 8 lakh to Rs 11.99 lakh will be offered an interest rate of 13.49% and loan amount of Rs 6 ...
IFMR Capital extended loans from its own balance sheet to four NBFCs with an outstanding amount of Rs 114 cr
The year-on-year bank credit growth as of September 15 stood lower at 7.5%
As on Aug 18, education loans outstanding were Rs 59,300 cr against Rs 61,500 cr as on Aug 19, 2016
With banks' earlier indications of their bad-loan situation being under control, the markets were expecting a stable asset ...
The company plans to raise up to Rs 6,000 crore by way of issuance of secured and unsecured non-convertible debentures
The gross and net NPA ratios were 5.75 per cent and 2.99 per cent, respectively, in June 2015
Credibility of MPC will be tested in the months ahead: Executive Director Patra
Brokerages cut price target and earnings forecast
RBI issues the revised guidelines on interest subvention scheme under DAY-NRLM
The employees are demanding wage revision from November 2012 to October 2017
Gross NPAs and net NPAs stood at 5.9% and 3.12% in September quarter against 5.03% and 2.30% in the June quarter respectively
All Airtel Payments Bank customers would also be able to access a range of convenient banking services at these fuel stations
Net interest income up 41% to Rs 1,958 cr, total income up 33% to Rs 2,341 cr; gross NPAs improve marginally
He has also seen a rise in use of working capital limits in some pockets, like textiles and he believes that the full effect of ...
Federal Bank's stock was trading 3.16 per cent up at Rs 121 per share on BSE
DCB Bank stock closed 0.65 per cent down at Rs 189.90 on BSE today
Induslnd bank will acquire Bharat Financial Inclusion Ltd and the transaction is expected to be completed in next 10 months
The outlook on all the long-term ratings is positive
The target is 3.2 per cent of gross domestic product and doesn't look achievable - the government is undershooting its revenue ...
Banks are looking at input credit in deciding how much working capital loans they should advance
SBI MF, in particular, took major interest in IndiGo and cornered shares worth Rs 800 crore alone
RBI at its policy review meeting earlier this month kept the key interest rate unchanged at 6%
His remarks came amidst an increased speculation over a possible fiscal stimulus which can go above Rs 40,000 crore after six ...
Around half a billion people have linked their Aadhaar ID to a bank account, claims UIDAI's ex-chairman
The cooperative banking sector, already under stress due to high non-performing assets (NPA), is bracing for significant addition ...
RBI has directed banks to set aside 50% cover in the form of provisions for the cases referred for insolvency proceedings
Shares of the bank today closed 0.17% up at Rs 30.30 per unit on BSE
Total income of the bank in July-September quarter of this fiscal rose by 4.6% to Rs 1,565.75 cr from Rs 1,496.07 cr a year ago
One size fits all approach may not work in all cases, SBI MD said
Strike to be held on October 24 and 25 with AIBEA calling upon all its unions to support the agitation by demonstrating in front ...
Earlier, the general perception among bankers and even policy makers at RBI was that the absence of a strong bankruptcy code was ...
The company plans to use excess margin from retail loans to subsidise good quality corporate book
The provisioning quantum was arrived at after an account-by-account analysis of the economic value of assets underlying large ...
RBI has assured of interoperability among mobile wallets,but said all entities would need to have a minimum net worth of Rs 5 ...
The sector is also witnessing some pressure in its asset quality as economy contracts
The QIP will close on October 13
The issue will open for subscription on October 17 and closes the same day
India is largely compliant with the risk-based capital and Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) norms
Banking sources said this is follow-on fundraising after it raised $400 million in August
The Bank's proposed capital raising up to a ceiling of Rs 2,000 crore is inclusive of premium, according to a regulatory filing
In the three months to June, SBI's gross NPAs rose to 9.97% from 7.40% and net NPAs jumped to 5.97% from 4.36%
In the previous six months they had risen 5.8%
Bonds raised by private firms also show a sharp increase
The non-life insurance firms had underwritten premium of Rs 15,428.17 crore in September 2016
The programme addresses RBI mandate for financial institutions to certify the proficiency of all staff in credit management
Bajrang Singh Shekhawat has been appointed executive director of Central Bank of India
Among state-owned banks, SBI and Bank of Baroda are the key picks
He underlined that the banking is passing through very tough times not just in the country but across the globe
In addition, the new-age banks are betting big on technology to reduce the cost of operations
In his first communication to SBI group employees, Kumar says a bank is as good as its frontline people
The housing loan portfolio of banks as a whole clipped at 18.27 per cent in fiscal 2017
RBI is expected to keep interest rates on hold over the coming months
Another player i2ifunding said with this, borrowing and lending activities will gather pace
Cost of pilot project over 3 years is Rs 18.40 cr; NGOs will also  educate on buying life insurance, pension products
Move comes in wake of owners of several undelivered flats wanting to seek relief under the said law
Gorss NPAs declined marginally to 13.66% of gross advances as on June 30, 2017 from 13.75% a year earlier
The bank posted a net loss for the June quarter, with net NPA rising to 9.56%
Rs 10 lakh cap on lending is restrictive, say players
RBI has already started recognising bad assets, provision them and is taking some of them via bankruptcy and insolvency process
On the reshuffle of posts, bankers said there could changes in the portfolio of MDs and DMDs
The fight against NPAs has dampened credit growth and slowed a long-awaited economic revival
Consolidation in PSU banks may lead to 10-15 lenders that are majority owned by govt, down from the current 21, says principal ...
The fight against NPAs has dampened credit growth and slowed a long-awaited economic revival
India's state-run banks have been battered by soured loans
The top accounts include Jai Balaji Industries (Rs 873 crore), MSP Metalics (Rs 554 crore) and Shiva Textfab Ltd (Rs 531 crore)
From a borrower's perspective, shopping for a loan, currently, can be seriously confusing
External benchmark could lead to extreme volatility in the interest rate process, say lenders
Currently, banks can use multiple market rates and each one is free to set its own benchmark
He also assured that the asset quality numbers would look much better than in the past
According to Kumar, consumer confidence and the consumer finance story remain intact
Move will help consumers compare loans fairly
Aggregate exposure restricted to Rs 10 lakh for both lenders and borrowers
Kumar is at present one of the four managing directors at SBI, looking after the National Banking Group
The bonds will carry a coupon rate of 8.55% per annum
Govt names Kumar as the new SBI chairman for a three-year term
With eight out of ten small finance banks now fully operational, aggressive deposit mobilization in the first year of operation ...
The repo rate is 6%; reverse repo rate is 5.75%
Statutory liquidity ratio reduced by 50 basis points to 19.5%
Incumbent Arundhati Bhattacharya set to retire on Friday
The company plans to expand to 31 branches and 3,000 customer service points by end of first year
The share of NBFC-MFIs came down to 31% at the end June, according to the Microfinance Institution Network
Equity and equity-linked issuance by Indian companies raised a total of $17.2 billion in the first nine months of 2017
Icra has assigned A1+ rating to the housing finance company's commercial paper
ICICI Bank's chief executive Chanda Kochhar announced a plan to train 1.5 lakh individuals for sanitation
Recently, SBI slashed charges on non-maintenance of MAB by 20-50 per cent across customer categories
State-owned insurance firm manages assets worth more than Rs 25.72 trillion
Private lender YES Bank plans to raise up to Rs 4,000 crore through tier-II bonds, for better capital adequacy and to support ...
The external debt to GDP) stood at 20.3% at the end of June quarter
Public sector lender Dena Bank  today said it will reduce its marginal cost based lending  rates (MCLR) by 0.20 percentage point ...
Bank deposits fell Rs 4,034 crore to Rs 107.07 lakh crore in the two weeks to September 15
Bank of Baroda cut the base rate by 0.35% to 9.15%
Inflation numbers, while still below RBI target of 4% are rising and this is an interesting point in RBI's inflation-targeting ...
The housing finance market in India is fragmented, with 80-plus players.
However, two large companies, HDFC and LIC, each has ...
After note ban, govt pushed banks into deploying millions of points-of-sale machines to encourage online payments
The bank said the offer is only for new home loan borrowers
The BPLR is 13.80 per cent per annum currently
Lenders stopped investing in PEs & credit funds after last year's master risk circular by the apex bank
For bigger amounts peer-to-peer lending platforms are good options
Rate cut applicable for deposits up to Rs 25 lakh
Base rate is the minimum rate below which a bank cannot lend
As on June 30, 2017, the total managed retail credit of NBFCs stood at Rs. 6.4 trn
Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) is planning to raise fund through rights issue.The Bank's has got the Board of Directors approval today ...
The insurer had fixed the price band at Rs 651-661 per share for the Rs 5,700-crore IPO
FM Jaitley recently said the govt would come out with additional measures to boost economic activities
Public sector lender IDBI Bank has hired The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) to accelerate a turnaround programme and improve its ...
Money to be raised in one or more tranches through private placement
The move is aimed at creating a retail-focused entity in this space, said Jai Anmol Ambani, ED, Reliance Capital
The RBI also prohibited banks from offering broking services for commodity derivatives segment of Sebi recognised stock exchanges
Vikram Akula is the co-founder and chairman of Vaya, which is currently operating 50 banking correspondent branches in 5 states
The revised minimum monthly average balance requirement and charges will become applicable from October
For non-maintenance of MAB, the charges have also been revised downward ranging from 20% to 50%
The chat assistant, known as SBI Intelligent Assistant, will help customers with everyday banking tasks
The government's proposed fiscal push, a widening current account deficit and shrinking scope of foreign investors to invest in ...
As part of the special drive, 50 camps, including one each in state capitals, will be organised between September 27 and October ...
Irdai forms panel to enhance protection to policyholders, implement risk-based capital
Said preparation of detailed project reports take time, so benefits would be reflected in the books of the bank in due course
PE firms have invested heavily in leading insurers such as SBI Life, ICICI Lombard, HDFC Life and Max Life
Referring to divestment in Air India, Jaitley said the process disinvestment was moving quite well
He also made a case for recapitalisation of PSBs, so that they could provide more funding to the private sector
Risks to the RBI's GVA growth forecast of 7.3% this fiscal are clearly tilted to the downside
The bank did not give say whether it would be raised by diluting government equity or issuing Additional Tier-1 bonds
As of June 2017, the staff strength of the bank stood at 20,851
Private banks have been taking the space vacated by capital-short public sector banks (PSBs) in the credit market.
Private banks' ...
With high growth in the past two financial years, Canara HSBC Oriental Life Insurance is targeting 40-50 per cent increase in ...
Financial inclusion Arundhati Bhattacharya said has four key aspects -- accessibility, affordability, quality and usability
Providing affordable housing is one of the ambitious projects of the government
SBI is also examining customer feedback over non-maintenance charges of monthly balance in their accounts
SBI Life Insurance Company has raised Rs 2,226 crore ($346 million) from anchor investors, the latter including Canada Pension ...
Commercial banks saw their share of the business decline from 67 per cent in 2012 to 63 per cent in March 2017
Are banks getting boxed in after introduction of the Bankruptcy Code?
The signs are pointing that way.
Not only are they looking ...
The shares were offloaded on an average price of Rs 147.06, valuing the transaction at Rs 1,114.97 crore, data showed
Backed by a healthy growth in sectors like motor and health insurance, investments of non-life insurance companies rose by around ...
P2P lending is a form of crowd-funding used to raise loans which are paid back
With high pressure on profitability and credit costs, banks and FIs have stepped up action against them
Bidding for the sale closes later on Tuesday
Big data and 'games' are the tools of the trade
Gross advances by banks in Gujarat stood at Rs 4,77,480 crore in the quarter ended June, up from Rs 4,60,030 crore in the March ...
As many as 22,949 cases of fraud in both public and private banks came to light in the last five fiscals involving over Rs 69,769 ...
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd, a joint venture between the State Bank of India (SBI) and BNP Paribas Cardif S A, is eyeing 35-40 ...
Institutional portion fully subscribed, retail 60% covered, wealthy investor portion subscribed just 8%
Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) Board has given permission to raise capital by way of QIB allocating upto 40 million shares to the ...
Both banks are facing elevated pressure on asset quality and profitability
Better profitability, superior growth, wide distribution network & strong market-hold place the life insurer's IPO favourably
Customers will be able to link their accounts on BHIM app to make payments through UPI
Already reeling under huge stressed assets like other banks, he said things would become better
Amazon tied up with the Bank of Baroda to offer micro loans to its sellers
Among the buyers of the shares was SBI Mutual Fund, which bought 16.70 lakh scrips
This offer is valid from September 1, 2017 to November 30, 2017
The company's Rs 5,700-cr IPO opens on Friday and closes on Tuesday
CCIL facilitates clearing and settlement of transactions in money, government bonds, foreign exchange and derivative markets
The 9.5 per cent NPA figure for March 2017 includes only two-thirds of the overall stressed assets, it said
Retail inflation rose to 5-month high of 3.36% in August due to costlier vegetables and fruits
Finance, auto brands dominate the list;  Indian top 50 brand valuations grow 21%, faster than China, world
IPPB offers an interest rate of 4.5% on deposits up to Rs 25,000, 5% on Rs 25,000-50,000 and 5.5% on Rs 50,000-1,00,000
The consultation paper on p-2-p lending was released by RBI in April last year, but the final guidelines are yet to come
Fiat cryptocurrency is a digital currency that will be issued by the RBI in place of the physical one at present
I would say restore the banks to health, get active board composed of professionals: Rajan
State-owned banks accounting for 95% of estimated shortage have limited options to raise the capital
Bandhan Bank had posted Rs 1,111.95 crore in net profit for the FY18
Some say BFIL should have continued its efforts to secure the small finance bank licence
As per RBI guidelines, banks have to list their businesses within three years of operation
Public sector lender Jammu and Kashmir Bank (J-K) has lowered interest rate on its savings bank accounts by 0.50 per cent to 3.50 ...
The ratings agency cut its capital requirement estimate to $65 bn from $90 bn
Other issues include withdrawal of FRDI Bill, increase of service charges of public, compensation of demonetisation
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance and Bajaj Allianz General Insurance came on board as new investors
BS ReporterHyderabad, 9 September:  Micro finance company Bharat Financial Inclusion Limited(BFIL), formerly known as SKS ...
A Credit Suisse note said Bharat Financial was one of the best-capitalised microfinance players
Tough to comply with the norm, say bankers
Share of NBFCs in total retail lending has touched all-time high of 36% as on March 2017
Govt had sent letters to 10 banks asking them to lay out a revival road-map for availing funds
Air India's assets such as real estate could also be spun off into a separate company
One of the major problems facing SMEs in our country is lack of equity: Arundhati Bhattacharya
The former RBI governor said bank boards needed more independence
He drew a parallel with weak recapitalisation of European banks
Acharya's suggestions on the issue are good, how to go about these is the problem, say stakeholders
Double whammy for banks as advances fall and low capital adequacy hampers growth
A similar attempt was undertaken by the RBI a few years back
They account for 36% of all retail loans in FY17, up from 29% in FY11
ICICI Bank, the majority shareholder of ICICI Lombard, will dilute 31,761, 478 of its equity shares
Also, Sebi would continue its proceedings against 96 remaining debarred entities
He also added that the GDP and informal economy have both suffered due to note ban
Deputy Governor says RBI has advised banks to resolve some accounts by December
Companies reach peak levels after fall witnessed since regulatory tightening in 2012
Substantial additional capital infusion is almost surely required, he added
Banks had adopted MCLR from April 2016 following the directive of Reserve Bank of India
Four public sector lenders, including Indian Bank and Vijaya Bank, today cut their benchmark lending rates by up to 0.45 per ...
Bank accounts of delisted companies inoperative
IDFs are investment vehicles for channelising investment to the sector
With salary cuts not being a part of turnaround plan, Kolkata-based UCO Bank has embarked upon a cost-cutting plan that involves ...
After taking away some of the big investments in manufacturing, especially automobile and textiles, from Tamil Nadu, Andhra ...
Banks sought additional time from the authority for setting up such facility
Reliance General Insurance outperformed industry growth rate of 30% and reported 41% growth in FY17
The issue to raise Rs 2,000 crore will open tomorrow and closes the same day
India's largest lender SBI and private sector major ICICI Bank were classified as D-SIBs in 2015
RBI has not given any licence, authorisation to any entity to operate with virtual currency
It is the second bank to get this approval, the first being Bank of Mauritius
The issue opens tomorrow and closes the same day
Former United Bank of India (UBI's) Executive Director K V Rama Moorthy taken over as Managing Director and Chief Executive ...
---Drop the pointers---The ongoing ninth summit in China of the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa) grouoping has ...
Kerala-based Catholic Syrian Bank has chalked plans to put the Bank to a path of consistent growth and sustainable success, ...
Govt has been nudging state-owned lenders to merge, in order for stronger, fewer banks to exist
This happened after UCO Bank's Kolkata office refused to pay employees for non-performance
Banks' non-performing assets (NPAs) continued to display the highest level of stressed advances
The insurers have to maintain KYC records of their clients
With already 26 full service branches up and running in states like Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, the new ...
BS ReporterHyderabad, 1 September: Reserve Bank of India deputy governor B P Kanungo on Friday said Fintech companies need to ...
Total face value of fake currency detected post demonetisation according to the RBI was Rs 19.53 cr
As of March, Rs 2,000 notes made of Rs 6.57 lakh crore of the total notes in circulation
Demonetisation reduced the currency in circulation by 2.1%, but deposits rose from 4.8% to 7.3%
Demonetisation led to loss to RBI that had to give interest to banks against excess money deposited
He also warned banks are impacted as they must wait for governments to repay the farmer loans
The payments banks can take savings deposits and remittances but are not permitted to lend
The net transfer of profits to the Union govt has fallen drastically during this year by 53.5%
Jaitley also said the government was open to providing more capital to banks
It is now clear that some key members of the govt overestimated demonetisation's short-term gains
RBI annual report says Rs 15.28 lakh cr of the junked currency came back, leaving only Rs 16,050 cr
During 2015-16, 6.32 lakh pieces of fake currency notes had been detected
Growth will be driven by consumption but reduction in lending rates should support investment demand
The income limit defining 'creamy layer' for OBC reservation was last week raised to Rs 8 lakh p.a
Since life insurance is long-term contact, it is difficult for policyholder to change renewal date
The reduction in interest rates on savings deposits is an opportunity for mutual funds (MFs) to popularise their low-risk debt ...
Banks are duty bound to take steps to assess risk, provide robust mechanism to prevent, detect fraud
Of the Rs 15.44 lakh cr withdrawn with scrapping of Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes, Rs 15.28 lakh cr are back
There is no doubt the deal is value positive for existing shareholders
The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD), which manages one of the World's richest temple at Tirupathi, has deposited 2780 kgs of ...
The latest communique is a reminder of that deadline, say bankers
Besides 200 rupee notes, Rs 50 currency bills with new look was also introduced earlier this month
SBI has begun review of loans to buy home in unfinished projects
Last year, TTD had deposited 1,311 Kg of pure gold bars of 0.995 fineness with PNB
The government is seeking to consolidate 21 PSBs
IPO delay may force lender to sell its 1.5% stake, valued at Rs 700 crore, privately
The veteran i-banker and Dhruva announced a joint venture
in the fourth quarter of FY17, only 39 per cent of disbursements were cash-lite
The unidentified lenders have hired SBI Capital Markets and Ernst and Young for the sale
Instead of going through allurement, investors are advised to go through terms carefully: Sebi DGM
QIPs near all-time high in 7 months
13 companies to create pool of policyholder data; to lower cost for insurers
Proposals from PSBs to require in-principle approval for consolidation
Measure to help curb cases of data duplication
Total outstanding loans soared to Rs 92,376 cr by the end of FY17
The volume growth is likely to be at a compounded rate of 94 per cent
The RBI's affairs are governed by the central board of directors
Several thousands of Chevrolet car owners in India will soon find themselves stuck running for insurance cover of their vehicle. ...
Along with the new Rs 200 note, the government has also confirmed a new Rs 50 note
Banking sector reforms are a major plank of Modi's administration to revive credit growth
The decision to introduce the new note was taken by RBI board in March
Govt promises no job losses; mergers by share swaps, no cash deals
PNB, Canara Bank, Union Bank and Indian Bank seen as candidates to lead the process
Subbarao said RBI interference was the 'least bad decision' to check the rising NPAs in banks
India Ratings & Research maintains a negative outlook on the steel sector for FY18
There is also a possibility of divesting some companies that are not on the group's priority list
Now, there are different regulations for various categories of NBFCs, creating scope for arbitrage
'I Do What I Do', published by HarperCollins India, will be launched in Chennai on September 5
The Cabinet gave in-principle nod to the constitution of Alternative Mechanism
Merger could take into account asset quality, capital adequacy ratio, profits, locations of banks
Services like deposits and withdrawal at bank branches are affected
Branches of private banks like ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank were functioning
Also, NRI investment limit under PIS in the company has increased from 10 per cent to 24 per cent
The bank said the bonds issue has an option to retain subscription of up to Rs 500 cr
The UFBU is protesting against reforms in the banking sector and other issues
In FY17, MFIs and SFBs raised an aggregate of Rs 4,713 crore of equity capital
The bank has waived the entire processing fee on car loans till December 31, 2017
Fund house bought over 1 cr shares of the NBFC at a trade price of Rs 94.73 per share
It also said banks would be liable to pay IGST on such imports and not any overseas supplier
Digibank has 1.2 mn Indian users and says that number will hit 5 mn by 2021, reports Tech in Asia
Defaulters owe the State Bank of India around Rs 25,104 cr
Operations at pvt banks like ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis and Kotak Mahindra are going to be normal
An Ordinance, if needed, should be brought to amend the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, it adds
The sale comprises 67 accounts with a principal balance of about Rs 3,169.08 crore
After demonetisation was announced last Nov, Jan Dhan deposits increased to more than Rs 74,000 cr
Remember, RBI is concerned with lending, since cutting rates has not pushed up economic activity
Move reportedly against govt's proposed consolidation move
The exemption would help ensure that these transactions close quickly
Some industries saw a more than proportionate rise in loan funds, claimed the report
RBI governor said 9.6% NPA in system worrisome, govt should empower banks to take a hit
Sudden spurt in bad loans in Q1 of FY18 brought back fears the worse is not over yet for the banks
Credibility of NPA resolution efforts will depend on PSBs' ability to absorb costs
The banknotes will bear the motif of 'Hampi with Chariot' that depicts India's cultural heritage.
SBI started the trend on July 31 with a cut of 50 basis points on savings deposits
SBI indicated that it plans to list two RRBs sponsored by it in the next one year
Embedded value pegged at Rs 13,220 crore in June
The base colour of the note, to be launched by RBI soon, is fluorescent blue
Bank notes of Rs 50 denomination issued by RBI in earlier series will continue to be legal tender
Realizing the need for providing cushion to individuals and corporates from virus and malware attacks on digital platforms, SBI ...
We are trying to move from a patronage-based society to a rule based society, he adds
It's been a two-year bull run in HFC shares, stoked by govt initiatives
HDFC Bank cut its interest rate by 50 basis points (half a per cent) to 3.5 per cent on savings bank deposits for balances up to ...
The lender has introduced Shubh Aarambh Home Loans, in which 12 EMIs are waived
Srei Equipment Finance (SEF), wholly-owned subsidiary of Srei Infrastructure Finance, plans an initial public offer (IPO) of ...
The new interest rates will be effective from August 19
Bank Board Bureau formed to bring all PSBs under banking investment company, govt's share below 50%
PSBs need leaders to clean up books, introduce transparent processes, ensure merit based decisions
Bank also slashed interest rate on savings accounts to 6.25% from existing 6.5%
However, this interest rate could go down to 4% on prompt repayment; Aadhaar linkage mandatory
The bank has also slashed interest rate on savings accounts to 6.25% from existing 6.5%
Govt injected $296 mn into IDBI to prevent missing a coupon payment on an AT1 bond
There has been a 10% increase in the number of willful defaulters
The bank's total advances stood at Rs 580,976 cr at June-end, an increase of 23.4% over a year
In a sign that banks are perhaps getting more comfort from the stickiness of their deposits after demonetisation, the incremental ...
Union leaders said the employees were consulted and posting preferences were sought
The country's life insurance firms earned Rs 13,854 cr as premium from new biz in the same month
IDBI Bank's gross NPAs soared to Rs 50,173 crore in the Q1 of 2017-18
National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) said it has named its chief operating officer Dilip Abse as the CEO-in-charge by ...
Net NPA was 15.8 per cent, up from 7.47 per cent in the year-ago quarter
The overall loan book is expected to expand by 10-12 per cent this financial year
A new shipbuilding policy was approved by the Cabinet last year
Rates reduction by 3 banks include SBI, Bank of Baroda and Axis Bank stoke competition among lenders
The 12 identified cases account for 25 per cent or about Rs 2 lakh crore of NPAs
Bank's bad loan proportion rose substantially as gross NPAs rose to 17%
Farm debt waiver hits retail loan asset quality; loan demand expected to pick up later this year
And, he tells Opposition to first get the facts before talking about it
It said notes are well within various parameters for dimension, placement of design, print features
Gross bad loans rose to 11.40% versus 10.46% q-o-q
Metal, infrastructure and textile industries have recorded high level of NPAs
According to latest RBI data, the total outstanding in CPs was at Rs 3,29,420 crore as of June-end
Volume in mobile banking for all banks in April, May, June stood at 106.27 mn, 114.26 mn, 115.73 mn
Tri-party repo is a type of repo contract where third entity as intermediary between the two parties
Bitcoin Cash, a clone of bitcoin that was split off from the original last week by a rival group of
Union Bank stock closed 5% down at Rs 134 per share on the BSE
Net loss of Indian Overseas Bank for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 has narrowed to Rs 499.09 crore as compared to Rs 1450.50 ...
Net profit fell to Rs 117 crore for the three months ended June 30, from Rs 166 crore a year ago
Strong foreign investment inflows have sent the rupee up nearly 7% against the dollar
Sources indicated that it may be interested in Bhushan Steel or Essar Steel, depending on valuation
Currently, 95 per cent of the GIC's premium income comes from the non-life insurance segment
The other income comprising treasury revenues, fees and commissions rose 30% to Rs 1,610 cr
While taking a merger decision, financial performance needs to be considered
The PSB stock closed 0.53% down at Rs 141.75 on the BSE
City Union Bank (CUB) has reported a net profit of Rs 140.32 crore during the quarter ended June 30, 2017 as compared to Rs ...
The Mumbai-based bank net profit was Rs 87.71 crore in the quarter ended June 30
Bank to continue to pay 4% interest on deposits of above Rs 50 lakh
Indicates people may have started using electronic modes for smaller value transactions as well
At a time when many large banks are putting brakes to growing corporate lending, due to capital constraint and exposure limits, ...
The lender said there is a trend of declining stress on its balance sheet
A device can be installed for insurer to get real-time data tracking driving behaviour
Axis Bank shares closed at Rs 499.30 apiece on BSE, down 1.32 per cent
Era is one of the 12 NPA accounts that the RBI has directed should be referred to the NCLT
T E NARASIMHANAround 10 lakh bank employees and officers to go on strike on August 22.
The strike was called y United Forum of ...
Chairman said though Aadhaar is not mandatory, it was the simplest form of KYC document
The general insurance business grew 31% last year and life insurance 25%
The bank has called a pre-bid meeting on August 14 and the final bids are to be sent in by 3 pm on
Focus on plugging gaps, improving coordination, keeping timelines
It said there are positives from a stronger currency, like it being positive for inflation
Out of these 12 accounts, nine have already been referred to the NCLT
Country lags in both level of digitisation, ability to realise financial returns compared to world
The gross NPA of public sector banks was 12.47 per cent of gross advances as on March 31, 2017
It may sell partial/entire stake in STCIFL to unlock its value of investment by floating this RFP
Will issue 124.7 mn shares comprising 14.22% of capital
It would be the first such exercise since the RBI directed action on 12 big-size bad loan cases
Notification follows hectic parleys between India and Switzerland for the introduction of the AEOI
Board of PNB has given approval for raising equity capital to the tune of Rs 3,000 cr through FPO
All charges are exclusive of GST & attracts a charge of 18%, up 15% from previous tax regime charges
According to BofAML, reduction in lending rates might trigger high level of liquidity in banks
Advisor would also observe developments in cyber technology & security space for regulatory policy
In June quarter, gross NPAs jumped to 7.21 per cent from 6.97 per cent last year
Total income during the first quarter of 2017-18 also fell to Rs 6,171.49 crore
The Bangalore-based state-run bank has hit the forex debt market after a long gap
BS ReporterHyderabad, 4 August: Andhra Bank has reported a 30 percent increase in net profit at Rs  40.32 crore for the quarter ...
AvendusFinance, the credit solutions arm of Avendus Capital, today announced thelaunch of its Category II structured credit fund. ...
Long-awaited earnings rebound should finally happen in Q4CY17, CLSA believes
The recoveries will improve bottom line
With a majority of small finance banks already operational, a challenging start has already forced a number of them to tweak ...
However, for balance above of Rs 50 lakh, the bank has retained the rate at 4%
Capital market regulator Sebi on Friday made it compulsory for listed companies to make a disclosure to stock exchanges if they ...
The PSB clocked a net profit of Rs 31.09 crore in the same quarter of FY17
Lending rate of 14-15% will make India uncompetitive in the global market: Arun Jaitley
After raising over $33 million from Bajaj Finance Limited, the lending and investment arm of Bajaj Finserv group, online mobile ...
High interest rate on savings and fix deposits was during a time when inflation was 10-11%
It will improve transparency and provide same set of benchmarks for financial sector and real sector
The RBI did not specify if the limit would be a temporary arrangement
Mostly, companies themselves have filed petitions to restructure themselves
Jaitley said RBI already had identified top 12 loan defaulters
Bonds will carry a coupon rate of 8.15% pa call option after 5 yrs or anniversary date thereafter
The rate cut is the RBI's first since one of the same size in October
E-payments in India surged after the country banned old, high-value currency notes late last year
Gross NPAs stood at 13.66% in April-June period
UCO bank had reported net loss of Rs 440.56 crore in the corresponding April-June quarter of 2016-17
The repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, is now down to 6%, the lowest in 6 years
The rupee rose to as much as 63.59 per dollar, its strongest level since July 22, 2015
RBI Monetary Policy Committee decided to reduce repo rate at which it lends to banks by 0.25% to 6%
Growth forecast unchanged at 7.3% for the current fiscal, says Governor Urjit Patel
RBI's MPC meet begins; decision on rates on August 2
High share of PSBs in deposits has weighed on their cost structure, which the rate cut will correct
FM Arun Jaitley tabled data in Parliament
General insurance industry expected to grow at 20% in FY18
Many banks are waiting for RBI's policy action to decide on savings bank rate after SBI's move
For every statutory audit of mid-size to large banks, an audit firm gets Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1.5 crore
PSU banks will need at least Rs 1.9 lakh crore additional capital by March 2019 as the lack of it will restrict their ability to ...
PNB said its board of directors have called general meeting of shareholders on Sept 12
Now, Airtel Payments Bank customers can use HPCL fuel stations to avail banking services
SBI debit card users can also avail introductory cashback benefits up to Rs 500
Minimum sum assured was Rs 10,000 and Rs 50,000
RBI levied penalties of Rs 2 cr and Rs 1 cr on the bank in 2 separate incidents of non-compliances
Mundra's other minor portfolios were split among remaining deputy governors
Lack of co-ordination between back and front office, impacted customer protection: S S Mundra
Citing inflation at 5-year low, deceleration in factory output, Assocham requested for rate cut
RBI imposed penalty of Rs 2 crore and Rs 1 crore under the provisions of Banking Regulation Act
Banks with high deposits also include PNB, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, BoB and Canara Bank
Move follows Max group, HDFC Life calling off merger plans; decks cleared for HDFC Life's IPO plans
50-bps reduction may prompt others to follow
In such cases, the Deputy Governor suggested that the customer "must be compensated immediately"
Mundra was addressing bankers at the annual banking ombudsman conference, held on July 25
So far in 2017, shares of HDFC Bank gained 48%, while those of ICICI Bank have added 18%
MFI remains one of the costliest models of financial inclusion
SBI's savings bank account base is of around Rs 9 lakh crore
Net interest income was up 17% at Rs 1,585 cr
Earlier RBI had received a complaint regarding cash withdrawals in some accounts maintained with UBI
The buyback will take the total of HSBC share buybacks since the second half of 2016 to $5.5 billion
Former finance secretary Sushma Nath is another part-time member on the Irdai board
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has slammed the managements and statutory auditors of 12 public sector  banks ...
NPAs of the public insurer was to the tune of Rs 18,000 cr
We will revamp the scheme.
Whatever gaps are there, will be plugged, says Dattatreya
National Payments Corporation of India has received final authorization from Reserve Bank of India to function as the Bharat Bill ...
Waivers may impact supply of credit as lending to agri sector could dry up, say HDFC's economist
The bank is unlikely to wait for the merger with Shriram Group to follow through with plans
Net profit in the corresponding quarter in FY16 stood at Rs 264.76 crore
Already facing a steep rise in the gross non-performing assets (NPA) during the first quarter of the current fiscal year at 0.82 ...
The bank projects that its customer base will double with the acquisition
Her current term comes to an end in June 2018
Gross NPAs rose to 7.99% as compared to 7.89% in Q4 of FY17
Meanwhile, YES Bank's board on Wednesday approved a 5-for-1 stock split of equity shares
Reports of the Tata Group sounding her out have been making rounds in the industry
In terms of overall portfolio, on March 31, 2017, the CPP Fund totalled $316.7 billion
Moody's polled 210 market participants on some of the industry's most pressing credit issues
Puri's ANAROCK joins a league of property-focused NBFCs such as Piramal Finance, Xander Finance
Multi-fold increase in holding limits: Physical and paper gold to be on par for short-term funding
Under section 35 of Insurance Act an insurance cos can only be merged with another insurer: Parekh
Move to ensure smoother transition in future during such eventualities
The short-term trend most recently bounced from support at 9,450 in late June
The RBI monitors ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis
Net profit is helped by 44% growth in net interest income to Rs 1,809 crore
Kerala-based Federal Bank Ltd today said that it is not planning to exit from the IDBI Federal Life Insurance, a joint venture ...
The Federal Bank Limited has reported a net profit of Rs 210.15 crore during the quarter ended June 30, 2017 as against Rs 167.31 ...
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans fell to 0.97% in Q1 from 1.52% in Q4FY17
BS ReporterHyderabad, 26 July: Listed microfinace company Bharat Financial Inclusion Limited(BFIL) has reported a net loss of Rs ...
Indian Overseas Bank is currently in the process of preparing its turnaround plan
Ongoing hearing of insolvency proceedings against Essar Steel at NCLT bench was put off for July 26
This is so because these are already adjusted to book profits under minimum alternate tax
Little support from interest income weighed on net profit, though it bettered Street's expectations
MoS for Finance said that SBI reported 544 cases of frauds which caused a loss of Rs 1,91,295 lakh
The mechanism of quarterly performance of PSBs will be monitored by SBI Capital Markets
Gross bad loan ratio as a percentage of total loans came in at 5.03 per cent at end-June
s.
Bitcoin, the oldest crypto currency or virtual currency, has along with others recovered in recent days after a sharp fall. ...
For Axis Bank and ICICI Bank, the agency said it expects the pace of bad loan formation to decline
Asset quality of the bank saw a slight deterioration as gross NPA stood at 1.24%
Experts warn that waivers could distort credit culture, pile up pressure on India's banking sector
HDFC bank net profit rose to Rs 3,894 cr in Q1, versus Rs 3,239 crore a year ago
NPAs have risen over Rs 9 lakh crore, RBI can now refer cases to Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board
Total income rose to Rs 22,185.38 crore during the quarter under review, up 14.81% y-o-y
All MPC members will need to observe a silent period of 7 days before and after the rate decision
Banks in India raised Rs 45,290 crore in capital by issuing AT-1 bonds in 2016-17: ICRA
There is constraining private sector investment while PSBs are carrying lot of bad loans: Rogoff
Biggest reason is the poor returns they got from their assets in superlow interest-rate environment
Syndicate's Common Equity-1 level of 7.5% at end-March was weaker than other 'AA+' rated peers
A few names from the private sector have also been shortlisted, sources said
Centre aims to gradually build up 4-5 PSBs of SBI's size through consolidation
A Canara Bank-led consortium of lenders is scouting for a buyer for a 270 MW power plant in Maharashtra which came under ...
Indian Bank said that it has initiated cases at NCLT on seven more accounts worth Rs 1,200 crore.
In all these accounts, Indian ...
RBI deputy governor said that demonetisation had led to a change in the way Indians saved
Combined advances by listed public, PSBs up 1.7% in FY17 as public sector lenders shrink loan book
Gross NPAs of Vijaya Bank fell to 7.305 of the gross advances as on June 30 from 7.31% a year ago
Bank made a provision of Rs 130 crore in 1st quarter of current financial year
Bad loan provisions more than double in Q1 to Rs 681 cr from Rs 327 cr for Q1 of FY17
The bank's gross bad loans stood at Rs 31,637.83 crore as on March 31, 2016
This was followed by the merger of five associates with parent SBI
Pre-selected salaried customers can get up to Rs 15 lakh; No offline interaction needed for approval
Indian Bank is planning to raise around Rs 1200 crore to support its growth plan.
The Bank is also planning to sell assets worth ...
Bad loan provisions more than double in Q1 to Rs 681 cr from Rs 327 cr for Q1 of FY17
The scheme provides an assured return of 8% per annum payable monthly for 10 years
IDBI Bank filed a petition for insolvency against Jaypee Infratech in NCLT, Allahabad, last month
Loan Life Suraksha, a single limited premium plan covering loan liability of a customer
Rises from Rs 97 cr in the year-ago quarter, backed by an increase in interest and other income
Avoid over-leveraging with low job market; starting with default will hurt future loan options
Higher-than-expected slippages pushed provisions for non-performing assets to 54%
Higher-than-expected slippages pushed provisions for non-performing assets to 54%
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans rose to 10.56% at end-June from 9.63% at March-end
When asked for records before issuing the June 13 statement the RBI said there were no such records
Bombay HC is set to hear the ongoing liquidation case against Alok Industries on July 19
The extra provisioning needed would reduce the profits of creditor banks by 25%, ROA by 12 bps
Debts swelled to Rs 12,500 cr during slack in steel industry, after its coal mines were de-allocated
Private sector lender DCB Bank has 290 branches across 18 states and two Union Territories
FinMin said any delay in recognition of deterioration in asset quality removes pressure on the banks
IDBI Bank reported loss of Rs 5,158 cr, while amount was Rs 3,417 cr in case of Indian Overseas Bank
HC turns down Essar Steel plea on insolvency, raps central bank for 'overstepping jurisdiction'
May fetch over $ one billion for SBI and BNP ParibasABHIJIT LELESBI LifeInsurance Co Ltd, joint venture between State Bank of ...
However, prices increased marginally by 0.8% over October-December quarter of 2016-17
Such a disclosure would severely affect the impact of the businesses
Pune based GSTN provider Vayana Network has received over Rs 25.7 crore from IDG Ventures and Jungle Ventures in series A ...
SBI Life Insurance is joint venture between SBI, BNP Paribas Cardif- French insurance company
FinoPayments Bank will raise upto Rs 200 crore in capital from new set of investorsin this financial year to fund the network ...
The bank is actively involved in helping to spread digital payments solutions, post demonetisation
To concentrate on existing network of around 300 branches
Number of PSBs may come down to 10-12 from the current 21, an official said
The bank had reported a net profit of Rs 47 crore in the corresponding quarter of FY17
Last week Shriram Group, which has an AUM of around Rs 100,000 crore, and IDFC have announced they are looking at possible merger ...
The bank had reported a net profit of Rs 121.54 crore in the April-June quarter of FY17
BoI has been facing losses for the last two consecutive years
Building the institutions of market can help the mergers and acquisitions (M&As) process to move faster, chairperson of the ...
Rajnish Kumar hoped that the Gujarat High Court will decide quickly on the Essar Steel case
All the new charges will attract GST rate of 18 per cent
Bhushan Steel and Bhushan Power has a liability of around Rs 43,000 cr and Rs 37,000 cr respectively
1 lakh shares of the Ahmedabad-based firm were bought via open market transactions
Additionally, bank has also waived charges for fund transfer of upto Rs 1,000 done through IMPS
Panel gives RBI Governor Urjit Patel 15 days to submit data on deposits of demonetised currency
As on July 10, 112 such announcements have been made and banks account for just 17 announcements
Dealers expect RBI to sell another Rs 20,000-cr worth of bonds
Some of the public banks showed improvement; much more still needs to be done
Both the govt and RBI have been ignoring high charges banks impose on their customers
In April, finance ministry made an inter- disciplinary committee to examine existing framework
He said NPCI is also in talks with private banks to issue Rupay Credit Cards
An amount of Rs 9,000 crore was released to the banks by the RBI by June 2017: Dattatreya
The lender is looking to close the QIP issue by December
Impact of NCLT provisions may be seen marginally in Q1 and may largely flow to next few quarters
Former Reserve Bank of India governor C Rangarajan says 'some haircut' is inevitable in the process of resolving the big load of ...
The requisite ecosystem for the implementation of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (IBC), touted as the second biggest ...
The National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) is looking at increased uptake of its RuPay debit cards among premium customers ...
Net interest margin, the difference between yield on advances and cost of fund, was flat at 4%
A bigger bench of the high court (HC) here adjourned till the coming Monday an appeal of Standard Chartered Bank for quashing of ...
Even as West Bengal finance minister, Amit Mitra upped his pitch over India's largest lender, the State Bank of India (SBI), to ...
Ask for a 3-month extension to roll over their July positions; say curbs will kill the p-note market
Entire ecosystem required for the new law has not been fully created: Arundhati Bhattacharya
In a relief to the chit fund industry in the country, the Supreme Court of India has said that the government cannot impose ...
After the merger, the working capital of the bank would increase to more than Rs 10 crore
Recently, the State Bank Of India merged five associates with itself
Lenders should look at small businesses as potential area of growth and not as compliance: Mundra
SBI would be married to analytics to study spending habits of the consumers: Arundhati Bhattacharya
The bank's net profit in the corresponding April-June quarter of 2016-17 stood at Rs 661.38 crore
Price to be fixed after talks with SBI Life, BNP Paribas Cardiff and lead managers
SBI Savings Account: Pay more for ATM withdrawal, cheque books, Buddy app
Investors stand to gain as they will get exit route, stake in IDFC Bank
A reference for insolvency has already been made in Essar's case but not yet in Bhushan Steel's case
Digital branches continue to dominate banking channels, says study
By limiting the liability, RBI is trying to enhance customer confidence in digital transactions
Regulator may also issue guidelines for direct selling agents with respect to home loan transfers
The entire merger process, including approvals, will take 12 months to complete
According to Piramal, the boards of directors of the companies have not approved any transaction yet
Gujarat HC to hear Essar's plea against insolvency proceedings on July 12
The impending merger between IDFC and Shriram Capital has come under regulatory scanner over handling of price sensitive ...
HDFC Life, ICICI Lombard, ABG Capital, CDC Group, Global IVY Ventures among key investors
And it adds that in such cases, government should intervene
The SCBA would use the money in upgrading its library
Currently, India has private credit bureaus, mainly used for retail loans
A week after Nomura turned positive of Bank of Baroda, it is now the turn of Punjab National Bank (PNB) to enjoy a rating upgrade ...
In this case, RBI's low capacity in legal drafting is unlikely to lead to a serious legal problem
Hearing in the case has been shifted to July 12
Standard Chartered appealed for quashing Gujarat HC's stay on Essar Steel's insolvency proceedings
MAS notified local banks of the delay to the so-called  'fundamental review of the trading book'
However, it said the account to which it has the exposure was not a NPA as of March 31, 2017
Liabilities of Sahara Life are less than 1% of ICICI Pru's balance sheet
IDFC Bank, which concluded first full year of operations in FY2017, said that its vision is to become a mass retail bank in 5 ...
IDFC Bank allegedly made delayed disclosure under PIT Regulations
Referring to Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, he said it is an important development
In the report, India was found to be 'largely compliant' on liquidity coverage ratio
The NBFC and its sponsor Everstone will co-invest to own two-third stake together in the business
The gross NPAs and net NPAs of IDFC Bank were at Rs 1,542 crore and Rs 576 crore
Claims to have mobilised Rs 400 crore through digital banking
RBI announced late on Friday its bond purchase plans from the secondary market
The plan is to allow foreign investors access to 5% of the govt bonds by March 31 next year
Four foreign investment banks feature among the top 10 in H1 of 2017
As on June 16, currency in circulation was Rs 15.29 lakh cr, or 86.2% of pre-note ban level
Framework to incentivise employees referred to RBI for approval
Cites sharp deterioration in asset quality for rating downgrade
Sources said recommendations were made by BBB Chairman Vinod Rai, other members
It adds that banks could be hiding some of the fraud cases, masking these as bad debt
2016-17 saw 26% growth in number of trades and 44% growth in volumes
CVC Commisioner says bankers need have no fear if their decisions are bonafide
The bank will not charge anything for the replacement and it will be provided free of cost
In the same period last year, non-food credit had grown by 8.5%
Banks are opening up their platforms and data to people with ideas to improve their business in a digitally disruptive ...
UAE Exchange is registered as an AD II category non-banking financial company in the country
It is based on any historical recovery rates that banks secured debt have typically earned
Stressed banking sector and leveraged corporate balance sheets might block the country's economic growth, says the Reserve Bank ...
Sustaining home ground growth, strengthening underwriting skills favour City Union, regional lenders
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has said that around 46 per cent reduction in the net loss during the second half of the current ...
Arundhati Bhattacharya will complete her four-year term as the chairperson on October 6
Banks due to their huge network of branches are preferred as MF distributors
Most of these accounts are from the infrastructure, textiles and roads sectors
Total NPA provisioning of banks stood at Rs 2.2 trn as of FY17, up from Rs 2 trn in FY16
Reserve Bank of India last month put IDBI Bank under watch by initiating Prompt Corrective Action
Switch to IndAS may increase debts on the books of firms
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) mandate instructing banks to make higher provisions for accounts referred to National Company ...
Corporation Bank invited bids to fix insolvency professionals and gave the mandate to EY
Credit growth had slipped to lowest level since Independence in FY17, falling to paltry 5.1 per cent, RBI
Test on lines of IIT-JEE
Estimates another Rs 40,000 cr provision needed for 12 a/cs sent for insolvency action by RBI
Funds to be raised through various debt instruments; AGM is scheduled to be held on July 26
One-third of this massive contraction was led by just 10 companies
Six of 21 PSU banks under corrective action, need higher capital to improve poor financial health
Kolkata-based Adhunik Metaliks, a maker of steel with Rs 6,000 crore of loan dues, is planning to file for insolvency, say those ...
Demand adds to the Rs 57,000-crore dues payable from company's assets on sale
SC ruled that chairman, MD and other officers of a private. bank can be seen as public servants
RBI has reviewed the top 500 exposures that are partly or wholly classified as NPAs
Prudence over choice of bank, a detailed item inventory are a few of the ways
Italian Economy Minister assured that there will be normalcy at teller windows when two banks reopen
State-run banks will reduce in number but get healthier to stand up to competition from global banks
Banks say relationship with customers with regard to lockers is that of landlord) and lessor
Each of these PSBs looking to raise Rs 1,000-6,000 crore
Prior to joining IDFC, Kakar worked with Max New York Life Insurance Company since 2001 as CFO
This move will help handle loans for small businesses, as part of an ongoing cost-cutting drive
Aegon Life is a joint venture between global insurer Aegon and Bennett Coleman & Company
Irdai had a budget of Rs 60 cr for ad last year of which it spent only Rs 24 cr
While Chanda Kochhar got a pay of Rs 2.66 crore, Arundhati Bhattacharya took home only Rs 28.96 lakh
India had the third largest exposure to the US government securities after China and Brazil
Banks also need to ensure to provide customers with secured access to mobile & online services
HDFC has various subsidiaries which can be listed
Outstanding loans to Punjab and Rajasthan were at Rs 1,96,600 cr and Rs 2,03,000 cr
To raise Rs 1.5k cr; 1st tranche would be for Rs 250 cr with green shoe option of another Rs 250 cr
Total value of insured deposits stood at Rs 28,26,400 crore at the end of March 2016
CBI has registered six cases related to loan fraud committed at the bank's Vasant Kunj Branch
You can also approach the ombudsman if your bank flouts mobile banking or electronic banking rules
But it's allowed to continue its business as far as its existing business is concerned
The Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) plan it was ordered to adopt hasn't yet enabled a turnaround at Chennai-based Indian Overseas ...
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has come out with a notification to raise threshold to Rs 50 crore
49 indebted firms have debt of Rs 2.8 lakh cr, backed by Rs 1.67 lakh cr of fixed assets
PSBs are expected to report relatively healthy return on equity at 10-12 per cent for FY18
Earlier this month, Reserve Bank of India identified 12 accounts for insolvency proceedings
The five-member committee has mandate to vet restructuring proposals for big-ticket stressed loans
RBI also advised banks to avoid inscrutable entries in passbooks/statements of account
OC will work with an expanded mandate to review cases being restructured under S4A
So far, IDBI Bank has set up 208 dairies in UP by financing various allied schemes
This is the second window the government has provided to banks, post offices and cooperative banks
The board of directors at its meeting held on April 26, 2017 had approved the fund raise plan
PRA Realty is amongst the fastest growing real estate developers in Pune
Govt will post one more inflation data next month before RBI's next policy meeting on August 1-2
Equity shareholders come last in the pecking order of payments at the time of liquidation
Sebi wants the e-platform to be mandatory for issuance over Rs 50 cr, against Rs 500 cr earlier
RBI has initiated PAC against the bank because of its mounting bad loans
The 12 a/cs are led by SBI (6 of them), PNB, ICICI Bank, Union Bank, IDBI Bank & Corporation Bank
SBI seeks applications for empanelment, sets stiff conditions
The bank will put the proposal for raising equity capital before shareholders at its AGM on July 18
The bank currently has 840 branches spread across different states in the country
Niti Aayog sets tone, tenure of roadmap for second round of consolidation in banking sector
Bank's net non-performing assets ratio rose to 11.76% at the end of March
Move to help individual companies in having a background check of intermediaries before engaging them
Equitas has in the past year started a Small Finance Bank (SFB)
The banks which are working on the credit card includes public sector banks and a cooperative bank
BoM has become the sixth state-owned lender to be put under the PCA
SBI Frankfurt is looking at around 20-25 per cent growth in business over the next years
Bhushan Steel, Lanco Infratech, and Essar Steel the most indebted companies
RBI identified stressed accounts each having more than Rs 5,000 crore of outstanding loans
Earlier banks were mandated to report fraud of above Rs 10,000 and below Rs one lakh to police
Now, it'll be completed within a maximum of 135 days, as IBBI will notify new norms in this regard
He said consultations have already taken place with the banking industry on this issue
Bank groups plan meetings in next two weeks to decide action
S S Mundra said there was no specific timeline set to identify additional loan defaulters
Global Capital Markets division will be headed by Alexander von zur Muehlen, Mark Fedorcik
The bank had raised Rs 1,124 crore in March through a rights issues of equity shares
Stocks dip but experts see need to consolidate public sector banks
Shares of Axis Bank closed flat at Rs 508.05 on BSE
RBI lowered risk weight for housing loans above Rs 75 lakh to 50% from earlier 75%
The lower capital requirements will weaken banks' protection from the housing sector
Invest in five-six issues to spread your risk and hold them for the entire tenure
Bank's shares were privately traded at around Rs 400 and this price could double before the IPO
Dena Bank, Vijaya Bank, UCO Bank among the acquisition targets
Continued market share gains, healthy asset quality to support valuations
A bank official said SBI's exposure to telecom companies is in the range of Rs 80,000 crore
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) decision to ask banks to file for insolvency in the case of 12 major non-performing assets ...
The Bill, when enacted, will pave the way for setting up of the Resolution Corporation
Interview with chief investment officer for equities, Tata Asset Management
Banking sector is saddled with NPAs of over Rs 8 lakh crore, of which Rs 6 lakh crore is with PSBs
Hyderabad, 14 June: Microfinace company Bharat Financial Inclusion(earlier known as SKS Microfinance Limited) is planning to roll ...
Central Bank of India had a net non-performing loans ratio of 10.2 per cent, as of end-March
Number of suits filed by banks against willful defaulters has more than doubled since December 2013
The RBI will issue directives to banks on these large accounts
As an RBI-constituted committee identified 12 high-ticket non-performing assets of banks to be resolved under the Insolvency and ...
Only one-fourth of the 51 banks in the country are rated 'high' for complying with the norms
Hyderabad, 13 June: Andhra Bank has put up Rs 3,871 crore of non performing assets(NPAs) for sale, involving 113 loan accounts ...
PSBs rose due to the direct effect of Reserve Bank of India's asset quality review
According to Sebi norms, the bank must increase public shareholding to 25%
This move would help Emkay expand its presence globally
Currently, accounts turn into a NPA or bad loan if it is not serviced for 90 days
Energy industry provides big-ticket cases under Bankruptcy Code
An investor service centre will record investor complaints, provide counselling services
In a first of its kind in the country, Odisha Space Applications Centre (ORSAC), the apex body for space technology applications ...
The Bank would also sell off its non-core assets to augment capital
SBI is in process of integrating merged entities' operations with its own to leverage cost
The much-discussed synergy for the two life insurance entities might take longer to accrue
Jaitley says states offering farm loan waivers will have to generate funds from their own resources
Reliance Capital to dilute 10% stake
Shares of banks fell up to 4 per cent on Monday after the Maharashtra government decided to waive off farms loans of small and ...
Yet, high credit costs may continue to erode profits as SBI will rebuild its provisioning coverage
Under the Smart Cities Mission, municipal bodies would issue bonds to raise money
Total proceeds of the issue will be used to augment capital adequacy ratio, other corp purposes
Meeting also featured the government's financial inclusion schemes
The minister hinted that a solution is coming very soon
Last month, the govt tweaked its laws to help tackle a record $150 bn in troubled bank debt
Also says that note ban's impact could adversely affect its business
View in some sections of govt is that there's no need for ministry officials to meet MPC members
It will be first meeting after promulgation of ordinance amending the Banking Regulation Act
The panel will interview about 19 shortlisted applicants, sources said
Karur-based private lender Karur Vysya Bank is expecting the business to grow better compared to the previous year during the ...
The ordinance authorises RBI to issue directions to initiate insolvency resolution process
LIC is keen to push the boundary further, looking to settle 99% claims on a monthly basis in future
The annualised return on EPFO investments in ETFs has been over 12% so far: CPF Commissioner V P Joy
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) dovish language on inflation and a clear indication of a willingness to cut rates further, if ...
He will also review the performance of the lenders
Enthused by success of SBI merger, finance ministry is considering clearing another such proposal
MCLR is a new methodology and benchmark introduced by RBI for setting lending rate by banks
Cuts rate on homes loans above Rs 75 lakh by 10 bps from June 15; new rate 8.55% for women, 8.6% for others
SBI sold 522 million shares at a price of Rs 287, largest share sale in secondary market by a bank
18-20% growth expected in the current financial year
Members in panel are likely to ask Patel about how much money has come back into system
Agreement will facilitate at least 25% of the proposed facility to support women entrepreneurs
This will take some of the pressure off the government which owns majority stakes in more than 20 lenders
The month-on-month increase for May stood at 16% for entire non-life insurance industry
Lower market valuations was biggest hindrance if PSBs chose to raise fresh equity from markets
Firms working on new deal; HDFC Life plans IPO
'Reduction in interest rates by itself does not increase credit flow', says Reddy
He said capacity utilisation in many sectors was very low, with a depressing impact on economy
Retail inflation is expected to gradually rise to five per cent by the fourth quarter of 2017-18
UBI is adequately capitalised as of now and this obviates the need for fresh capital infusion
Weak capitalisation levels will remain a key credit weakness for the 11 banks
Manjunath is a member of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
Lower provisioning and risk weights to drive further rate cuts in home loans
This has been done across residential, commercial projects in Bengaluru, Chennai and Hyderabad
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), which has a big load of loans gone bad or stressed, says it has finalised a turnaround strategy.
R ...
SBI is charging Rs 5 per transaction of up to Rs 1 lakh, Rs 15 for transactions between Rs 1-2 lakh
For overnight, MCLR to be 8.10%, while for 1- and 3-month maturities it will be 8.15% and 8.20%
Move to intended to augment long-term capital
If done methodically, it could provide a natural hedge against asset quality issues in the long run
Meeting will be organised at the bank's 15,500 rural and semi-urban branches across India
Statement follows rumours alleging restrictive actions would be imposed on few weak banks
Mumbai, June 5 ICICI Bank as well as Fairfax Financial Holdings will sell a part of their stake in ICICI Lombard General ...
Currently, there are 21 PSU banks in the country, including State Bank of India
Irdai has barred National Insurance's actuary for 'overstating profits and distorting solvency'
This is part of the plan to mop up Rs 15,000 crore from the markets in the current fiscal year
The bank said that the IPO size and other details of the offer would be determined in due course
The bank is selling new shares in a price range of Rs 275.76-Rs 287.25 a share
The report said NPL flow can be arrested only by cutting lending rates to spur recovery
The charges come with modifications in all types of online transaction modes
Core CPI has softened materially to less than 4.5%
AIBEA said these posts have fallen vacant from 2014, 2015 and 2016, and still remain vacant
The bank's gross NPAs were restricted to 13.22% of the gross advances at the end of March 2017
Raising funds from the market will ease the pressure on the exchequer of pumping in capital
6 member Monetary Policy Committee meets on June 6, 7 for 2nd Bi-monthly Monetary Policy Statement
Digital currently makes up 70% of bank's overall transactions; branch banking makes up 12%
The bank would share a turnaround strategy plan with the govt for infusion of additional capital
YES, Axis, ICICI recently reported NPA figures for FY16 that were in variance of RBI's estimations
SBI has shortlisted six banks to manage the sale that could be worth up to $2.3 billion
Dena Bank's losses widened in the March quarter as net bad loans increased to 10.66 per cent
It'll be a significant step towards meeting govt's target of 40 Gw of rooftop solar installations
Company reports net profit of Rs 282 cr
Current guidelines don't allow lenders to grant fresh moratorium granted on interest repayment
Expected reverse repo rate to be at 6% this time, after a surprise 25 basis point increase in April
Lenders wary of the move as they see it clashing with fund-raising plans
While banks had granted autonomy to fix minimum average balance or charge for premium services
Only Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian is currently available to hold these meetings
While there is a sense of urgency, but it's too early to set timelines for the resolution
US consumer spending recorded its biggest increase in 4 months in April,monthly inflation rebounded
Banks introduced charges on non-maintenance of minimum balance for using banking-related facilities
Last Saturday, Fairfax sold 12.18 per cent in ICICI Lombard to private equity firms
Bank's non-performing loans increased by 80% in FY17
Bank will use NCLT platform for medium sized enterprises where it has the maximum exposure
Kochhar said ICICI Bank is focused on capitalising on growth opportunities
The bank had posted Rs 104 crore profit for the March quarter of 2016-17
Karur Vysya Bank is planning to raise around Rs 760 crore through rights issue, in order to fund its future growth.
The Board of ...
Total income grew 7.2 per cent to Rs 925.75 crore during the quarter ended March 2017
The private sector GI companies have beaten state-owned peers in terms of gross premium in April
Bhattacharya's term comes to an end on Oct 6
For March quarter, BoB reported Rs 154.72 cr profit as provisions for bad loans witnessed a decline
A substantial portion of ECBs in April was taken to start new projects
Bonds are a govt-backed bank, chance of default is next to impossible, says an income fund head
To control cost, it will also curb staff hiring for at least a year and reduce outsourcing
At the current market price, a three per cent share sale would fetch the exchequer about Rs 6,000 crore
Chanda Kochhar, the head of country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank, has drawn Rs 7.85 crore as total remuneration in ...
Non-performing assets of PSBs have gone past the Rs 6 lakh crore mark
SBI seeks capital to bolster loan growth after reporting fourth-quarter profit more than doubled
No timelines specified but there is a definite sense of urgency
Visiting the Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City), Union Minister of State in Finance and Corporate Affairs, ...
MOODYS-IDBI-DOWNGRADEThe rating actions reflect the significant deterioration in IDBI's financial profile, driven by asset ...
In the year ended March 31, 2017, the bank posted a net loss of Rs 5,158 crore
American Express topped the list, followed by Capital One Financial and Visa in second, third place
The firm expects to improve its financial position and reassure investors through these measures
Govt to soon release list of such agencies
Eight public sector banks have taken board approvals to raise fresh capital, says a report
May have a first DG from private sector
The government's plan for infusing capital in ailing public sector lender IDBI Bank are on, despite the Reserve Bank (RBI) ...
Coding enthusiasts have another hackathon to look forward to with SBI flagging off Code For Bank (#C4B2017) to drive digital ...
IT solutions firm NIIT Technologies said it will be integrating Arago's AI technology
Exide Insurance expects a growth of 30 per cent in new business premium for this fiscal
Banks are looking to raise money up to 90 per cent of market cap, according to Morgan Stanley report
Applications were supposed to close today; elections for the posts to take place on June 15
Company claims to be the world's third largest money transfer company
RBI had outlined an action plan including role for rating agencies in resolution of stressed loans
The law will help safeguard the interest of depositors
The agency has also kept the lender's ratings under watch with negative implications
In 2015, court stated that RBI is supposed to make this information public
Reserve Bank action plan to expand role of rating agencies
RBI says it sought information from banks on the current status of large stressed assets
About 10-12 cases, including Bhushan Steel and GVK Power, will be taken up in the first go
As a WOS, DBS wants to primarily target the small businesses for its growth in the country
Kolkata, 19 MayLed by healthy growth in net interest income (NII), State Bank of India (SBI) posted a big 122.7 per cent growth ...
Q&A with managing director and chief executive, Punjab National Bank
RBI deputy governor wants companies to take steps to reduce debt
SoftBank Group shares surged after Son's December meeting with Trump and his announced investment
Bank had registered a standalone net profit of Rs 1,263 crore in the same period a year ago
For self-employed, rates for home loan up to Rs 30 lakh have been revised to 8.40 per cent
RBI mandated this in - 'Rationalisation of Branch Authorisation Policy- Revision of Guidelines'
A loan under Rs 30 lakh comes under the definition of affordable housing
Profit comes on the back of fall in share of gross bad loans
NPA provisions balloon to Rs 5,333 cr in Q4
Final guidelines issued to be operational with immediate effect
Bank's operating profits increased by 55.30 per cent to Rs 507 cr
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) posted a net profit of Rs 73.6 crore for the quarter ended March 31, the final one of ...
RBI has urged banks to appoint qualified chiefs to head critical finance and technology functions
Bank's total income dropped to Rs 5,661.70 cr
It allows low-rated corporates to obtain a guarantee from lenders when issuing debt
Bank to issue tier-I perpetual bonds of Rs 1,500 cr
Gross bad loans rose to 21.25% from 15.16% at year-ago period
For fresh loans up to Rs 30 lakh, rate will be 8.35% for salaried class & 8.4% for the self-employed
The stock of Capital First fell a little over five per cent on Wednesday, reacting to its private equity promoter, Warburg ...
The company's board recommended 30% dividend per share of rupee one each for 2016-17
Zebpay said this shows growing acceptance of Bitcoins as emerging asset class
Kolkata based Allahabad Bank, which is aggressively targeting to recover non-performing assets (NPA) this year besides changing ...
It estimates that banks were already sitting on unrecognised stressed loans worth Rs 7.7 lakh cr
Piyush Gupta discusses challenges and opportunities for the future of banking, reports Tech in Asia
Sensex rally has helped nation's largest financial investor book 19% more profit in March quarter
Decline mainly due to 12.6% rise in operating costs and 24.7% hike in provisions and contingencies
This is on top of Rs 6.41 lakh crore garnered in the entire last fiscal through this route
Bank registered a net loss of Rs 3,974.3 cr in the same quarter in FY16
In HDFC, new rates are applicable up to limit of Rs 30 lakh
The gross monthly emoluments for the post will be about Rs 2,40,660
CFO, who will have executive director rank, to be responsible for RBI's financial information
Salaried women will get home loans at 8.35%, others can avail at 8.40%
PSB IDBI Bank's total NPLs are worth Rs 20,949 crore
Soiled and not fit for circulation notes are withdrawn by banks and deposited in the chests
On the flip side, resolution process could entail banks to take a haircut in their exposure to loans
Borrowers' clean credit history to spur lending
For past many years, life insurance giant had been functioning with only one or two MDs
New accounting standard would be applicable from January next year
Total income during March quarter rose to Rs 1,606.19 crore in 2016-17
BBB will be advising the government on evolving suitable training and development programmes
RBI had asked banks to conduct an asset quality review in Q3 and Q4 of FY16
UCO Bank said no dividend has been announced for 2016-17
Reserve Bank grants final license to start SFB
UCO reported a narrowing of its quarterly loss and bad-loan ratio
RBI has asked banks to make the process of appointing statutory branch auditors fair
RBI had asked Uday Kotak to reduce his stake in the bank to 30% by June 2017, 20% by Dec 2018
Was not interested in entering the segment itself because of opportunities in core banking business
There were media reports about hike in service charges to Rs 25 on regular ATM transactions
The loan loss provisioning as required by the new Indian Accounting Standards (IndAS) is expected to have a significant impact on ...
In April, regulator had put in place revised guidelines for a correction action plan for weak banks
In the forward dollar market, the outstanding net forward purchase at March-end was $10.835 bn
The total exposure of lenders to the electronic goods maker is pegged at Rs 45,000 crore
Publicsector lender Dena Bank's net loss widened to Rs 575 crore in fourth quarterended March 2017 from Rs 326 crore in Q4 of ...
High NPAs, negative returns on assets trigger step
The private sector banks have high valuations and can raise cash to meet Basel-III norms
BS ReporterHyderabad, 9 May:  Despite the earnings estimate cuts for this year, the analyst firms continue to hold their ...
The bank's stressed assets zoomed 80% year-on-year to Rs 35,245 crore in December quarter
Bank plans to appoint 6 merchant banker to manage the issue
Total income stood at Rs 3,505 cr
Net NPAs at 6.33% showed a slight decline as against 6.42% a year ago, says Rakesh Sharma
Canara Bank in the fourth quarter reported sequentially better numbers on asset quality
Business Standard evaluates likely implications of the ordinance to amend Banking Regulation Act
Govt allocated Rs 10k cr for current financial yr as against Rs 25k cr in last two financial yrs
However, its asset quality worsened leading to an over 50% spike in provisions
With this, the total number of half hourly settlement batches during the day will increase to 23
Under the new government scheme, loans under Rs 30 lakh qualify for affordable housing
The bank reported a March quarter net profit of Rs 214 crore
International Finance Corporation (IFC) is planning to invest around $40 million in Aavas Financiers Limited (AFL), formerly ...
Final date for submitting documents is May 24
SBI has already taken board approval for raising up to Rs 15,000 crore through various means
Insurers are expected to do all actuarial functions and enterprise-wide risk management in house
Biggest challenges faced by regulators, she said, was how to ensure that resources are not wasted
Spike in provisions likely to be short-lived and could reverse for IndusInd Bank and YES Bank
On a day when the government vested more power to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the war against bad debt, the central bank ...
Ordinance gives RBI powers to deal with NPAs
Usha Ananthasubramanian has been moved out of PNB to Allahabad Bank as its new MD and CEO
On a day when the government announced the long-awaited measures to resolve the huge bad loans menace of Indian banking sector, ...
Decisions agreed upon by 50% of creditors by number in JLF is basis for deciding cap
Due to the pricing advantages in the year
Noting that despite the enactment of the Factoring Regulation Act in 2011
The ordinance enables RBI to direct banks to initiate bankruptcy proceedings of defaulting cos
Blockchain is a secure digital ledger for any kind of data
Ordinance will amend relevant Act to give RBI the right to issue directive in the interest of banks
New framework, awaiting Presidential assent, wants cash-rich PSUs as buyers
The 10-member Bankex index added 2.8% on Thursday and touched a record high
Closing date to submit an application form for officer and manager post is May 5, 2017
Company has suffered an underwriting losses to the tune of Rs 3,500 crore
Bank expects overall credit growth to inch up to up to 16% in FY18
Gross NPAs at 7.89% vs 7.2% q-o-q; will issue one bonus share for every 10
The Union Cabinet, led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Wednesday, has approved a new framework to deal with Rs 6 lakh crore ...
Every year, around 12,000-15,000 people are recruited in PSBs in both clerical and officer positions
190 prosecution complaints have been filed against various entities
Banking union sources said there was a meeting on 11th bipartite wage revision
To ensure success of its 2017-18 disinvestment target, the government is taking an easier approach towards investment banks ...
Resource constraints at ARCs is also another prime reason for the dip in the sales
Ghosh will build strategic business value proposition for the unit
FM Arun Jaitley inaugurated 100 ICICI digital villages in New Delhi
Here are the key takeaways from the report
IDFC Bank has managed to reduce these stressed assets significantly
People in rural areas, small towns are swtiching to cashless modes of payment, says industry
This would only be after banks across the country commence functioning on May 2
The rates have been revised for medium and long term deposits and for amount below Rs 1 cr
Parekh said this has been one of the main promises made by Prime Minister Narendra Modi
But no change in lending rates
Merger proposals in banking sector would require clearance from the Competition Commission of India
Revised lending rate will be 8.35% for one-year credit, as against 8.45% currently
The Bengaluru-based NBFC will open 300 branches during the year covering major locations in India
Net NPAs also declined to 1.28% in March 2017 from 1.64% a year ago
With this transaction, Kotak Life will be fully owned by Kotak Mahindra Group
Only four investments were valued at and above $100 million in Q1, as against 7 deals a year ago
Performance was on the back of healthy growth in its microfinance portfolio
Total income up at Rs 9,954 cr in Q4 from Rs 7,910 cr a year ago
The CRO will not have any reporting relationship with business verticals
It reported net profit of Rs 1,111 cr for 2016-17 as against an annualised Rs 500 crore in 2015-16
Airtel & India Post Payments Bank are the only ones to have begun payments bank operations so far
59% of the banks are unable to detect breaches for several months
Much to the surprise of critics, sectors such as petroleum saw twofold jump in digital transactions
The proposed regulations will be brought in under the FEMA rules of 1999
For the fortnight to April 14, bank credit stood at Rs 76.31 lakh crore
The net profit of the bank surged 42 per cent to Rs 256.07 crore
The silver lining is that the 'non-watch list' slippages moderated in Q4
SBI Card is a joint venture between State Bank of India and GE Capital
Official data pointed to a 64 year low in overall credit growth at paltry 5.1% for FY17
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans were 5.04% compared with 5.22% as of end-December
Maharashtra priority credit plan outlay up by 13.6% for FY18
Acquisitions in microfinance space on cards
One reason is that the bank has got its business mix right: 51% retail loans, 49% wholesale ones
Quality conscious high net worth individuals are looking for generous health insurance covers that would cover treatments in ...
The insurer had earned a net profit of Rs 403 cr in same quarter of the previous FY
The corresponding figure in the previous financial year read Rs 165.10 crore
Total income rises to Rs 4,601.88 crore from Rs 4,512.18 crore in March quarter of previous year
Indiabulls Housing Finance had a 24.4 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 841 crore in the March quarter.
Net interest income ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants public sector banks to create long-term career plans for people in specialised positions.
A ...
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Boutique investment bank Moelis & Co plans to expand in India where it believes economic growth and corporate ...
Bank has set floor price of Rs 177.39 a share for so-called qualified institutional placement
Duration of the agreement is for a period of 3 years, State Bank of India said in a statement
These are the top five such cards from the major issuers
In second tranche of capital infusion, government infused Rs 8,586 crore in 10 banks in March
AIC wants to reposition itself as crop insurance is turning out to be a market-based product
Unlike universal banks, SFBs require prior approval from RBI for opening bank branches
Market regulator to relax lock-in, eligibility norms for preferential share allotments
In the preceding Oct-Dec 2016 quarter, the headcount had come down by 4,581 employees
Shyamala Gopinath reappointed as bank's part-time non-executive chairman till June 19, 2019
HDFC Bank, the country's second largest in the private sector in terms of assets, reported an 18.3 per cent rise in both its ...
HDFC Bank reported a net profit of Rs 14,549 crore, a growth of 18.3 per cent in 2016-17
The company's net profit in the preceding fiscal 2015-16 stood at Rs 507.5 crore
The minutes of the MPC meeting was made public yesterday
Traders are hoarding and hunting SBI's perpetual notes by betting it will buy them back within 10 weeks
If the earlier mode continues, it would be continuation of the old development finance institution
He was replying to question on possibility of rate cuts after surge in deposits post-demonetisation
Consumer price inflation rose by an annual 3.81 per cent in March
PCA was previously viewed as 'an extraordinary step' which the central bank avoided
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has extended Rs 9,241 crore as refinance support to cooperative ...
If biometrics match, cardholder is successfully authenticated and transaction can then be approved
LIC's market share in terms of number of policies stood at 76.09%, up from 74.72% last year
While they have restructured loans, there is still question mark over the success of such a work-out
YES Bank's bad assets more than double
Bad loans rose 1.52% of gross advances as on March 31 as against 0.76% a year ago
Interest earned in the quarter rose more than 23% to Rs 4,349 cr
FY17 net up 25% at Rs 2,867 cr
LIC, however, increases stake in company to 16.29%
Total debt at about Rs 4 lakh crore, analysts estimate stress of Rs 80,000 crore
Telecom sector has a debt of about Rs 4.6 lakh crore
The fee kicks in from April 1
Banks would not be allowed to invest more than 10% of the unit capital of a REIT or InvIT
Securitisation volumes drop 20% in F&17 after two years of rapid growth
Daiichi Sankyo approached the Delhi High Court on Monday to protest against the 80 percent stake sale of Religare Health ...
Panel also reviewed the status of implementation of recommendations of Financial Stability Board
SBI set Apr 13 deadline for officers of 5 associate banks for options regarding PF, pension, etc
Last year MFI securitisation volumes had increased 80 per cent to around Rs 9,000 crore
Premium rates for the current financial year are higher than those of the previous year
Loan growth plummeted to a whopping six decadal low of 5.08 per cent in fiscal 2017
Crop failure and inability to deploy tractors were some of the reasons for the loans turning bad
The bank has  ruled out any buyout
But globally insurers, fund houses have been staying away from investing in sectors like tobacco
This will ease the pressure on the exchequer of pumping in capital
In the year to March 2016, banks reported a credit growth of 10.69 per cent at Rs 75.30 trillion
Regulator said companies may offer discounts to customers if their policies are sold online
LIC has been into business of insurance but they don't have expertise on loan risk assessment
NDB plans to issue bonds this year in the Indian rupee and Chinese yuan
Mumbai, 14 AprilThe Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) offer for employees of State Bank of India's associate banks, now formally ...
Scheme for absorption of 30,000 officers of five associate banks initiated by SBI hit a speed bump
Bank deposits rose 2.63 trillion rupees to 108.05 trillion rupees in the two weeks to March 31
Online SBI, the bank's web banking platform, is the fifth most visited financial site globally
Orders come on last day of deadline for submission of joining options by staff of associate banks
Two of the accused, Sahil Verma and Monu, were arrested from Gurugram yesterday
Anup Roy and Abhijit LeleMumbai, 13 April: The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) new prompt corrective action (PCA) plan for banks, ...
CSFB, country's first in new category of Small Finance Banks, started operations on Apr 24 last year
Europe-based insurance company ERGO has begun scouting for a new partner at its life insurance business in this country.
The ...
US banks have been benefiting from a jump in markets-related revenue following the rate hikes
Regulatory action will be taken if a bank's capital-to-risk-assets ratio falls below 7.75%, RBI said
Arundhati Bhattacharya expects cost and efficiency gains from the absorption of associate banks
Bank loans worth Rs 22,000 crore which were recast under Strategic Debt Restructuring (SDR) in 2015-16 had slipped into the ...
Altico Capital, a non-banking financial company, wants to raise multiple tranches of money for a real estate private equity fund ...
State-run insurance behemoth witnessed degrowth in terms of policies during the year under review
Sanjay Jain, Rajiv Jain, Rohit Chaudhary, Sanjeev Agarwal have been arrested on the complaint of PNB
Last date for online registration is April 26, 2017
Last date to send in applications is April 18, 2017
RBI has allowed IFSC banking units (IBUs) to engage in derivative transactions
Some parties said demonetisation did not have positive impact on credit growth
Similarities between hacks raise concerns about recent attacks on financial institutions world-wide
At least Rs 8 crore were deposited in old notes in these accounts
President congratulated the six winners of Lucky Grahak Yojana and Digi Dhan Vyapar Yojana
PE firm True North will buy Religare's entire 80% stake in RHI
Post the second round of capital infusion in March, the govt stake in some PSBs could go beyond 75%
The gold loan Non Banking Finance Company (NBFC) Manappuram Finance Ltd, which has posted an assets under management of Rs 14,600 ...
Sharia banking is a finance system in which charging interest rates is prohibited under Islam
Nearly ten banks have signed an MoU with bank unions to formalize a turnaround pact.
Earlier, unions had laid out the condition ...
Discussion paper fixes Rs 1,000 cr as minimum capital for these specialised banks
SBI's gross NPAs in December 2016 were at Rs 1.08 lakh crore, an increase by 48.6% from Rs 72,792 cr
Airtel Payments Bank said it has opened more than 150,000 savings accounts in Odisha since its launch.
Around a third of such ...
Private life insurer Birla Sun Life Insurance (BSLI) today announced to develop a team of women insurance advisors across ...
Said note ban can boost govt revenue by moving economic activity from informal to formal sector
Earlier the requirement was Rs 2 crore
The Reserve Bank on Thursday raised reverse repo rate to 6% but kept repo unchanged at 6.25%
Since April 1, 2016, the banks have reduced their MCLR by around 60-125 bps
The state government has formed an eight-member committee to implement the decision
There is no ban on giving loans, but it would cost higher provisions for the bank
Fundraising plan is pending shareholder approval and a nod from the board of directors
The monogram has been refined for greater clarity and ease of use
In a research note it projected CPI-based inflation to average 5% in 2017-18
Bank says this QIP will boost the capital adequacy to 20%
Aimed at those who transact digitally for amount between Rs 500-2,500 and is an option to pay later
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has made a name for itself in recovery of bad loan dues
Consolidation has reversed a long spell of setting up new enterprises by each new govt in New Delhi
SBI said the cash crunch problem was acute in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana
Dixit succeeds Alexander von zur Mühlen, who served for seven years as treasurer
YES Bank was the first bank that began operations at the IFSC in October 2015
RBI will likely tread carefully at a time most central banks in Asia are keeping key rates on hold
The issue is part of SBI's $10 billion medium-term note programme
Banks had stressed loans of 9.64 trillion rupees as of end-Dec, loans continue to soar
Merged entity will have deposit base of more than Rs 26 lakh crore
Jain's focus areas: Retail loans, bad assets resolution
Earlier, he served as RBI's executive director
Charges will also apply to customers of 5 erstwhile associates and Bharatiya Mahila Bank
ICICI Bank today announced the integration of its retail internet banking with 'DigiLocker', an online repository platform for ...
Notedly, while SBI contained its bad loans in the Dec quarter, most of 5 associates saw same soaring
Marginal cost-based lending rate of the SBI remains unchanged
Yes Bank raised the money via a secondary offering
Still, their salaries are much lower than the top executives of various banks regulated by the RBI
Stresses on quick resolution of stalled projects
Kamath also underlined the need for a bad bank to deal with rising NPAs
NDB has signed its first agreement for providing a loan to finance district roads in Madhya Pradesh
The NDB has begun working on the African regional centre to be completed by May this year
Total customer base of the bank is now expected to reach 370 mn with a branch network of 24,000
This takes total increase in investment caps for FPIs in g-secs up to Rs 2,310 bn from Rs 2,200 bn
Favours people who don't identify as particular gender or who don't want to be identified by gender
Funds to be deployed for consolidation opportunities and resolution of stressed assets
However, govt wants to address bad debt problem before any such consolidation, he said
The Mumbai-based bank raised about $750 million through the sale of new shares at Rs 1,500 each
Process of recovering the money from 19 banks is on
The Reg S bond programme has been sold through its London branch and is priced at Libor plus 95 bps
High housing loan interests and reluctance to borrow are dissuading Indian buyers who have to dig into savings to own a house, a ...
Investment to help the SFB support growth and manage its liability during early years
In the run up to its launch next month, Balalji Telefilms' digital video streaming platform ALTBalaji has entered partnership ...
Its aim is to double the customer base to 16 million over the next 18 months
Initiative allows one to open zero-balance, zero-charge a/c in 5 minutes using only Aadhar and PAN
Shares of bank were trading 1.10 per cent up at Rs 36.65 on the BSE
Jan Dhan deposits, which had peaked after demonetization, to around Rs 74000 crore at the end of November 2016, are gradually ...
Govt adds levy must not be out of line with the average cost of providing these services
What we always do is to curb the undue volatility in the forex market, says Mundra
Banks to get more aggressive and act like PE investors
Net proceeds will be utilised towards augmenting its capital base
According to the magazine, a 2014 trip to Silicon Valley made Puri a digital evangelist
He said that the company will not require to set up a brick and mortar structure for the Digibank
However, SBI MD Rajnish Kumar ruled out any lay-offs
The loan sanctions by Ireda have grown from Rs 826 crore in 2007-08 to Rs 7,806 crore in 2015-16
The change in premium after modification will be limited to +/- 5 per cent of the existing rates
At present, around 40 per cent of SBI's 20,000 branches sell SBI Life's products
Vastu Housing Finance is trying to leverage technology to establish and distinguish itself
Lenders are using apps to gather detailed information about you to fasten the loan process
Central bank likely to keep tabs on large wilful defaulters; policy likely by month-end
Only Indian to feature in the list this time
Executive committee of central board accorded in-principle approval for IPO of shares, says SBI
Global financial crisis has shown that the reality is more nuanced and that of balance
The turnaround plan for banks is being formulated by SBI Caps
It hopes that government would soon announce measures to resolve the issue of bad loans
Banks like J P Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo say they want to give consumers access to their data
UCO Bank also figures in the list and the name of fourth lender could not be immediately ascertained
The floor price has been fixed at Rs 1,498.95 per share
Weakening growth in loans or credit, continued stress on asset quality and cuts in lending rates have impacted profitability at ...
The brokerage shifts focus to small lenders with niche operations and good asset quality
The Finance Ministry wants to discuss implementing new framework called 'standing deposit facility'
Bhattacharya had also expressed reservation over assurances and demand for farm loans waiver
Banks were told to identify stressed assets and make prudential provisions for them, said Mundra
Banks have seen a surge in cash deposits ever since demonetisation
Source of money for political entities widened; Lok Sabha passes Finance Bill
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), which has been going through tough time due to increasing NPAs, to get Rs 1,100 crore ...
The stock of Axis Bank closed 0.72 per cent down at Rs 484.50 on BSE
The bank's market share will shoot up to 23 per cent from the current 17 per cent
Available for those who put in 20 years of service or completed 55 years of age as on Feb 28, 2017
Many are struggling in a market that has long been difficult, thanks to messy deals, paltry fees
The bank would hold shareholders' meeting on April 27 to get nod for the capital raising plan
Bank unions will meet in Kolkata on March 24th to formulate a strategy to counter government's directions to banks seeking ...
Demands include 5-day banking, PF to be calculated on total salary and allowances, not only on basic
Banks had reported Rs 8,191 crore as loan outstanding against Mallya as on December 31, 2016
Even as the Government of India, for the first time swapped the top executives of two public sector banks - Indian bank and IDBI ...
This, to ensure greater banking outreach to women
Experts say start-ups have low Ebitda initially and debt is raw material for NBFCs' biz requirements
As a board-driven bank, Indian Bank will have continuity in terms of strategies and medium and long term plan even though there ...
However, NBFCs' exposure to risks from LAP is broadly offset by their share of stable mortgage loans
But the bank says it will continue to work in India
SBI is India's largest bank with assets of Rs 30.72 lakh crore
IDBI Bank today said it has appointed Mahesh Kumar Jain as its new Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer.
	"Mahesh Kumar ...
The Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had last week cleared the merger
After Cabinet approval on merger of five associate banks with the State Bank of India, the Government has decided on merging ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank has raised Rs 1,000 crore by issuing bonds compliant with Basel III standards.
	The board of ...
The Government of India has notified the swaping of IDBI Bank Ltd Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer Kishor Piraji ...
Move prompted by rising defaults in MFI loan books following note ban in November
Ministry argues entity's debt should be serviced by internal resources; govt should not pay for them
Any loan by a financial institution to an SME below Rs 10 lakh is termed a Mudra loan
Both companies have jointly developed an in-app video conferencing and collaboration tool
200 accounts set to become NPAs by March-end as bankers want immunity from prosecutions in future
Bad loans of PSBs rose by about Rs 1 lakh crore during the April-December period of 2016-17
UP has an MSME base of over 3 million and the sector is the largest job creator after agriculture
Union Cabinet has already given in-principle approval to the merger of BMB with State Bank of India
FinMin wants banks to get commitment from trade unions
PMO, FinMin, RBI also plan one-time settlement scheme for some sectors
Unions say it might be difficult for them to stop this move after merger
As of end-September, the banks' total stressed loans were Rs 8.97 lakh crore
Union Cabinet's Appointments Committee, headed by PM Modi, will take the final decision
Seeks to increase ceiling to up to 49% of paid up capital
Announced fund infusion of Rs 22,915 cr out of Rs 25,000 cr marked for 13 PSBs for current fiscal
Agri sector need an added thrust to drive the economy as it has been hit by 2 bad monsoons
There are rising concerns over mounting bad loans in the banking system
Cites incomplete disclosures; firm says deal beneficial to shareholders
PCI adds, further reduction in MDR will discourage future investments, affecting e-payments industry
RBI is expected to stay put on repo rate in upcoming monetary policy because of rise in inflation
HDFC Bank Ltd is offering loan against shares in about two-three minutes by completely digitizing the project.
For this, the bank ...
The bank is also considering selling retail operations in European countries, including Spain
SBI executive said nod from the board is an enabling provision
BJP had promised to bring in a loan waiver scheme for farmers in the state, if it's voted to power
At present, SBI holds 60% stake in SBI Cards and Payments and will acquire another 14% stake
After that SBI Life Insurance will begin the regulatory process for IPO
SBI also decided to inject Rs 1,160 cr into two credit card joint ventures companies
Public sector banks' gross bad loans stood at Rs 5,02,068 crore at the end of 2015-16
NSDL was one of the 11 entities given licences to float payments bank
Warns about adverse fallout from farm-loan wavier ABHIJIT LELEAs a step to clean up books State Bank of India hasfloated a ...
RBI had announced last month that the restrictions would be lifted on March 13
MFIs faced problems in getting repayment in some pockets of India because of currency shortage
Gross premium income stood at Rs 10,288 cr in Feb 2017, up from Rs 7,711 cr a year ago
To protect their bottom lines, non-life insurers may up premiums in certain segments by 10-15%
Their gross premium stood at Rs 7,710.81 crore in the same month a year ago
While ICICI had largest number of cases at 455, in value terms SBI topped with Rs 2,237 cr
Centre expects good valuation on them once they make their market debut
None of the states is in a position to pay debt out of surplus, as there is no surplus, says Icra
High margins and volumes are two reasons why banks are 
exploring the market in thrift credit
Real estate is non-core function at SBI; a separate arm will help officials focus on core banking
The regulator's concern is that current premiums in group health segment are not justified
The officials discussed ways to deal with NPAs, estimated at more than Rs 9.5 lakh crore: Sources
He has been appointed in place of R Gandhi
The insurance regulator is considering asking insurance companies for segmental reporting of balanceheets.
This will show the ...
Divestment is seen as a part of the monetisation process of non-core assets of Canara Bank
As on December 31, 2016, IndusInd had an asset base of about Rs 1,67,102 crore
Company says that it would put in place new mechanisms to prevent misuse of credit cards
They play a key role in managing rescue and liquidation processes envisaged under the Code
The total gross non-performing assets of banks in December 2016 was more than Rs 6 lakh crore
The Ministry of IT will take comments and suggestions until March 20
ABHIJIT LELECountry's largest life insurer Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will step up sale of non-single premium ...
RBI reduced amount to Rs 25,000 from earlier Rs 1 lakh in line with provisions of the Income Tax Act
Failure to maintain Monthly Average Balance will attract penalty of up to Rs 100 plus service tax
Country's largest lender State Bank of India today launched a new facility to enable its employees to work from home.
	The Board ...
PNB, BoB, BoI, Canara Bank already charge customers  for failing to maintain a minimum balance
Once car buyers buy costly insurance, they do not get any support from the insurance companies
Life insurance sector had witnessed decline of 13.55% in in 2015-16
Exceeding Street expectations after demonetisation, five small private banks have again become market favourites.
While these ...
The apex court asked why old notes were not accepted till March 31 as was promised
Impact of demonetisation may be seen on some segments of the economy in the fourth quarter, RBI deputy governor Viral V Acharya ...
Also asked to reconsider levying charges on cash transactions, ATM withdrawals over specified limits
Bank has identified assets worth Rs 1,800 cr that will be sold by month-end to recover bad loans
It will hit 31 crore depositors including pensioners and students
Former RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan also made a case for offering ESOPs to bank staff
The charges and MAB varies according to the location of bank
Out of Rs 6.8 lakh cr of NPAs of public sector banks, 70% are those of big corporate houses
IDBI Federal Life Insurance expects to wipe out accumulated losses in two years
Banks have also reintroduced a levy beyond 4-5 free cash transactions at branches to cover costs
Debt funds better route for those looking at longer investment tenures
DNI is a home Solution brand specialising in Home theatre, Home Automation
Credit growth was 11.2% in the year-ago period and has now touched 5%
The bond holders will get yield of 8.95% per annum, payable semi-annually
Deposits rose 12.8%, the RBI's weekly statistical supplement
Penalty back after 4 years; max levy: Rs 100 plus service tax; bank to cut interest on certain FDs
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today said it has raised USD 300 million through a international bond ...
Banks are clear that lending rates are not going to fall further
This is part of capital raising exercise for banks
It has significant presence in investment banking but lags pvt sector peers in broking space
Private sector lender ICICI Bank today hit the overseas debt market with a USD 500-million dollar-denominated bond issue and is ...
In a bid to discourage cash transactions, some banks are levying a fee of up to Rs 150
MD for risk & supply chain at Thomson Reuters, Cotter says simply collecting documents won't cut it
This move being considered as a move to discourage cash transactions and encourage digital payments
IRDA usherd in true competition by abolishing the Tariff Advisory Committee in 2002
The bank would also cap the third party cash transactions at Rs 25,000 per day
ICICI Bank has already been levying a similar fee since July 2016 on cash transactions beyond five
Bank adds the sector is prepared for the worst
This is part of the government's efforts to boost the digital payment system
RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya has proposed setting up 'bad bank'
Dealers attributed the rupee's fall to increased demand for the US currency
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited has raised Rs 160 crore in the last one week from existing and new investors, including TVS ...
The facility has been launched in India, for the first time anywhere in the world
S&P Global Ratings today said profitability of banks will improve in the next fiscal but barring large capital infusion the ...
State-owned lender may need additional capital infusion
Services like cash deposits and withdrawal from branches and cheque clearances have been hit hard
Bitcoin start-ups Zebpay, Unocoin, Coinsecure and Searchtrade have jointly launched a Digital Asset and Blockchain Foundation of ...
Single premium segment boosts income to Rs 1.45 lakh crore
With all the ten small finance banks (SFB) set to be operational over the next two months, local hiring has turned out to be the ...
Dealers say foreign investors are now taking keen interest in lower-rated corporate bonds, too
Survey to be held across 18 cities covering 5,500 households
Chairman V K Sharma expects Rs 35,000 cr in new business premium by March-end
Under Islam, Sharia banking is a finance system which prohibits charging interest
Functioning of branches and offices will be hit if the strike goes ahead on Tuesday
India's largest insurer will declare its quarterly results for first time
HSBC has disclosed being probed by tax authorities in India and several other countries
GNPAs of public sector banks are now at a staggering 11.2 per cent of their advances
India figures as the second-biggest among HSBC's 'main centres of employment' after the UK
HSBC said it has set aside $773 mn as a provision for various tax, money laundering-related matters
CEO Winters says bank planning in case 'things get very messy'
Banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Goldman Sachs Group have disclosed similar investigations
Fitch said that similar mechanisms have been used to help clean up banking systems in the US
Kunnambath would report to Alex Wade, Head of Developed and Emerging Asia
Weak Q3 performance triggers rating review
It had impairment losses on loans and other credit-risk provisions of Rs 6,251.52 cr in 2015
Post note ban, unaccounted cash can be deposited under PMGKY in banks till March 31
LinTeractive has been entrusted the task to create a digital engagement for HDFC Ergo
In 2008, AIG nearly got collapsed and get $182 billion bailout by the US government
Board has given approval for the sale of 13.45 per cent stake in the mortgage firm
SBI is expected to become a lender of global proportions with an asset base of over $555 billion
APB had already opened 2.5 lakh banking points across the country
Before the acquisition, the bank held 79,61,535 shares or 0.13% of equity in the company
Implement the existing one properly to clean up the mess
Parliamentary panel to visit Chennai Feb 27 and Kolkata March 1 to discuss bank NPAs
From next year growth could move up faster if demand comes back faster post-remonetisation
Process has been initiated to bring payments by digitising transactions of Svatantra Microfinance
The non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks in Odisha is recorded at 11.95 per cent as on December 31, 2016 with maximum slippages ...
RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya proposed creation of a private-based agency
Sebi and the RBI are looking at tightening trigger points for foreign portfolio investment
According to Acharya's plans, govt should not bear full cost of restructuring losses
The government's holding in IDBI Bank stood at 73.98 per cent as on December 2016
Slippages have moderated in Q3 but delays in resolution of bad loans are making life difficult
Arundhati Bhattacharya called for better telecom infra to drive digital payments agenda of govt
India had did it through a piecemeal approach that has given all discretion to lenders
RBI has restored the cap as the exposure crossed the prescribed 74% threshold
The economic slowdown had started much before 2013 but banks continued to pour money into sick firms
According to IDBI Bank, the issue of capital may be discussed in a subsequent board meeting
IndiaPost's payments bank to become operational in Sep; make Aadhaar payment address
$1 billion share buy-back takes HSBC's announced buy-backs since second half of 2016 to $3.5 billion
The meeting also discussed the problems faced by banks in faster resolution of stressed assets
The bank has been in discussion with the government on the capital infusion plan
Will rework strategy, indicates FinMin, concerned at lender's worsening finances
Deal to give boost to cash-free payments across India and provide mobility options to Jio users
New India Assurance Co Ltd is targeting its global premium to go up to Rs 25,000 crore in 2017-18, anticipating the year could ...
Proceeds will be utilised to fund business growth
Irdai had expressed reservations about the deal structure in the proposed merger of the two entities
The existing web address will remain active till customers become familiar with new address
Reports earlier said that the bank would seek permission to defer IPO by three years
Central bank issued direction after 74% FPI ceiling was crossed
Analysts feel NII of SFBs may gradually fall from current 47.8% to 27.5% in the next two years
Bank gets executive committee nod to raise funds, to augment its additional tier-I capital
Almost 20% of the banking assets are stressed with the NPAs
Payment wallets not a viable business option, says the HDFC Bank chairman
Foreign shareholding cap in the bank overshoots limit; RBI calls emergency meeting of custodians
Share jumps 9.5% after RBI lifts FII ban, then retreats as it again hits investment ceiling; lender pips RIL to become ...
May be first pure general insurer to go public; Will comes out with both, OFS and fresh issue
Consolidation inevitable given market dynamics, experts said at BS Insurance Round Table
He also said much of note ban controversy could have been avoided, had authorities been better prepared
RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a day-to-day basis
Find out what the panellists had to say on demonetisation, crop insurance and industry growth
Sanjiv Chadha believes that London would continue to be the global 'financial hub'
MDR to be on the basis of merchant turnover, rather than the present slab-rate based on transaction value
Cabinet approved the merger of 5 associate banks with SBI, making it among top 50 global lenders
The Federal Reserve chief demurred on commenting on specific changes in the budget
Contrast shows gaps between banks that have recovered from financial crisis and those that haven't
Customers will get 3 step ups while the outstanding amount will be amortised over remaining tenure
First such claim may be made by April 30, 2017 for the quarter ending March 31, 2017
About the concept of bad bank, Rai said much can be argued on both sides
She informs employees can either retain their current pay structure or they can get the SBI standards package
No decision was taken on the proposal to merge the Bharatiya Mahila Bank with SBI
Post-merger, a shareholder will get 28 shares of SBI for every 10 shares of SBBJ
With an asset base 5 times ICICI Bank's, this will place SBI among top 50 global banks
Consolidation of books to take 30 days from announcement of merger date
National Insurance and Oriental Insurance have solvency ratios below the required 1.5%
Consolidation of books to take 30 days from announcement of merger date
The company is looking at Rs 1,000 crore premium collections in next two years, says MD
Domestic rating agency believes there is an increasing divide between the large and smaller PSBs
The deposits stood at $20.85 bn in December 2016 from $44.11 bn at the end of September 2016
Insurance provided by employer offers better coverage, claim recovery and cost efficiency
It has lowered IDBI's stand-alone credit profile to 'B-' from 'BB-'
Focus is on recovering part of the money from large borrowers before the close of the financial year
This does, said bankers, give them confidence on follow-up action
The stock tumbled 10.26% to end at Rs 168.75 on BSE
May tap QIP route to raise equity from government, investors
K Sanath Kumar, chairman and managing director of  National Insurance spoke to Namrata Acharya
Mid-sized private sector lender Indusind Bank is keen on acquiring new credit card customers
Reliance Capital would retain 51% stake in the separately listed venture
This is despite the fact that the industry base for cyber insurance is currently as low as Rs 60 cr
There are 24 life insurers in the country, of which only one LIC, is state-owned.
The company has registered a net profit of Rs 154.33 crore in Q3
He said that cut in lending rates could be done at least in some sectors where reduction has been relatively lower so far
This is in the wake of overtures by Apple to sell used iPhones in India
Sequentially, net profit was down
NPA provisions decline but gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans rose slightly to 7.23%
The interest expenses reduced by 8.05% to Rs 7,272 crore from Rs 7,909 crore
Standalone net profit, not including contributions from subsidiaries or associates, rose 134%
Priority for time-bound action, repayment
Priority for time-bound action, repayment
As rate easing cycle comes to halt, so does the high surge that banks witnessed in their income
Gross NPA rose marginally to Rs 52,890 cr at the end of Dec 2016 from Rs 51,380 cr in Sept 2016
He says that the govt has undertaken very extensive consultations for the bill and it is ready
State-run lender booked a net profit of Rs 1.02 bn in the three months ending in December
It allows cheap transfer of funds to India; intends to expand transfers to Malaysia, Hong Kong, Australia
3.2 million cards had been affected by the breach, causing a scare over security of card-based transactions
RBI sees much room and other bankers do not, giving various reasons
Experts say if steps to improve loan recovery succeed, then the allocation could suffice in the medium-term
May look to sell the stake in PNB Housing Finance and PNB Gilts; might not explore PNB MetLife at this point
Banks recorded stressed loans of $133 billion, or 12.34% of their total loans, as of last September
He adds that the company will likely see a new cash infusion in the next month
Adds, final numbers will be divulged after June 30, day when all windows for depositing old notes will be closed
Total income has decreased to Rs 7,104.21 crore for the quarter ended December 2016
As on date, 37 banks are on the BHIM platform
MPC to factor in the impact of rising crude oil prices and Trump administration's policy approach
It is targetting reaching out to agricultural & MSME segments to inject its deposits in the market
Say payments discipline was high 10 years ago, but many defaulted after the global financial crisis
While three of the 21 state-run banks--Central Bank of India, Indian Overseas Bank and United Bank of India had negative ...
This is the second reduction by the bank in the last two months after demonetisation
So far, the corporation has added 45,000 agents on a net basis this year
Over-leveraging signs already there; consolidation likely as regular banks get into the segment
FM in Budget speech on Feb 1 announced capital infusion of Rs 10,000 cr for the next fiscal
Nomura expects both growth and inflation to accelerate, keeping the RBI on hold throughout 2017
Global rating agency Fitch welcomed the move, saying this will also help them raise domestic capital
Budget Estimates show 5% dip in resource generation
A score above 50 denotes expansion and one below this level means contraction
Alibaba president Evans to be on 7-member board, new-look platform by Diwali
The Economic Survey 2016-17 has suggested establishment of a 'bad bank' to deal with the NPA issue
Gross NPAs of private sector banks were just 2.70 per cent of gross advances during the FY16
Jaitley said RBI had also advised Scheduled Commercial Banks to implement systems to secure ATMs
MFI mostly serves people who work in informal sector and hail from middle- and low-income groups
Buoyed by Budget, Tatas, Shapoorji Pallonji, Puravankara, others to launch more affordable housing projects
Govt in the present FY has in its kitty small savings of more than Rs 90,000 cr
IRRBB refers to the current or prospective risk to a bank's capital and earnings
The amendments are applicable with immediate effect, said RBI
Currently, NRIs are permitted to hedge their currency risk through over-the-counter transactions
Commercial papers are short-term debt papers that mature within seven days to a year
Official says, about 60% of these accounts have been opened in rural areas
With softer interest rates, State-run banks are expected to raise money through additional bonds
The objective of the agreement is to improve the Engineering Education sector in India
The central bank will hold its next monetary policy meet on February 8
Bad bank proposal very much on government agenda: Jaitley
For the quarter-ended on December 2016
Under Indradhanush roadmap announced in 2015, the government will infuse Rs 70,000 crore
Asset quality remains under pressure leading to a rise in dud loans and lower core interest income
Gross non-performing loan ratio widens to 7.91%
For savings account deposits up to Rs 1 lakh, the rate of interest would be 6.25%
IPPB will spend Rs 800 crore on building a pan-India network
Parekh says drafting new I-T law is hindered by the lack of experience
The bank will offer an interest rate of 4.5 per cent on deposits up to Rs 25,000
The lender aims to attract bankers from emerging economies and neighboring countries as trainers
Bengaluru-based JFSL has a strong capital base, after an equity infusion of Rs 1,000 crore in 2016
Govt decided cyber labs be notified soon to help make IT-based evidence admissible in courts
Natrajan said the bank had raised Rs 150 crore in tier-II bonds in November 2016
This comes at a time when banks are flush with funds after note ban and are cutting deposit rates
After Bharti Airtel and Paytm, India Post Payments Bank third entity to receive payments bank permit
Consensus estimate of market is that govt would redeem about Rs 1.75 lakh cr of bonds in the next FY
Kochi-based Asimov Robotics has developed Ira
Collection dived to 75-80% in November-December from 99% after demonetisation
Interview with Ramaswamy Venkatachalam, Managing Director, India and South Asia, FIS
The benefits of staff reduction were visible on cost to income front, with ratio dipping to 43.8%
ISSL custodial clientele includes corporates, institutions, high net worth individuals and NRIs
Total income rose to Rs 7,670 cr during the quarter from Rs 6,950 cr a year ago
PoS & e-commerce transactions increased to 2.5 lakh from 70,000 in a day
Achieved on the back of higher interest income
Gross NPA of the Bank during the third quarter is at Rs 34,502.13 crore
Net premium income of company rose 28.9% to Rs 5,698 crore during third quarter of 2016-17
He is appointed for a three-year term and will be in charge of monetary policy department
RBL Bank scrip rose by about 5% as it continued to rerate on positive December quarter results
Stock of Central Bank closed 0.48% up at Rs 83.45 on BSE
Bank's net profit in corresponding Oct-Dec quarter of 2015-16 stood at Rs 97 crore
Forthcoming Union Budget is a time when banks are flush with funds post-demonetisation
Bank would also see its staff strength increased over 3 fold going forward
Some banks have started counting the exposure of companies under SDR as non-performing assets
A move that comes amidst the I-T department uncovering anomalies post demonetisation
The new payments bank will be a separate entity housed within the 20-year-old securities depository
Workers will also hold a dharna at Reserve Bank of India offices on Feb 2
ICICI Lombard is a JV formed in 2001 between ICICI Bank, India's second-largest bank, and Fairfax
Shares were issued at a price of Rs 269.59 per unit of face value of Re 1 each
Deposits rose 14.7%, as showed by Reserve Bank of India's weekly statistical supplement
They allege that the cash crunch is continuing and most of the ATMs are still non-functional
The asset quality of the bank slipped further with gross NPAs rising to 11.19% of gross advances as on Dec 31, 2016
The Bangalore-based state lender had a net profit of Rs 84.9 crore for the Oct-Dec quarter of FY16
Flipkart's PhonePe app asks the user to open a UPI handle on the app
Axis Bank's loan portfolio quality deteriorated, with gross NPAs rising to 5.22% of gross advances
Aims fivefold growth in revenue to Rs 1,400 crore in 5 years
Rates for new loans were cut earlier this month
Nilekani launched uPOS, a solution where merchants can accept payment using UPI, from Federal Bank
Net profit stood at Rs 645 cr
Monetary penalty has been imposed for violations of Know Your Customer or Anti-Money Laundering
ICICI Bank had earlier cited concerns surrounding security for blocking transactions on PhonePe
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 110.74 crore in the Oct-Dec period of 2015-16
The bank's gross NPAs rose to 5.22% of gross advances as against 1.68% in same period a year ago
'Digital Literacy Camps' will be organised at 275 different places in Madhya Pradesh
Bank has registered a net profit of Rs 162.72 crore in the year-ago period
The private sector lender had reported a net profit of Rs 675.74 crore in 2015-16
This is the first time a mass hiring drive is being initiated.
Jaitley-Gadkari panel delegated authority to clear further details
The government's holdings in these companies will be brought down to 75% from 100%, Jaitley said
A few senior RBI employees were held for money laundering and illegal exchange of banned notes
The key risk to revenue growth for the current fiscal is a short-term fall in demand
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley might announce a third straight year of record capital spending
Implements the controversial guideline allowing first right of refusal to select players
Meeting will discuss the demonetisation of Indian currency notes and its impact
SBI last raised overseas debt by issuing $300 million last September,  $1.25 billion in Feb, 2014
ICRA said the capital requirement for PSBs in 2016-17 is pegged at Rs 45,000-50,000 crore
It is expected that the revenue from public sector banks is likely to be less than Rs 1,000 cr
Customers can instantaneously submit digital documents through company's self-service mobile app
As of March 2016, its total premium stood at Rs 1,700 crore which may touch Rs 2,100 crore
UK-based reinsurance company Lloyd is expected to set up its branch in Mumbai in 2017
The NCDs were issued in November with a coupon rate of 7.6%
Muthoot Finance said it will utilise the funds raised through this issue to lending activities of the company
These moves are seen as banks getting nervous of being disrupted by new-age digital payments players
In line with the blueprint, PSBs are to get Rs 25,000 crore in each fiscal
Fino was one among the 11 entities given in-principle nod to start payments bank by RBI in Aug 2015
RBI and PM Modi has been criticised for the implementation of demonetisation
The new rate would be effective from January 15
The city-based lender had reported a post tax profit of Rs 41 crore in the year-ago period
The new rates are effective from January 18
SGRF to infuse $150 mn; OIJIF Fund II is targeting a corpus of $300 million by 2017-end
Bank has favoured tax concessions in the upcoming Budget for customers
7.25% for savings accounts; plan is to have 600,000 banking points by year-end
List is for the period up to September 2016
REITs and InvITs are vehicles created to primarily invest in revenue-generating real estate assets
CBDT spotlight on banks, dormant accounts that got sudden outflow during demonitisation
The infrastructure sector saw a dip of 6.7% in the year to November 25
SBI reduced the lending rates for home loans by 50 bps to 8.6%  for floating rate loans
Loan growth are not encouraging, a modest shift in demand from the money market is likley
UBI reduced MCLR between 60-90 basis points across tenures, effective from January 6
Deposits have come down from a peak of around Rs 25,000 cr to Rs 2,200 cr at present
On Monday, BoB slashed home loan rates by 70 basis points to 8.35%
The bank tapped into rising footfall to boost cross-selling
Report highlighted that credit enhancement would be important in making corporate bonds attractive
Citigroup expects 2017-18 average inflation at 4.9 per cent up from 4.6 per cent in 2016-17
On the impact of demonetisation, he said that  there would be a decline in the rate of growth
Getting data to produce insight is the holy grail, say banking and technology chief executives
This is part of an Artificial Intelligence (AI) project it began last year, to improve its technological capability
BoB has reduced its marginal cost of fund based lending rates (MCLR) by 55-75 basis points
The report is jointly penned by Moody's and its domestic arm Icra Ratings.
The bank recently announced a steep 90 bps reduction in its MCLR- based lending rate
The move comes at a time when online payments are getting a huge push by the government
Incidentally, the payments platforms as of now do not charge a commission on e-wallets
Provisional RBI data for November-December show a steady increase in card usage
Post-demonetisation, 25 high-value cash deposits have been identified as allegedly suspicious
Despite having a lull after note ban, it has disbursed Rs 80,000 crore from April to Dec in 2016
MCLR reduced by 0.7%
After demonetisation in India, NRB had also lowered exchange limit of Indian banknotes
PSBs are facing a talent crunch, and the entry of more universal and payments banks are expected to add to this
In the same quarter a year before, most of them had reported a dismal performance
SIDBI and LIC had signed a MoU to supplement funds under India Aspiration Fund
Equity shares were priced at Rs 140
The government has already announced fund infusion of Rs 22,915 crore
Compensation package of the PSBs needs to be improved in some way, says Rai
The bank's asset liability committee revised downwards the MCLR by 0.60-0.90 per cent
The new rates are effective from January 7th
RBI had introduced MCLR system from April last year, replacing six-year old base rate system
The firm will launch its services first in Uttar Pradesh and then expand operations to the Northeast
HDFC is offering 8.65% to women borrowers for loans up to Rs 75 lakh, and 8.7% to other borrowers
While rate cuts may increase churn between banks, these may not boost credit off-take meaningfully
Some banks have also extended free-of-charge withdrawals from ATMs till March 31
Payments banks can accept deposits from individuals and small businesses up to Rs 1 lakh per account
Bank of India also reduced its home loan rates by 0.9%
Its aim is to pass on the benefit of reduction in cost of funds and give a push to credit demand
A slight revision of 50 bps point can increase eligibility for new borrowers
SBI said it had received about Rs 1,60,000 cr in low-cost deposits after demonetisation
Dena Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, ICICI Bank are among the lenders that picked up cue from SBI
This will make home, auto and other loans cheaper
The changed rates will be applicable across all tenures from Tuesday onwards
The domestic currency resumed on a weak note at 67.95 from last Friday's closing level of 67.92
The merger would make SBI a global-sized bank and would be amongst the top 50 lenders in the world
Bandhan Bank will now charge its micro borrowers interest at 18.52% a year, down from 19.90%
With the reduction in benchmark rate, home, car and other loans linked to MCLR would become cheaper
Lending rate cuts will cushion the hit from the demonetisation shock in the second half of 2017
SBI cuts lending rate by 90 bps; PNB, Union Bank follow suit with 70 bps and 65-90 bps respectively
The codes will be generated at a timed interval by a tiny clock and appear near the signature strip
The bank is also looking at improving its branch network
At Ujjivan, insurance companies hold 9.75% stake as on September 30, 201
After the move, its MCLR fell to 7.75% from 8.65%, while 3-yr loan rates will now be 8.15%
Gross NPAs increase to 17.2% from 11% year-on-year
Efforts are on to normalise banking service in the New year as soon as possible, says Modi
The banking sector came almost to a standstill for nearly two months
The quantum of bad loans may cross the 10% mark at the system level in the next financial year
The contribution of MSME sector, including service segment, to the country's GDP is around 40%
The existing three Deputy Governors are S S Mundra, N S Vishwanathan and R Gandhi
The FRBM Panel is likely to submit report by January 13
In a 2015 paper, advocated repealing Banks Nationalisation Act, privatising and shutting some PSBs
This relief applies to dues payable between November 1 and December 31
The RBI had a vacancy for deputy governor after Urjit Patel was promoted to Governor earlier this year
Consider outsourcing the function of operation of payment systems like RTGS, NEFT: Report suggests
One-year return of 8.7%, even after shedding 5% in past month; outperform general benchmarks
The chatbots can help you with transactions such as recharge, bill payment or booking a cab
Currently, it is available on smartphones with Android operating systems, for iOS it'll be launched
Since July last year, Microsoft has been testing 'white space' in Srikakulam in Andhra Pradesh
This, even as PE investments fell 30% to $16 bn in 2016 till date; healthcare, mfg lead exit brigade
Merchants can use a retailers' smartphone to enable digital payments
The loss of income has severely dented the loan repayment ability of small borrowers
Lending cos such as Capital Float and LendingKart are seeing growth from small firms
With this capital raising, the bank's Tier-I Capital Ratio will be at 12%
The plan is to make 100 villages rely less on cash before the system is introduced in urban and metropolitan areas,
Institutes have been organising farmers training camps across the country on cashless transaction
Two persons were arrested by the Crime Branch of the Delhi Police for depositing black money worth Rs 34 crore at a Kotak ...
The group, which has been in India for the past 15 years, plans to open a branch in Mumbai
The bank later rectified the error and asked the customers to ignore the previous message
Deutsche Bank has been imposed fine of Rs 20,000, while others have been fined Rs 10,000 each
Much of money in the form of old notes has flowed into deposits in first 30 days
Customers don't want to face police investigation and banks would rather avoid extra paperwork
Lower yields should translate into good treasury income lending support to profitability
Steps up focus on retail and technology
As PSBs sought higher capital support from the govt & tax incentives for senior citizens parking money in fixed deposits
Earlier this week, ED arrested two Axis Bank managers here and seized 3 kg gold bars
The fresh round will help firm boost its business in affordable housing finance, vehicle finance, agriculture finance and ...
These were done by around 20,000 employees serving in 2,581 branches
Street doesn't attribute much to reports of fraud in a few accounts but the air of uncertainty could weigh on its stock
The Income Tax Department had last week conducted a raid at an Axis Bank branch in Noida
Chennai, Vizag among vulnerable cities on east coast
We plan to grow digitally, which means we will not require salesmen
While the Income Tax Act defines 'insurer' as an Indian insurance company, the section dealing with the exemption of maturity ...
Government of India has sanctioned a Market Intervention Scheme (MIS) for arecanut growers in Karnataka.
The development will ...
The non-life sector is expected to reap a bumper premium harvest of around Rs 18,000 crore from the PMFBY
Currently, banks appoint their own central audit teams
SoftBank is confident of surpassing its stated $10 billion investment commitment in India
As executive director of LIC's pension & group schemes, Sharma pioneered the launch of various prestigious plans
Basel III compliant bonds are issued by banks to raise money to improve and strengthen capital planning to mitigate concerns on ...
A preliminary report is expected in 10 days, final report in three weeks
A consortium led by Andhra Bank has estimated the project cost in phase one at Rs 7,400 crore
The withdrawal limit from banks is Rs 24,000 a week, including a maximum of Rs 2,500 from ATMs per day
If you have deposited Rs 2 lakh since Nov 9 and have Rs 5 lakh in account, restrictions apply
As on September 30, gross NPAs of public sector banks rose to Rs 6,30,323 crore as against Rs 5,50,346 crore by June end
The current funding mix for MFIs includes bank debt, other borrowings and equity, with bank debt being the largest proportion in ...
Apart from SBM, DBS and ABN Amro Bank have also applied to RBI to convert their franchisees to local subsidiaries
Opportunity for banks is substantial if they can successfully address their current stresses and re-invent business model
The bank is offering interest rate of 7.25 per cent per annum on savings accounts
Recently, Axis Bank has suspended 19 of its employees for being involved in money laundering
Looks to strengthen its position in the home loan segment
After agreeing to a deal to sell 3.9% stake in SBI Life Insurance, its JV with BNP Cardiff
Employees of rural cooperative banks agree that technological backwardness, political intervention add to woes of the sector
Banks are even holding back on sanctioned lines of credit to micro finance institutions
Axis Bank said it is cooperating with the agency
SBI Life becomes the most valued private life insurer; deal to also boost bank stock
The year-on-year growth in credit was just 6.6%, down from 9.3% a year ago
The maximum numbers of complaints were received by public sector banks with 35% of the complaints
At a time, when the govt is urging people to go in for digital transactions in a big way
An investment vehicle affiliated with KKR-managed funds, and an affiliate of Temasek will each purchase 1.95 crore shares from
In the same period the deposits rose 15.9 per cent
Paytm on Thursday announced the launch ofits new 'App Password' feature on its Android mobile app that will enable Paytm users to ...
He also adds that demonetisation will help the insurance space in the long and medium term
The move resonates with the Central government's plan to link all bank transactions with Aadhaar card
As a result of demonetisation, bankers believe there could be some pressure on asset quality, especially accounts
Reversal of 100% CRR on deposits and steady flow of money into low cost deposits expected to push interest rates down
The new SFB is expected to start operating by mid-February 2017
The latest data suggests that a very large proportion of the denotified currency will be deposited back into the banking system
Arundhati Bhattacharya says the regulator should seek House nod for such a relief
Analysts say banks might not cut rates in a hurry and could post weak results in FY17 2nd half
SBI will provide multiple payment options to simplify transactions, while India Post will help improve shipping
Being implemented in phases since April 1, 2013, Basel-III norms are likely to be fully in place in India by March 2019
In a bid to speed up small value online transactions, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday relaxed norms for additional ...
Through the extensive network of Ola cabs present across the state, we are able to bring these mobile ATMs closer to citizens, ...
While the govt and RBI say there has been some improvement in supply for currency notes in the system, the ground reality is ...
The new fund offer will open on Dec 12 and close on Dec 26 and will reopen for continuous sale and repurchase from Jan 2
Firm is working with entities specialising in digital payment and provide operation-as-a-service to small finance banks
The government has been taking a slew of measures to promote digital transactions
By all accounts, there has been a sharp increase in population that is now directly banked
Ten out of 12 experts polled say central bank will cut rate to cushion note ban blow; others say Fed rate hike might make it push ...
A single UPI platform is being developed for all banks as against the existing system of individual platform
The currency presses are working overtime to produce an year's output in just 5 months
Relief for banks as they can park surplus liquidity and earn interest
Six other public sector banks have been transferred to check corrupt practices
The move comes as Reliance Infrastructure's billionaire owner Anil Ambani plans to sell stake in the Mumbai power business and ...
Showing the initial impact of demonitisation, bank credit shrunk by Rs 59,000 crore to Rs 735 lakh crore in the fortnight ended ...
Talking about the demonestisation drive of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 bank notes that it would be difficult to gauge how much currency ...
Research suggests that 'distributed guessing attack' circumvents all security features meant to tackle online fraud
New regime on loans to one party; to kick in by Apr 2019
The forex market saw an acute dollar shortage and negative forward premium in November
Sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a single counter-party must not be higher than 20% of the bank's available eligible ...
Insurers cannot invest in AT1 bonds of their promoter group bank or where the bank is their corporate agent
RBI says that people should rely on information provided on its website
RBI allows a bank to lend up to 15% of its capital funds to a single borrower and 40% to a grou
Early withdrawals in November, shift to e-payments reduces load; servicing rural areas remains a challenge
However, except large insurers like LIC, other insurers might not be active members in the JLF
Facility will be available for non-HDFC Bank customers as well
The proposed Rs 1,000 crore investment will allow CSB to increase its assets 10 times
According to experts the move is likely to result into over Rs 3 trillion outflow from the banks
Reserve Bank should increase the supply of notes to meet increasing demand for money, says bank unions
Bank said it is a drive towards cashless loan disbursements, which otherwise is dominated by physical cash
In a falling interest rate scenario, insurers may lower future bonuses on participating products
SBI was asked to pay Rs 26,000 after it failed to produce a video footage of the complainant making the transaction
In August, the board of SBI cleared the merger of Bharatiya Mahila Bank and that of five associate lenders with itself
Branch networks will give preference to pensioners and labourers for withdrawing money
The industry had 685 products as on October end 2016 compared to 610 products last year during the same time period
It signifies an increase of Rs 79,977 crore in NPAs in 2nd quarter over the first one, says Santosh Kumar Gangwar Minister of ...
As on September 30, gross NPAs of public sector banks rose to Rs 6,30,323 crore as against Rs 5,50,346 crore by June end
The Monetary Policy Committee headed by RBI Governor Urjit Patel last month cut benchmark interest rates by 0.25 per cent to
The decision is aimed at increasing valid currency notes circulation to mitigate cash crunch
Reserve Bank of India notification is aimed at encouraging people to deposit money in their bank accounts
Scrambling to manage liquidity, lenders want compensation to tide over the crisis
The rationale behind this exercise is to reduce duplication of work
One of the factors that led to the rate cut was huge deposit mobilisation after demonetisation
Public sector banks have outperformed private ones in enrolments
To create a digital ecosystem for the transaction and commercial activities in the far-flung areas of the country
The new SFB will be named as 'Utkarsh Small Finance Bank Ltd' and is likely to start banking operations in early 2017
Banks around the globe are gearing up to implement IFRS 9 from January 2018, posing a particular challenge for many Islamic ...
With pay day knocking at the door, banks are preparing themselves to face the huge rush
Move to provide banks the liquidity to meet the new CRR requirement announced this weekend
About Rs 3.5 lakh cr came into bank coffers as deposits between Sept 16, 2016, and Nov 11, 2016
SBI got Rs 1.93 lakh cr from November 10-25 in cash deposits
This initiative is in line with the bank's commitment to extending banking services to remote locations of the country
Currently, a person can withdraw up to Rs 24,000 in a week
It also acquires Rupay cards of the National Payment Corporation of India
French reinsurer Scor Group said it will establish a branch office as soon as it receives R3 authorisation
With the merger of all the five associates and BMB, SBI will become a global-sized bank
The order of the Commission came on a plea by Ramesh Ranchordas Joshi
The rupee closed at 68.47 a dollar, from its previous close of 68.75 as the central bank intervened at multiple points
Bank claims of following due procedure
While bank deposits rose Rs 1.31 trillion to Rs 101.15 trillion in the two weeks to November 11
He adds they have a long way to go in offering digital services such as the Internet or mobile banking
The funds raised will help the bank meet global risk norms, Basel III, which will kick in from March 2019
The highest NPAs, of over 15 per cent, are in leather, textile and steel industries
While one will be able to buy insurance quickly, it will only sell products with limited sum assured
After Indore-Patna Express accident, rail ministry examining proposal to make passenger insurance mandatory
West Bengal has the third highest number of Jan-Dhan accounts among all states, next to Uttar Pradesh and Bihar
Earlier, when the news of the data theft came to light, Hitachi had denied that its systems were compromised
In its report, the magazine said that under Puri, the bank posted a net profit of $1.9 billion last year
The amount has been deposited during the last 15 days after demonetisation of high denomination notes
SBI has total domestic deposits of Rs 17.68 lakh cr and bulk deposits account for 8% or Rs 1.4 lakh cr
Aviva India is a life insurance joint venture between the UK's Aviva Plc and the Dabur group
The committee will look into laying down the procedure and modus operandi for order of preference for cessions in respect of all ...
The reduction in deposit rate by the country's largest lender may be precursor to a lending rate cut
Shaktikanta Das said the Nabard will disburse the money to farm cooperatives for onward payments to farmers
Begins pilot in Rajasthan; customer's Airtel mobile number to be his or her bank account number
Transactions through UPI were not picking up as daily transactions through the platform stood at a moderate figure of 10,000
Project has one of the largest installed capacities among projects with similar design in China
Offers higher loan to value, flexi repayment
District central co-operative banks are dealing with over Rs 6 lakh crore towards working capital in the country
Gangwar says NITI Aayog has not moved any proposal to create a bad bank to hold the stresses and non-productive assets and loan ...
SBI has informed that it has blocked about 6 lakh cards, MoS for Finance Santosh Kumar Gangwar said
Given the mixed impact, India's banking sector could remain constrained by the 'under-capitalisation' of state-owned banks
Between Nov 10 and 18, withdrawals stood at Rs 1,03,316 cr and deposits at Rs 5,11,565 cr
The teams will assess the availability of currency in the network of bank branches, ATMs and post offices
On November 8, 2016 the government had withdrawn legal tender status for old 500, and Rs 1,000 currency notes.
This relief applies to dues payable between November 1, 2016, and December 31, 2016
Almost all of the proposed small finance banks are expected to be launched in the next quarter
The money can be withdrawn only from credit balance as on Nov 8 i.e the day demonetisation was announced
Brokerage said there will be an impact on consumer goods and discretionary spending for at least 2 quarters, which will impact ...
He said the capital released can be deployed for other productive lending which could help in credit expansion
The banks also disbursed Rs 1,03,316 crore over the counter and via ATMs between Nov 10 to Nov 18
While the government is trying to curb the menace of black money, India continues to grapple with fake currency coins/notes
This would make it harder for criminals to misuse customers' accounts by 'protecting them from card skimming'
When you start using digital payment options, your household budget is likely to shoot up
Centre and RBI want to ensure financial inclusion of those who remain excluded due to religious reasons
The public lender has reduced interest rates in select maturities by 10-25 basis points on term deposits
Foreign currency assets, a major component of overall reserves, dipped $1.155 billion to $342.772 billion
The problem of currency accumulation is acuter in smaller and rural branches, which are running short of staffs
There are 1,579 cooperative banks across the country and they have 10,000 branches and close to 3,000 ATMs
Visitors were given tokens of various values against electronic payments made, which they could use to buy vegetables
To recover loans from such defaulters, banks have filed 1,724 FIRs with a total outstanding of Rs 21,509 crore in FY16
Becomes the first bank in Kerala to be given approval since independence
Currently he is the Chief Executive Officer of the Association of Mutual Funds in lndia
NCDs cannot be converted into stock and usually offer higher interest rates than convertible debentures
Largest private lender ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank cut their deposit rates by up to 0.25 per cent while Kolkata-based United Bank of ...
Bankers said rates are expected to reduce by up to 50 bps over the next few months
Step was first announced in the Union Budget 2016-17
RBI data for August said there were 1.46 million PoS machines, compared to 712.46  million debit cards in circulation
Robust performance to continue due to Casa windfall, loan growth and rural growth
BEFI said banks had no idea where from they would collect indelible ink or who would supply it
Chanda Kochhar said ICICI has been the first bank to provide currency notes of Rs 2,000, Rs 500 and Rs 100 simultaneously at its ...
Lowering deposit rates may herald reduction in lending rate as well in the next few days
According to the magazine, HDFC bank delivered $1.9 billion profits under Puri last year
Fixed deposit investors, beware.
Government's decision to replace Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 notes them with new currency notes may ...
AXIS Bank reduces MCLR lending rate by up to 20 basis points
A PIL stated that the levy of such a surcharge is discriminatory in nature and promotes the circulation of black money
Renewal premium of policies, where grace period ends between November 9 and 30, can now be paid without penal interest if payment ...
This wallet once downloaded will host a virtual prepaid card that customers can use for cashless transactions
Renewal Premium grew by 26% to touch Rs 3,715 crore, against Rs 2,496 crore last year
It has recently figured in the RBI list of top 10 banks that have received highest deposits post demonitisation
Delhi HC asked Centre and RBI to file replies on a PIL for framing of guidelines to prevent charging of surcharge on transactions ...
Since losses in motor insurance have continued to rise, non-life insurers sought relief from ministry
Public sector bank executives said the fall in addition was small but reflected gradual changes due to a slew of steps to control ...
Every hard step has some pain, which explains the current scenario, says K V Kamath
Bandhan Bank is still a leading micro-finance institution and most of its business is through micro-lending and collection
Demonetisation will take a toll on the Public Distribution System, says P Balakrishnan, general secretary, All India cooperative ...
Over the last 7 days, the bank saw a 100 per cent jump in usage of debit cards and over 40 per cent in credit cards
With the conversions, the PMJDY accounts are likely to see a surge in deposits as the small accounts come with limits on deposits ...
Five ATMs of the bank have been re-calibrated to dispense the larger denomination notes
Are you tired of waiting in endless queues at ATMs?
Micro ATM may be able to come to your rescue.
Demonetisation had led to increased detection of illegal money-pooling schemes, says tax official
Overall, around 25 per cent of the deposits in chit funds are in cash.
In rural areas, the proportion could be as high as 50 per ...
Overall national growth in card usage was 60%, with majority skewed towards debit card usage
Cash management companies reported filling up ATMs had been affected because bank staff were under pressure at branches
Currency circulation in India as a percentage of GDP is 12%, versus Japan's high of 20%
As money flows back to banks, their deposits are expected to rise sharply
This waiver has been made with effect from November 11 till December 31
To alleviate pain of the customers standing in long queues, RBI also announced a number of measures for banks to follow
RBI should also immediately ensure adequate supply of cash in denominations of Rs 100 and new Rs 500 notes
The second bankruptcy comes as the retailer struggles to overcome years of losses and rising online competition
The panel will provide direction and guidance for recalibrating ATM machines to dispense the new notes
All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) today asked the IBA to provide additional infrastructure like more terminals to be ...
The Indian government's demonetisation move, as well as the outcome of the US Presidential elections, have taken them by surprise
Acharya will play a vital role in capturing market share on a global scale and build stable CASA deposits
The weekly limit of Rs 20,000 for withdrawal from bank accounts has been increased to Rs 24,000. The limit of Rs 10,000 per day ...
In a circular on Sunday it asked banks to submit the data in a specific format in contrast to lenders sending it fortnightly
Interviews were held in New Delhi for the chairman and managing director posts at Oriental Insurance, United India Insurance and ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank received Rs 2,500 crore as cash deposits.
Of this, Rs 1,300 crore came from rural and semi-urban areas
Bank raises forecast for deposit growth; provisions for bad loans almost doubled from a year earlier to Rs 767 cr
NPAs and provisioning requirement for banks to come down
Lower lending rates have long been seen as a needed boost to India's economy, which grew at a 15-month low in the April-June ...
While deposits rose 9.8%, according to Reserve Bank of India's weekly statistical supplement
During the quarter, gross NPAs)more than doubled to 11.35% as against 5.56% in the same period of previous fiscal
It said after ATMs are functional, people will be able to withdraw up to Rs 2,000 per card per day up to Nov 18
Gross NPA grew to 21.77% compared to 11% during same quarter of last financial year
Banks still haven't got the new set of Rs 500 notes as customers were given a mix of Rs 2,000 and Rs 100 notes
Public sector lender reported a net profit of Rs 126.84 crore in the second quarter ended September 30
It has given lenders additional time up to 180 days for hammering out a restructuring package under the scheme
Bank also said it would allow participants to reflect the market value of collateral securities when utilising the central bank's ...
It formed a separate company for housing finance operations and built a loan portfolio of Rs 150 crore so far
FM Arun Jaitley has assured small depositors that the I-T department will not hound them for depositing Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes
The report defines HNWI as people with a net investable wealth of $1 mn or more, excluding the property that is their main ...
Officials said that the bank will open its branches for extended hours to meet the rush for exchange of notes
The profit after four quarters is aided by sale of its 18% stake in Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance to LIC
Those without adequate cash in lower denominations like Rs 50 and Rs 100 may have their policy lapsed if the 15-day grace period ...
The bank plans to deploy around 25 robots in its branches by end of this year
HFCs and banks expect a drop in demand for housing loans in the short-term
There has been a surge in donations to temples immediately after the announcement, says govt official
Bankers have also been advised not to take additional leaves for the next one month
Vijay Shekhar Sharma, head of Paytm, says they'd achieve their 500-million user target by 2018, two years before the earlier aim
RBI is being requested of the grace period so that the daily operations of MFIs can be sustained
The life insurer in question, Irdai says, shall be responsible for the conduct of the PoSP
Even as the volume in the currencies market was less, the dealing rooms of banks were buzzing with activity
The secondary market where cash component is high would be negatively impacted first
Penalty for unaccounted income could range from 50% to 200% of evaded tax
The bank saw advances grow 12.85% to Rs 36,611 crore and deposits by 8.64% to Rs 53,096 crore
Either the branch manager relaxes norms to let in deposits of above Rs 50,000 in high currency notes or eases up on the norms for ...
Branches to remain open on Saturday and Sunday
Board deferred plans to raise funds
The gross NPA of the bank in the last quarter stood at 16.51%, against 8.51% in the same period last fiscal
The value tendered cannot exceed 5,000 rupees
Anticipating panic and rush at bank counters, the Reserve Bank of India as well as the government has set up control rooms in ...
High denomination notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 will no longer a legal tender
Certain limits have been placed on how much cash can be withdrawn from ATMs and cheques; ATMs to be closed for two days
Banks will remain closed on Wednesday in order to withdraw the existing notes from counters and ATMs
RBI has bought bonds worth Rs 2.1 lakh crore in the past 12 months
Life insurance industry has added 24,183 agents in the period between April 1-September 30 during this financial year
The loan will help Assam enhance capacity and efficiency of its power distribution system and improve electricity service to end ...
Rating agency CRISIL has downgraded ratings for the Jammu and Kashmir Bank's fixed deposits from 'AA' from 'AA-'
The bonds will be issued in domestic and overseas markets to finance infrastructure and affordable housing
The bank posted a net profit of around Rs 43.53 crore in Q2 of FY17, against Rs 61.86 crore in same period last year
Stock up 3%; asset quality of Rs 32,500-cr loans on watch list
Gets R1 licence for onshore reinsurance branch
Stock jumped 5.7% to Rs 139.20 on BSE
United Bank of India has reported a fall of 29.6% in net profit to Rs 43.53 crore for the September quarter
UCO Bank stock jumped 2.6% at Rs 33.60 a piece on BSE
Consumer forum directed Barclays Bank to pay Rs 5,000 as compensation to a customer
Existing borrowers should shift their loans only if rates are more attractive
His comments came at a time when masala bond has come up as an instruments to attract international investment
The tax department will roll out several such initiatives, including expeditious refund in case the mismatch in TDS filing
Urjit Patel was on August 20 named as RBI's governor to succeed Raghuram Rajan
RBI informed Delhi HC that ATM facility was made available with a view to reduce cash usage and increase electronic transactions
Reserve Bank of India also initiated forensic audit to investigate the entire matter
These companies are non-performing accounts (NPA) for the bank
For five years tenor, the new rate will be 9.45 per cent (9.55 per cent earlier); for three years and one year tenors it will be ...
Provisions for bad loans increased 34.6 per cent to Rs 2,533.76 crore from Rs 1,882.08 crore in the year-ago period
Net borrowing in these NBFCs rose to Rs 74,000 crore from a mere Rs 3,600 crore in the previous 12 months
PNB Q2 net down 11.5% at Rs 549 cr; Bank of Maharashtra, Dena Bank post losses
Rise in bad loan provisions seens as prime reason for weak performance
Allahabad Bank, Union Bank report decline in net profit due to increase in provision for bad loans
At present, apart from the 14% service tax, Krishi Kalyan cess & Swachh Bharat cess are also applicable, taking the total ...
While industry demand of 5% slab may be denied, unlikely govt will impose 18% as insurance is a protection/savings product
Bank's gross NPA up as much as 139% to Rs 19,095 crore, though there was a marginal improvement over Q1FY17
The RBI said, rupee bond route will open an additional avenue to raise funds for banks
Competition heats up in the home loan business, with lenders reducing lending rates
Home loans up to Rs 75 lakh for women borrowers will now attract an interest of 9.15% and for others it will be 9.20%
The banks have waived off all processing fees for loans during festive season ending December 31, 2016
The system liquidity was again drying up fast in October but the central bank quickly stepped in to buy bonds from banks
The bank is talking to two entities for an arrangement that goes beyond haircuts and provisioning
PE investment in office segment stood at Rs 6,182 crore in the first three quarters of the 2016
SBI home loan would be available at 9.15% while women borrower will get at 9.10%
Stock market watchdog Sebi was at the receiving end of social media flak on Tuesday
The Central Provident Fund Commissioner (CPFC) informed the minister that on Prime Ministers' directions, EPFO has issued ...
Parent infuse Rs 2,400 crore in SBP to meet CAR norms
The new rates will be effective from November 1
Heavy provisioning forces bank to post its first ever loss since inception in 1941 or since 1956 when it was taken over by RBI
Officials have identified that about Rs 42,000 crore is now lying in 'inoperative accounts' across the country
Based on the reports, the anti-corruption watchdog will recommend whether or not a CBI probe can be ordered
Chawla takes over after incumbent Radha Singh ended her tenure as the bank's director on Saturday
The bank's asset quality will continue to remain under pressure over the next few quarters, CRISIL said
The fund raising is subject to availability of headroom in one or more tranches, Says PNB in a regulatory filing to stock ...
Decision was taken by the Capital Raising Committee of the board of the bank at a meeting held on Saturday
Further softening of interest rates linked to deposit rate cuts, credit uptick
IRFs are also available on dated securities between four years and eight years, and 11-15 years
The new rate will be effective from November 1
On Friday, government-owned New India Assurance became the first insurance company in the IFSC
Public sector Corporation Bank also reduced MCLR rate by 0.05% across the board
Until now, banks couldn't hedge their interest rate risk on active govt bond benchmarks other than 91-day treasury bills
This is the biggest ever net loss reported in a single quarter by the bank in recent history
Outstanding loans fell 2.12 trillion rupees ($31.68 billion) to 73.62 trillion rupees in the two weeks to Oct 14
The bench of Ranjan Gogoi and Abhay Manohar Sapre found no grounds to interfere with the orders and imposed costs
A Europe-like cyber security defence alliance is the need of the hour, say banking technology experts
IT services and software will both be the fastest growing segments at 12.6 per cent in 2017
For now, even as there is ample demand for big-ticket loans, banks are hesitant to open up their purses
Six leading bankers say retail and SME loans will continue to thrive and working capital loan demand is making a comeback
Data from RBI shows,the money by the Indian companies was raised through external commercial borrowings and RBDs route
Last date to register application and pay examination fee online is October 31, 2016.
Last date for receipt of hard copy of ...
Gross NPA rose to Rs 902.74 crore during the quarter as compared to Rs 732.04 crore posted same quarter last year
Topics of the discussion included the recent data breach, regulating payments banks and the Unified Payments Interface
Lall added that existing banks should be able to transfer bad loans to the bad bank at valuations they want
Several of the bank's processes are undergoing a technological transformation, said.
Speaking at the Business Standard Banking Round Table, Sharma also said credit growth to the corporate sector has been relatively ...
The finest minds in Indian banking have come together to share their thoughts on the sector and the economy
In Q2, with loans turning into non-performing assets jumping to Rs 7,288 crore, concerns increase significantly
LIC's stake in the state-run construction firm has gone up to 8.11% following its participation in NBCC
While some of the countrys premier banks are busy blocking debit cards that have been compromised (the numbers run into millions) ...
As a result of higher NPAs, the lender also saw some pressure on net interest income and net interest margins
In regulatory filing, bank says, it is in nature of debentures of face value Rs 10 lakh each
HDFC Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank and Federal Bank report healthy bottom line growth in September quarter
Stake has been increased to the maximum limit allowed under FDI regulations
Net interest income stood at Rs 509.9 crore, slightly down from Rs 515.2 crore in first quarter of FY17
Gadkari brings with him more than 20 years of experience with his last assignment as the Partner at IDFC Private Equity
The company is seeking to raise Rs 3,000 crore through the IPO
Net interest margin for the quarter stood at 4.2 per cent
Observing that if people file an RTI query, they must know who the defaulters are, the bench asked the Reserve Bank of India ...
The RBI held a meeting with senior officials from select banks, the National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) and card network ...
Data of about 3.2 million cards have been compromised
Gross NPA of PSBs has surged from 5.43% in 2014-15 to 9.32% in 2015-16
Arun Jaitley has launched the service.
Central Board of Direct Taxes or CBDT will soon offer this facility on a monthly basis
The company is expected to invest around Rs 120 crore in branch infrastructure, says Equitas MD
Bank algorithms tracking social media profiles to assess creditworthiness of potential borrowers
The bank's networth stood at Rs 1,960 crore
With debit cards of 5 banks compromised, time to be very cautious while transacting.
If possible, avoid non-bank ATMs
With cyber criminals becoming savvier by the day, learning how to safeguard yourself is imperative
Just five sectors contribute 61% of the banking sector's stressed assets - infra, steel, textiles, power, and telecom
The outlook for rupee has improved, amid better domestic macro fundamentals and strong capital flows.
Global economic challenges ...
FRDA Chairman reiterated that bringing about tax parity between the NPS and the EPF scheme would provide a boost to the ...
With the Essar deal coming, the banks are prioritising the resolution process by focussing on helping in sale of businesses by ...
he issue price of the Sovereign Gold Bond for this tranche has been fixed at Rs 2,957 per gram of gold
Report to give lead as to where the hacking took place
The security breach happened through a malware in the systems of Hitachi Payments Services, which serves ATM network of Yes Bank ...
Insurers to carry out elaborate checks to eliminate potentially fraudulent persons at the entry level itself
Key developments on arguably the biggest security breach faced by the Indian banking industry
Concern highlights the fact that, unlike previous ATM frauds, current one might have far more serious repercussions and systemic ...
The PSBs are on a spree to strengthen their tier-I capital as a required to be fully compliant with Basel -III norms by March
SBI said it is aiming to replace around six lakh debit cards within two weeks
It is following the biggest security breach in the Indian banking industry that affected over 32 lakh card holders
32 lakh debit cards are feared to have been 'compromised' by a cyber malware attack infecting some ATM systems
641 customers of 19 banks identified as victims so far; banks issue advisory to customers
HSBC is among the top five issuers of P-notes in India with a market share of more than 6 per cent at the end of last financial ...
HSBC plans to wind down its P-notes business, FirstRand Bank to shut retail operations
The surveyor attributed the reason for loss to vagaries of weather and not to fire in the vessel
Such foreign investment shall be subject to conditionalities, including minimum capitalisation norms
Last month, the private sector lender had to abort its $1 billion fundraising plan via QIP
However, net NPA of the bank rose to 0.29% from 0.20% on a year-on-year basis
The players on whom the fine has been levied will have to disclose it on their website and in their annual financial statements
Over 3.2 million debit cards are said to be compromised due to virus/malware in switch provider system at Hitachi
On an average, SBI requires at least 13,000 staff (new hires) on account of retirement every year
It said these amendments are made to rationalise the investment regime for FVCIs, give a fillip to foreign investment
The security breach in debit cards has resulted in banks as well as card players to spruce up efforts to investigate the matter.
RBI has tightened its noose around cyber fraud and security breach in the banking system
Bankers said the problem was first discovered between May and July.
Union Bank already has a life insurance joint venture with Dai-ichi Life and Bank of India
The steps taken by the bankers include asking customers to change the PINs of their ATM-cum-debit cards, which has now gone up ...
Three financial institutions, including the BSE, have faced cyber attacks in the past three months
This is the second time in recent months that the bank is looking to raise funds through this route
Experts expect companies focused on smaller cities to benefit more, as housing sector growth in the big ones is slowing
Meeting scheduled for Oct 24
StanChart that had lent $2.5 billion dollar to the Essar group will see its stressed asset problem come down significantly
Asset sales, turnaround of stressed companies to boost banks' balance sheets
Indian companies have raised $2.9 billion through IPOs in the first nine months of this year
Moody's says that having a comprehensive framework in place for stressed financial firms is an important step
Sheth Developers had received an investment of Rs 30 crore from the fund in Aug 2014
Fullerton also plans to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through debentures and subordinated debt from domestic market
Incentives have continued despite IRDAI issuing norms that solvency levels for segments like health be high
Total  income up 19%; sharp rise in NPA due to slippage, bill discounting fraud
Even as Q2 earnings appear promising, experts believe high valuations post the recent rally limits the risk-reward for NBFC
In August, Irdai surprised the 55 life and non-life insurance companies in India, when it issued a discussion paper on the need ...
According to the survey, only 11% of the polled people have ever obtained their credit reports from any credit bureau
He said that it will help the system tide over troubles and also ease pressure on growth capital
The OC has been created to ensure that the entire exercise of NPA resolution is carried out in a transparent and prudent manner
The largest state-owned non-life insurer New India Assurance alone is looking at a figure of Rs 15 crore
IMF is an entity registered by the IRDAI to solicit or procure insurance products
Insurers using data analytics to identify client profiles and behaviours, to cross sell and identify more products
On Friday, another state-owned lender Canara Bank informed stock exchanges that it will raise up to Rs 2,500 crore
Payment bank licensee is awaiting RBI approval of its tie-up with Bharat Petroleum Corp, which has 21% stake in Fino Paytech
The corporation has raised a total of Rs 5,000 cr through issuance of rupee-denominated bonds in four tranches
Expects to conclude deal in FY17
Interest rates on a normal savings account have remained constant under the NDA government at 4 per cent
Vinod Rai says banks not doing enough to clean up the NPA mess
NDB, more popularly known as the BRICS Bank, had earlier issued its first bonds to raise funds internationally for clean energy ...
Banks' retail loans have in fact seen their performance improve over the past five years
In July this year, in the first-ever masala bond issue, HDFC had raised Rs 3,000 cr through rupee-denominated bonds
Blockchain allows one to change the age old process of maintaining a ledger that can be accessed only by one party
Continued losses erase revenue reserves
Net profit in the second quarter rose to Rs 704.26 crore from Rs 560.04 crore in the corresponding quarter last year
The cut in MCLR will benefit the borrowers as this will reduce the cost of funds
They are increasingly usingg data analytics to identify client profiles & behaviour, to cross-sell and identify more products ...
The usage of blockchain technology simplifies the process and makes it almost instant-to only a few minutes
The bank, on August 24, 2006, had issued 7.25 per cent perpetual non-cumulative subordinated debt securities
The bank's share price has almost halved this year, prompting speculation that it could lose some of its top investment bankers
This is part of RBI's efforts to improve risk management, contain delays and reduce risks for projects becoming bad loans
While many deals have already been signed, industry experts say more partnerships are in the offing
The two largest public sector banks based in India's financial capital are Bank of Baroda and Bank of India
Life insurers given time till October 18 to withdraw existing indemnity plans; Irdai had banned these products
FINMA ordered Falcon to turn over 2.5 million Swiss francs in what it said were illegal profits
Bank said it will offer loans to these segments without any processing or upfront fee and no documentation charges will be levied ...
Gets shareholders nod for Rs 1,000-crore capital-raising plan
The fund will be deployed for lending to the micro, small and medium enterprises
While general insurance companies in India have been posting net profits, they have seen a worsening condition as far as ...
PSBs accounted for about Rs 8.10 lakh crore of the total stressed loans as of June
India remains a key market for Standard Chartered Bank, says Sanjeev Paul
He said the industry is passing through very tough times due to the economic slowdown as well as the prevailing political ...
Bank says out of the 1.75% rate cut by the RBI since January 2015, it has already passed on up to 0.95% to the borrowers
Officials hope RBI will help in boosting credit flow to support growth
Sources from the company said that the issue is related to a Rs 6 crore loan taken by Coimbatore-based Divya Agency
The outstanding amount of MLF was 1.91 trillion yuan at the end of last month
Bank says most of the work on recoveries is happening on the field, covering SME and retail sectors
UCO Bank said that it would sell 71.7 million shares to LIC on a preferential basis, which could fetch about Rs 270 crore to the ...
It noted that RBI's tough stance on the cleanup of balance sheets by next March would weigh on banks' asset quality
OBC, United Bank reduce marginal cost of funds based lending rate a few days after RBI cuts repo rate by 0.25 per cent
Small finance banks to also benefit from interim relaxation in norms
However, the minimum capital requirement for these banks have been kept higher at 15% as compared to the scheduled commercial ...
A key official argued that constitution of a new institution to deal with stressed assets would only delay the resolution of bad ...
P2P lending players have been so far focused on unsecured credit
It is likely a large share of slippages in this quarter will emerge from the restructured loan portfolio, led by the ...
While your insurer will help you open an e-insurance account at the time of buying a policy, existing policyholders must do so ...
This, two days after RBI cut the repo rate by 25 basis points
Nanda Dave wondered whether a "conduit" is being provided by not having the details of the end use of funds
The issue will open on October 13 with a tenor ending on October 12, 2018
On Tuesday, RBI lowered the repo rate or the rate at which it lends to banks by 0.25 per cent
Currently, insurance companies, including LIC, holds 12.02 per cent stake in the bank
The idea, which was mooted earlier, had been shot down by former RBI governor Raguram Rajan
Move is in line with steps announced by the government recently
According to the Ind-Ra report, early signs of stress are already visible and especially amongst the NBFCs
The RBI changed its stance on the neutral real rate and the timeframe for achieving the 4% inflation target, creating room for ...
Sets up tech hub in India
Sterling dropped to its weakest since 1985, hit by a growing sense that the UK might be heading for a 'hard' Brexit
Its one-year MCLR now stands at 9.05%
Owing to the large amount of NPA in the corporate sector banks are wary of lending to certain sectors
The apex bank has been increasingly focusing on tackling cyber crime at a time, when digital transactions have been on a rise
Urjit Patel told this following the announcement of RBI's first bi-monthly monetary policy review
To invest about Rs 5,000 crore over four years in stressed assets and specialised corporate credit in India
Utkarsh Microfinance is one of the 10 players that were granted an in-principle approval last year for small finance banks
The move was aimed at providing comfort to the apprehensive employees of SBI's five associate banks before the merger
During bank nationalisation, the Rangoon branch of Bank of Bengal was taken over by the Peoples' Bank No 8 of Burma in February ...
Loan approval will be done within 30 minutes, and to begin with, loans or EMIs up to Rs 50,000 will be available for MobiKwik ...
This year, it disbursed Rs 1,32,954.73 crore under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana
The purpose of this measures are to limit the dominance of the major lenders
With this the bank will be equipped to handle 37-million customer enquiries and 400 million e-mails a month
Arundhati Bhattacharya gets one-year extension amid consolidation with associate banks
She took over as first woman to head country's largest bank, with which she has had a 36-year association, on October 7, 2013
As part of capital infusion into the public sector lender, the government's stake in IOB would increase by more than 5%
The move to sell off the German giant's stock, which affected shares traded in Frankfurt, New York also helped drag down the US ...
The bank plans to use Aadhaar e-KYC to open accounts, use hand held devices for verification; have mobile ATM services
R Subramania Kumar moved to IOB on September 29 to avert a crisis as it would have become a leaderless organisation
This acquisition will allow Kotak to tap the lower end of the customer base
The decision is to support the decision of GoI to adequately capitalise the Bank to comply with Basel III norms
Deutsche shares fell almost 8% to another record low, adding to the sense of crisis around the bank triggered by a $14 billion
Wants to appoint non-official directors
Threats from IS militants, the Syrian conflict and the migrant crisis in Europe are some of the recent risks that have companies ...
The MPC has been tasked with deciding benchmark interest rates, something which the RBI governor used to decide till now
Chided banks for publishing photos of defaulters & guarantors in newspapers even as they may or may not be categorised as ...
Asks them to ensure speedy sanctioning and disbursal of loans within specified time limits
According to the borrowing calendar released by RBI on its website, the borrowing will be done through bonds maturing mostly ...
In the last few months, the bank has aggressively turned its focus on retail
Rich valuations could cap upside for the IDFC Bank stock in the near term.
But an approval to merge IDFC into the bank will aid ...
However, shares of the bank traded 3.15 per cent down at Rs 1,228.50 on BSE
Shares of the bank were trading 0.52 per cent lower at Rs 134.60 on BSE
Government is yet to announce if SBI will get new Chairman or Arundhati Bhattacharya, wil get an extension at end if this month
Deutsche is facing a $14 billion fine from the US Department of Justice and concerns over its funding pushed its shares to a ...
The settlement with RBS brings the US regulator's recoveries against various banks to $4.3 billion in lawsuits
The bank agreed to pay $190 million earlier this month to settle regulatory charges
Corporate bond market needs to be developed to finance the capital needed for huge amount
Even though lenders have been witnessing credit demand from the retail segment, it is the corporate lending that has remained ...
This has dropped to 23,150 this financial year (April 1-September 26 period), according to data from the Jan Suraksha website
This is FMO's first investment in a green bond issued by a bank in India
These recommendations are based on interactions held by the Banks Board Bureau with eligible candidates
In less than a year, it has left several of its peers behind
Estimates for the OMO vary between Rs 50,000 crore
and Rs 1,50,000 crore.
So far the central bank has already done OMO purchases ...
This is being offered to look into the driving habits and incentivise customers
Lower inflation, FCNR(B) outflows likely to influence central bank decision
Valuations of the proposed SFB have gone up by almost 50-60% in the past year
This form of device-based insurance uses GPS to measure how much a car runs and the speed that it is run at
It verifies a caller's identity through natural conversation by analysing over 100 characteristics including spped, accent, ...
UPI builds on the Immediate Payment Service, which is used by banks for real-time transfer of cash
It already raised $1 billion in July from overseas market to support Indian exports and overseas investment
According to RBI guidelines, it is mandatory for customers to periodically update their KYC details with their banks
Life insurers are now focused on need-based selling across all products
This will include embedded value, details on policies, value of new business and their maturity apart from financial information
The apex court passed the judgement on a PIL filed by NGO Centre for seeking an independent probe
Last date for online registration is September 30, 2016
The tie-up is for providing health and general insurance to Andhra Bank's customers
This is part of the government's plan to infuse Rs 5,050 crore in public sector banks
At present, much of their loan recovery happens in written-off accounts
The amount realised through the fifth tranche of the SGB scheme is expected to cross Rs 820 cr
Ahead of the announcement, Bharat Financial Inclusion shares closed 4.3% higher at 812.30 rupees
The applicant is expected to have a minimum of 15 years of experience in financial services
The Kolkata-based NBFC will focus on tractor finance, housing finance and used vehicle loans to fuel its growth
It said that a total of 67,000 bonds were issued with face value of Rs 10 lakh each
The private life insurer, has taken part in some of the recent RFPs floated by banks such as IOB towards this end
Bank is now faced with the task of reducing a large chunk of government shareholding
Contraction due to lower trade deficit; balance of payments stays positive
For the first time a domestic lender has come up with such facility where a customer can open a bank account using its
India's sovereign rating by Moody's stands at 'Baa3', the lowest investment grade, just a notch above 'junk' status
Insurer to ramp up advisors' network to 25,000 from 15,000 at present
The loan includes $500 mn for financing infrastructure and a $125 million component to help policy interventions by the
Banks have rolled out car financing schemes including up to 100% financing, lower interest rates and processing charges
Ahmad was Chief of Staff to the World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim before being elevated to the current position
Stressed assets sale stalled as bidders refused to give such guarantees
Stable system outlook driven by five factors, including operating environment and government support
Scope for two IFSCs in India, says Arundhati Bhattacharya
Issue of Basel III-compliant additional tier 1 bonds (private placement) was opened on September 16, 2016, for one day
The RBI Deputy Governor termed banks depositing money to reduce the number of accounts with zero balances as not a criminal act
The Reserve Bank of India has been opposing the sharing of such granular data with the FDMC, saying it would be a breach of ...
Shares of IFCI were trading 1.96 per cent higher at Rs 28.60 apiece from their previous close on the BSE
Formally launches international banking unit at IFSC
RBI said to have taken note of players' concerns
IRDAI has said that a life insurer cannot offer indemnity-based products in either individual or group segment
Players shelve IPO plans as growth slows down
Bhattacharya's three-year term comes to an end this month
The company is the only listed primary dealer in India and the public share holding in company is 25.93%
Report said the move is credit-positive for NBFCs with a retail focus, especially those which are in the mortgage space
Company will focus on retail customers and not group policies and is looking at covering around 90 lakh people this year
The company is awaiting approval from CDSL
IDBI Bank's fundraising could help bolster its balance sheet
The industry is expecting RBI to create separate category of NBFCs for P2P lending on the lines of NBFC MFIs
Plans to engage customers through games and storage services
Thuthukudi Nadargal Mahamai raises allegations against bank's directors
Plan is available for sale until August 31, 2017
Says funding to shore up PSBs has budgetary constraints
Decision sparked by mounting NPAs; mid-corporate bad loans account for 41% of total NPAs worth Rs 1.02 lakh crore
Indian bond market set for a correction, amid a steady rise in global bond yields
Awaits RBI's monetary policy in October
ACRE, an asset reconstruction company, is engaged in the acquisition of assets (NPAs) from banks/FIs and their resolution
For the final R3 approval, reinsurers will be required to bring in capital to set up a branch after the second state of approval, ...
The fundraising may help the lender bolster its balance sheet and rein in bad debts
Economists say the benefit of a strong rupee outweighs the advantages of a weak currency
The bank has been asked to pay fine over misselling of mortgage-backed securities by the Department of Justice
This would be over and above the grant of Rs 1.30 lakh per person to be provided by the Centre under the PMAY
Few months ago, current chairman S K Roy had written to the government to relieve him of his duties; reason remains unknown
The funding will help it to improve capital adequacy ratio above the regulatory minimum of 9.625%
SBI has 17,000 branches and together with its subsidiaries, the tally will come to nearly 23,000 after merger
He described the NPAs situation as being not static or permanent
There are about 23,000 branches of SBI and its associate banks
Ujjivan is a microfinance lender and it will soon enter into small finance banking
It is to see the progress of various financial inclusion schemes, but also to look at the overall health of the banking system
The bank's US-listed shares fell 8 per cent in after-hours trading
Currency settles down after finance and commerce ministries deny meeting next week
With public sector banks raising Rs 10,000 crore through additional Tier I bonds in the last few weeks, the pressure on the ...
A person booking a train ticket through the IRCTC website will be able to opt for travel insurance cover for a premium of 92 ...
These cards enhance security and risk mitigation in card transactions
RBI said the Mahatma Gandhi Series-2005 will have the inset letter 'R' on both number panels
Company officials said that according to estimates insurance penetration is very low and the situation is much worse for pure
The money was raised from ChrysCapital, Credit Suisse and promoters of Hero Group
It deferred its plans to raise $1 billion, citing extreme volatility in trading due to misinterpretation of new QIP guidelines
5.5% coupon rate to set benchmark for others
The scheme includes a term plan, a personal accident plan and a pension plan
The courses will be designed to introduce the students to functioning of banking industry in India
Fitch Ratings said a successful cross-border AT1 issue by SBI would be a positive development for India's banking system
It said the SBI's issue price would also provide Indian banks with an alternative funding option
Overall bank deposits of SHGs rose by nearly 23.79% to stand at Rs 13,691 crore
Indicative coupon is 5.5%
Dilution will be done to meet the 25 per cent minimum public float
All shareholders of Reliance Capital will receive one free share of Reliance Home Finance for every one share held in Reliance ...
Masala bonds are not simply a way to borrow overseas, buy an attempt to make the tightly-controlled rupee available in global ...
The base issue size is Rs 3,500 crore with an option of retaining an additional Rs 3,500 crore of subscription
Urban cooperative banks and RRBs also come on board
ICICI Bank will bring down its stake in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance to 54% (down from 67.52% as of Sep 7) over three years
The bank will also be diluting over 12% of its stake in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance through IPO
Currently, the service is available for personal loans and car loans
Addition of new banks has increased NPCI's paid up capital to Rs 133 crore from Rs 100 crore
The rating agency previously estimated that India's banks will need $90 billion in new capital to comply with the Basel III ...
Public sector banks are the most at risk
The government in July had announced the first round of capital infusion of Rs 22,915 crore for 13 banks
There's surplus liquidity and RBI, with plentiful forex reserves, is ready to pump whatever extra is needed
Insurers are sending their views through their councils, asking that this be made optional
Equity infusion of Rs 1,000 crore by investors in April 2016 increased net worth to Rs 2,400 crore
The latest norms regarding lending to large corporates make corporate lending more costly, said Arundhati Bhattacharya
The general insurance company has recently completed acquisition of L&T General Insurance
President reminds bankers of their sacred duty to safeguard the money of those who have reposed trust in them
Icra has assigned a rating of AA with a stable outlook to non-convertible debentures worth Rs 7,500 crore and a rating of A1+ ...
The country's forex reserves increased by USD 989.5 million to an all-time high of USD 367.76 billion on the back of a healthy ...
An LODR requirement for prior intimation derailed the year's biggest QIP but the Street also smells pricing issues
The company reported a turnaround for April-June, with net profit of Rs 12.4 crore
Prior to joining IDBI AMC, Mandal was CGM & zonal head of IDBI Bank
Estimate includes micro credit across self-help groups, MFIs and banks
YES Bank has the unfortunate distinction of deferring its proposed institutional private placement of $1 bn after keeping it open ...
The Kolkata-based company is targeting 20% growth in the central state of India in FY17
Decision was taken after receiving complaints of alleged rough behaviour by some of the bank field staff assigned for recovery of ...
Other private banks also planning to employ bots soon
Lot of investors withdrew their applications after the bank's stock fell below the QIP price
State-owned banks with weak profile take up costly long-term interest commitment
Plans to more than double the software robots to over 500 by end of this fiscal
Price band for the shares, to be placed with institutional investors, is Rs 1,350-1,410 each
According to sources, department of investment and public asset management will select up to six banks for managing the sale
A note is being prepared for the listing proposal to be presented before Cabinet
Bank will not focus on niche platforms focused on high-end customers, but on those that bring to it mass and mass-affluent ...
Upon Patel's elevation, the portfolios of the three deputy governors were rejigged
Pune, Ahmedabad readying municipal bonds
Delinquencies in personal loans stood at 0.79% and in home loans it was at 0.46%
The Basel-III-compliant debt instrument would have a coupon (interest rate) of nine per cent payable annually
Funds will be utilised for refinancing existing debt and to grow company's lending business
The unrated issuance was subscribed over two times
Gross non-performing loans of the sector stood at 12.2 per cent at the end of the first quarter of the financial year
However, the bankers will not be considered for managing the sale in these three companies
The finance company will use the proceeds to refinance debt and grow its lending business.
The debt-to-equity ratio remains at a ...
Banks need to reconfirm KYC details only in every 2, 8 or 10 years depending on the risk profile
MFIN report also said that the industry has experienced a growth of 89 per cent since first quarter of the FY 2015-16
He said SBT had played a pioneering role in the state's development in every sphere of productive activity
Value of holding in five auto companies up 32% to Rs 42,000 crore since April
Rising concern over gaps in monitoring of trade payments
It is set to emerge as the dominant player in debit cards issuance
SBI and other large banks' minimum lending rate remains steady at 9.30 per cent since September last year
Patel, who served as the deputy governor since January 2013, took over from Raghuram Rajan, effective September 4
Firms, repositories have to give e-document to customers by October  1; transition will be smooth, they claim
She expressed the hope that the bank will be able to finish the merger process by end of the current financial year if everything ...
Figure stood at nearly Rs 5 lakh crore in the first five months of 2013-14, while it was Rs 3.90 lakh crore in the corresponding ...
Government in July had announced the first round of capital infusion of Rs 22,915 crore for 13 banks
Total event insurance worth Rs 500 crore covers public liability, terrorism, fire, money and personal accident
Bank said, allotment of equity shares to QIBs will be completed within 12 months from the date of the passage of the resolution
It said the Indian economy has been afflicted by a multitude of global shocks in recent years
At the same time, he added, the central bank has to work under a framework set by the government
Beside bringing central banking to India's drawing rooms, Raghuram Rajan also built the RBI's credibility when other global ...
Banks want effective turnaround plan for the stressed sectors and companies which is yet to be seen
This is the first time since July 2009 that a benchmark 10-year bond has been issued at below seven per cent coupon rate
Last week, reserves had increased by a healthy $1.346 billion to touch a record high of $367.169 billion
Bank deposits fell Rs 330.50 billion to Rs 97.26 trillion in the two weeks
mVisa is a card less mobile payment solution that offers customers the convenience of doing digital payments at retail outlets
Allows banks, NBFCs and other financial institutions to buy such assets
The Department of Financial Services secretary added that unless bad loans were resolved, businesses were not going to be ...
The RBI said electronic report should be provided upon request and after due verification about the authenticity of the customer
Foreign banks like Citibank, Barclays and Deutsche Bank want to use postal infrastructure to take their services to the common
Central bank governors proclaim that climate change is the darkest impending risk, comparable to terrorism
Shares of HDFC were trading at Rs 1,414.05 apiece, up 0.56 per cent from its previous close on BSE
Final guidelines expected soon; P2P players may also get access to credit bureau data
The life insurance behemoth is celebrating its diamond jubilee this year
BBPS is the Reserve Bank mandated system which will provide interoperable bill payment services to customers
The bonds will be listed on the London Stock Exchange and pricing and the tenure of the bonds will be intimated in due course
The listing price is a 22 % premium to issue price of Rs 225 a share
Lending to the general commerce sector rose to S$59.7 billion from June's S$56.4 billion
Has received apex bank approval to increase stake beyond 5% to 10% in Kotak Mahindra Bank
Sets coupon at 11.06% in its first AT1 bond issuance, to enhance capital adequacy
Kerala-based private bank to allot preferential shares to 7 investors which includes Reliance Capital, Bennet, Coleman & ...
Islamic or Sharia banking is a finance system based on the principles of not charging interest, which is prohibited under Islam
RBI believes that businesses can get into financial difficulties and genuine business needs should be supported
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has also promised to provide more capital to public sector banks if they require
It is available for download from Google play store, and was launched at the Board of Directors' conclave
Banks has recently become first private bank to closed its IPO
India's growth is below potential: Reserve Bank of India's annual report
To release draft guidelines on wholesale banks, differentiated banks in September
The bank had made a net loss of Rs 2.44 cr in FY15.
The loss brought forward in its balance sheet stood at Rs 34.69 cr
During the corresponding period ended the past year, its balance sheet was at Rs 28,89,152 cr
A panel for IT Examination and Cyber Security initiatives of banks has been set up; IT exams were also initiated in two banks
It is expected to trend towards 5% target by the last quarter of year, although at current juncture, upside risks are prominent
Candidates will be appointed as probationary officers after successful completion of one-year PG Diploma in Banking & Finance ...
So far, RBI followed a gentle glide path, aiming at 5% by March 2017 after bringing it below 6% in Jan 2016, Rajan said
SBI Management has announced that close to 7,000 branches of SBI would be shut or relocated with merger
Twitterati drew minister's attention to issue saying it is for industries to manage their funds and banks can only lend
Government had cancelled the post of the fourth MD, the move came even after it interviewed five EDs for the same a year ago
Going forward, insurers will come up with more digital products and also online segment is growing very fast
To reassess changes in the borrowing pattern of large companies it announced recently
The bank needs capital injections from the govt to support loan growth and capital requirements to meet Basel III norms
Micro housing finance companies provide loans to people who have little documents to get a bank loan
RBI's new framework, related to 'large exposures', proposes to reduce bank exposure to large corporate entities
A customer's multiple bank accounts can be added to a single bank's UPI app
Fitch estimates a capital shortfall of $90 billion over next several years as basel III regulatory requirements build from the ...
In a liquidity-deficit scenario, call money rates can also get influenced by corporates chipping in with their surplus funds
RBI has allowed banks to offer credit enhancement to bonds issued by infrastructure projects that need substantial amounts of ...
Patel, currently a deputy governor at the RBI, will replace Rajan at the helm of the central bank on September 4
They are demanding stringent action against wilful loan defaulters by booking criminal cases against them
Developed by the NPCI, UPI is considered to be a game changer owing to its simplicity
SBI to log on a month later
Banks can raise masala bonds and long-term debt from companies
Banks have to maintain additional provisions and high capital for such exposures
Country's largest lender to sell 1,000 properties
In the case of SBI, the additional common equity works out to be 0.6% of risk weighted assets
RBI has also prescribed certain conditions for such hirings in the notification
The central bank authorises the platform for repo in corporate bonds and encourage credit supply for large borrowers through ...
Besides a strong focus on granular transaction banking, cross sell and various digital banking solutions, Amit would also drive ...
It says that Patel's appointment as the next RBI Governor will lead to policy continuity
Ratings agency ICRA flags risks on public sector banks debt servicing capacity
According to NPCI, UPI application of 19 banks can be downloaded from Google Play Store in next 2-3 working days
Historically, it is seen that a volatile currency market is contagious and transfers the volatility to equity markets
Four foreign banks in fray for mandate
Bats for five-year stint for PSB chief executives
For creating awareness towards their scheme, to resolve customer grievances against deficiency in banking services
Investor and not the issuer bears the risk of rupee-denominated bonds
While gross non-performing assets (NPAs) of the Indian banking system are expected to rise further in this financial year, the ...
Only one executive director to manage affairs for the bank
He was speaking at the first year anniversary of Bandhan Bank's operations
Mundra also said Urjit Patel's appointment as the next governor of RBI will ensure continuity of policy
The rate of interest will range between 1.2-2.4 per cent per month and they will also give cards to non-bank customers
RBL Bank will get around Rs 830 crore from the IPO, which it will use to augment its tier-I capital to help fuel future growth
Citi, JM, Kotak, Morgan Stanley selected as lead bankers
SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya says banks are not in position to compress margins as they have to provide for credit
Last week, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan had warned banks against chasing retail consumers for hawking loans
RBI governor-designate's experience will ensure he 'rises to the occasion'
He said the govt needs to pay vendors on time for services, ensure the projects perform and improve the legal system by upgrading ...
NSE board had already given its nod to list in India and overseas, it would also file a draft prospectus with market regulator to ...
With over Rs 15,000 crore in deposits, its strategy is a hit for now, but the real test will come when it starts lending to ...
She was speaking in response on whether banks are heading towards a possible bubble in consumer financing segment
If lenders agree to the Amin group's proposal it may mean taking a cut of Rs 3,000-3,500 crore
Interview with Managing Director, Bandhan Bank
Credit information companies say data share by payments banks will help analyse borrower behaviour in a better way
As per the amendment to the Competition Act, consolidation in the banking sector space is exempt from the approval of CCI
Sodhi is one of the five independent members to be appointed on the board IPPB, which is set to be operational in March 2017
Mumbai region officials are confident of meeting the target of Rs 2.79 lakh crore by the end of the year
The mergers will dwarf ICICI Bank assets to just one-fourth of SBI; catapult the bank into top 50 banks globally
Says industry and business must pay taxes which is due, repay loans taken from banks for economy to function
Bandhan intends to start the services on a pilot basis in one of its recently opened high net worth individual (HNI, or rich ...
Manappuram Finance on Saturday said it plans to raise Rs 75 crore through secured redeemable non-convertible debentures.
Candidates can check the result on SBI's official website.
The interview call letters for successful candidates should be issued ...
ond traders say in India, where 95% of the bonds are placed privately, the index would hardly serve any purpose
Sources in the bank confirmed CSB chief had resigned last week due to financial performance over the last one year
According to a report by Kotak Institutional Equities, Bajaj Life Insurance, ICICI Prudential Life and SBI Life have delivered ...
Experts have attributed the trim in allocation to banking stocks to mounting bad loans of public sector banks
It is very likely that the bank's IPO will sail through if the pricing is right and promoters leave something on the table for ...
Five associate banks, BMB will merge with SBI by Mar 2017
RBI in May suggested banks should cut lending to highly leveraged companies and force them to tap the bond market route instead
Lender is keeping its instant loans offering for existing customers
Operations to start by September 2017
The only exception could be State Bank of Mysore as its stock could see some correction given the swap ratio for its shareholders
This could spur more buying of the debt by lenders as now banks can only pledge government securities from RBI
Entities are State Bank
of Bikaner and Jaipur, State Bank
of Mysore, State Bank
of Travancore and Bharatiya Mahila Bank.
The bank claimed that it is the first lender in Asia to offer such a product under the label of 'iMobile SmartKeys'
Kerela CM Pinarayi Vijayan will inaugurate the branch in Kochi next week
Around five lakh bank employees and officers in the Banks will join the All India General Strike on  September 2, 2016 to protest ...
The IPO will be open for public subscription on August 19 and close on August 23
Targets Rs 1,000 cr via sale of non-core assets
NBFCs have captured space vacated by lenders ignoring SME segment
State's finance minister Etela Rajender says SBH should retain its identity.
It is a Telangana bank
Long term debt rating covers debt instruments of above one year
It said the authorities should consider enhancing public communication on macroprudential policies
In June, it raised Rs 540 cr by selling 18% stake in life insurance joint venture with Dai-ichi and Union Bank of India to the ...
Monsoon to fuel rural lending, industrial borrowing may get a leg-up
In a lighter vein, Rajan said he felt he was "underpaid" as PSBs tend to overpay at the bottom but underpay their top executives
A recent report has shown that fresh additions to bad loans are now primarily coming from fresh loans and not from restructured ...
The central government has recently announced an allocation of Rs 3,101 cr by way of preferential allotment of equity to the bank
RBI said it has imposed a monetary penalty of Rs 5 lakh on The Cooperative City Bank, Guwahati, for flouting KYC norms
Narendra Modi administration has set a target to double farm income by 2022
ICL now has 42 branches across Kerala and Tamil Nadu and plans to expand its portfolio from 100 branches in the current financial ...
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya got Rs 31.1 lakh in 2015-16, while HDFC Bank's MD Aditya Puri got Rs 9.7 crore
He urged the lenders to take a 'fresh look' at their security architecture
Rajan also said the person taking the responsibility should also be rewarded if the project goes on well
Pace of additions to NPAs slower but provisioning pressure will continue for a while
Says associates will report better performance from the subsequent quarter
Insurers say mere collection and remittance of premium itself costs more money than allowed by the regulator
Raghuram Rajan, who demits office on  September 4, has been pilloried by his critics for keeping interest rates high and has also ...
An announcement of Raghuram Rajan's successor is expected before the end of this month
As many as 21 banks had extended loan of Rs 5,262 crore to REI Agro Ltd, a basmati rice trading firm
Centre rejects 6 others for conditional bids; no foreign entity in final shortlist
After Punjab National Bank (PNB) and United Bank of India (UBI), more banks are likely to start a facility wherein an account ...
Speaking about digitisation, he said it is not only increasing productivity but also leading to disruption of the existing ...
Yes Bank reported a 32.8% rise in net profit to Rs 731.8 cr during the first quarter ended June 30
Firm said to be relying on app, Ampower, to simplify the sale process and make turnaround faster
FIR filed under charges of cheating and criminal conspiracy; SBI said to be complainant in case, according to a TV report
Rs 14,384-cr capital boost from realty re-valuation
RBI had originally expected to raise $10 billion but eventually raised about $30 billion under the scheme
The state-run bank had earned a net profit of Rs 129.7 cr in the April-June quarter of last financial year
Against a net profit of Rs 146.86 crore in the same period last financial year
Total income decreased to Rs 5,392.70 crore for the quarter under review
Total income of the bank declined to Rs 6,662.6 crore as against Rs 7,098.99 crore in the same period last year
This, after the FDI limit has been raised to 49% from existing 26%
Currently, pension products floated by fund houses and insurance firms are regulated by Sebi and Irdai, respectively
They account for 39.08% of all complaints reported by banking ombudsman in its annual report for 2015-16
Jaitley said after the hacking attempts, all banks and the RBI have taken a number of security measures to check such designs
The rating agency says this is the first time investors in India have had to forgo interest on a bank capital instrument
Shares of the bank rose more than 5% after the results on the lower-than-expected rise in bad loans
However, the shares of state-run bank rose more than 5% after the results on the lower-than-expected rise in bad loans
General, life insurers with 8 & 10 yrs in biz, respectively, may have to list
Back in black after losses in Two quarters; slippages in retail book a surprise
RBI had constituted a Committee on Capacity Building in July 2014, under the chairmanship of former executive director, G ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday proposed that a customer should have zero liability in case of a third-party fraud on ...
The rupee on Thursday lost 13 paise to close at 66.85 against the dollar, on fresh demand for the US currency from banks and ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank's net profit rose 78.3 per cent to Rs 241.1 crore for the quarter ended June, on the back of tax ...
A customer who utilises Suvidhaa's remittance or bill payment facilities can avail himself of loans up to Rs 15,000 with no ...
Both gross and NPAs rose over two times as a percentage of advances during Q1 current fiscal
In its third bi-monthly policy review RBI said the pace of foreign direct investment inflows slowed in the first two months of ...
Says he has done 90-95% of what needs to be done
The company reported net profit of Rs 215 cr for the first quarter of FY17
State-run banks sold a record amount of sovereign bonds on Tuesday, reaping rewards from a rally that's sent benchmark yields to ...
The landscape of bancassurance promises to be shape-shifting, post Max Life-HDFC Life merger
The trend has gained currency in the aftermath of the capping of MF commissions
The bank plans to transform 10 per cent of its branches to the new format in the next 6-12 months
Rajan also said the central bank would likely pay a record-high dividend to the government
Special teams in Chennai and Salem to look into the matter; cops currently quizzing current and ex-staff, coolies
Max Life was busy scouting for insurers it could buy.
Then, HDFC Life happened
RBI had also conducted an asset quality review and had given banks a deadline to clean up their balance sheet by FY17
The bank has already raised Rs 488 crore through a pre-IPO placement
Its gross bad loan ratio widened to 17.19% as of end-June from 15.43% at end-March
Raghuram Rajan blamed the bankers for holding onto higher rates even after the RBI lowering the same by 150 bps
Gross NPA grow to 20.48% and net NPA to 13.97%
The wilful defaulters as a percentage of GNPAs as on March 2016 was 16.09%
The bank, along with Manipal University, has crafted a specialized post-graduate course for banking aspirants.
After successful ...
Rajan said RBI does not give out money directly to ordinary citizens
Transaction to be completed in 12 months; combined entity to be worth around Rs 65,000 cr
Union Bank aims to recover Rs 1,200 cr of small-size loans and bring down its total of gross NPAs to 8.75-9% by next March
Small savers are likely to gain from competitive rates expected to be offered by these banks
Pandit's joint venture with JM Financial makes Rs 200-cr profit on Rs 520 cr revenues
It also cautioned that more bank licences would be 'credit negative' for existing banks
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans rose to 10.16 per cent as of end-June from 8.7 per cent at end-March
Rating agency CRISIL has assigned "AA/Negative" rating for both instruments
The lender is also planning to issue 400,000 tags to motorists to allow them hassle-free passage through toll plazas on national ...
A closer look at these transactions reveals that private sector banks sold loans at much steeper discount rate to ARCs than ...
Section 45 which says that no claim can be rejected after three of the life insurance policy being in force still remains a bone ...
Bank had reported a profit after tax of Rs 519 crore in the same period last year
Total income for the quarter grew 7.2% at Rs 4,855.50 crore
The bank's asset quality will remain under pressure over the next 12 months
Downgrade follows the bank's fall in its capital adequacy ratio to 7.51 per cent
This comes after Vinod Rai, the former CAG chief, stepped down after serving on the board for a year
'NPA problem is getting bigger than any of us has thought it might be'
According to the UPI's architecture, the bank's application, called Axis Pay App, can be used by any other bank's customer
Bad loan recovery is absolutely on top of agenda so that lending process can start again, the Banks Board Bureau chief said
The committee will benchmark the current depth of household financial markets in India vis-a-vis those in other major world ...
It is important that this framework is in place.
I'm working very hard to get this in place
before I leave, Rajan had said
The website is expected to be helpful in coordination between regulatory authorities and law enforcement agents throughout the ...
The effective tax rate for fee-based services of banks may rise from present 15% to 18%
The website would also help enhance coordination among regulators and state government agencies
RBI said it reviewed these instructions and it will be now up to discretion of banks how to respond in such cases
The bank's scrip closed 0.71% up at Rs 21.25 on BSE
Lenders say the rise of credit bureaus and easy monitoring of credit scores have helped them check delinquencies
In metropolitan and large cities, the bank has spread adequately while scope still exists to cover other geographical areas like ...
At present, it only has a tie-up with Dhanlaxmi Bank as a bancassurance partner
This apart, SBI is also planning to come out with small value insurance, investments and flexible deposit schemes
The SBI chief also said that liquidity risk is the biggest risk which the banking sector is facing today
These accounts were opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana
NBFCs, individuals most likely to apply
Banks in India and China will continue to face pressures on their asset quality, profitability over next 12-24 years, report said
In the last few years, bond yields have remained high despite rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India
They are small town boys who went on to make it big in global financial powerhouses.
Now, they are back.
Over the past several ...
This, especially after LIC signed an agreement with Axis Bank as its bancassurance partner last week
Govt has approved establishment of six new Debt Recovery Tribunals to speed up the recovery of bad loans
The plan has a 'premium funding' option where in the event of life insured's death, apart from benefit payout, insurer funds ...
Banks in India and China will continue to face pressures on their asset quality, profitability over next 12-24 years, report said
Net non-performing assets of the bank rose to 4.48 per cent at the end of June 2016
RBI had granted licenses to Yes Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank in 2004
Conglomerates can hold only 10% stake; focus on NBFCs not controlled by large groups
ICICI Bank to hold 30% stake, rest to be picked up by Apollo subject to passage of amendment in Sarfaesi Act proposed in the ...
Raises Rs 485 cr via 10-year NCDs, at an interest rate of 8.25%
HDFC raised Rs 3,000 cr on July 14 via masala bonds, an offshore-traded, rupee-denominated issue
The process includes self-learning, class-room learning and the examination
The overnight MCLR will be 8.90% under the revised rate structure which is effective from today
Concerns on asset quality has stabilised
Under Indradhanush roadmap announced by the ministry last year, the government will infuse Rs 70,000 crore in PSBs over 4 years
Funds raised will be used by the bank to support Indian project exports
Certain insurers have set up a process of paying interest if claims are not addressed within the minimum guarantee period
Losses likely to be high this financial year, due to a spate of floods across north and east India
23 out of 29 banks are expected to be ready with the new payments platform, which was to be launched today
MCLR is the new benchmark lending rate which has replaced the base rate for new borrowers
MCLR is the new benchmark lending rate which has replaced the base rate for new borrowers
The public lender will seek shareholder approval for the same at its extraordinary general meeting to be held on Aug 30
Says, process of the merger of five associate banks and Bhartiya Mahila Bank with the SBI should be over by next March
The lender scraped past the level of 7.5% that analysts had seen as a threshold
The profit was almost in line with Bloomberg estimates of Rs 2,207 crore
Says RBI expected to keep rate unchanged next month
The bond's structure protects investors as well as the issuer in case of extreme fluctuation in inflation numbers
The strike affected services such as cheque clearances, cash deposit and withdrawal at branches and other facilities
Takes over five-star property in Bengaluru to recover dues
Bhattacharya said the capital infusion would further strengthen capital adequacy ratio by 0.5%
The Bank, he said, can play a role in helping large section of retired persons who were trying to live a respectable life on the ...
Gandhi said there is a need for banks to timely detect such incidences, adding a robust crisis management plan is pertinent
DBS Group chief executive officer said If given license, the bank can do well with SMEs and transaction banking
Creates one of the largest Bancassurance partnerships in India
Services at around 80,000 branches in the country were hit on Friday
Around Rs 20,000 cr worth of 26 lakh instruments stagnated in the banks without clearance today
Cheque clearances, cash deposits get affected as 10 lakh employees are striking against Centre's policies for the sector
Burgeoning bad debt burden and their humongous provisioning requirement is putting capital-starved banks in serious jeopardy, ...
This will help to 'facilitate efficient access to the retail individual investor to the same G-Sec market being used by the large ...
The US Federal Reserve decided to keep its policy rates unchanged but guided that rates could firm up in September
Lender breached rules to open current accounts
Unions, which are protesting against FDI in the banking sector, are pressing for various demands
While the bank witnessed lower slippages, overall stress still remains elevated
RBI had carried out an inspection of books of accounts, internal control, compliance system and processes at one of the bank's ...
In preliminary phase, bank will distribute LIC's life insurance products across its branches
As a part of tie up, 10,000 banking-finance professionals will be trained in 5 years for 40 cities and towns
They're making inroads into microfinance, used car finance and rural housing; retail loans of top 12 NBFC are barely 5% smaller ...
PNB's net profit is  halved to Rs 30,636 crore for the quarter ended June 30 this year compared to Rs 72,071 crore in the ...
Middle office to actively advise RBI on weekly borrowings
Asks 8 banks to tighten regulatory compliance
To Rs 731.8 crore in the April-June quarter as its net interest income and other income surged significantly
The resource profile continues to be well-diversified, lending flexibility to HDFC's borrowings
Last year, the lender had received the clearance from the Reserve Bank of India for this business
The lender also plans to expand its footprints across 10 states and 20 cities by the end of FY17
Its consolidated net profit during the April-June quarter of the previous financial year stood at Rs 2,204.29 crore
The public sector net profit during the corresponding quarter in last financial year stood at Rs 81.32 crore
The bank said separately that, RBI has imposed a penalty of Rs 2 crore on it for violation of anti-money laundering norms
The bank said, it has senior leadership and technology architecture to establish the business, and will commence operations in 12 ...
Lenders of Jaiprakash Power Ventures have invoked strategic debt restructuring (SDR) on Monday to acquire a significant stake in ...
The private sector lender was hit by NPAs in its retail book in 2008-09 and now on the corporate side.
Analysts are looking at Q1 ...
Lender had listed on the bourses only last year and therefore the year-on-year comparative figure isn't available
He argued India's real interest rate was actually in the middle-of-rates prevailing in the world, and lower than China's
Population of minority communities in Goa according to the 2011 Census is 5.14 lakh, which is 35.32 per cent of the total ...
Hopes to increase its SME customer base by 30-40% in the current year
In late 2015, RBI discovered 150 largest accounts which were facing problems in servicing their debt obligations
As on June 30, 2016 Gross NPA decreased to 1.79 per cent from 1.91 per cent
Of the total, State Bank of India alone has written off Rs 15,763 crore worth loans
Santosh Gangwar informed that 79% of women are taking loans from Mudra Bank
The bank had posted a net profit of Rs 94.07 crore during the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year
MoS for Finance Santosh Kumar Gangwar said PSBs have been allowed to raise capital through follow on public offer
The Finance Act, 2016 has changed the definition of distributed income on which tax will be imposed
Earlier this year, RBI had asked all banks to conduct an internal audit of their KYC/AML mechanism to prevent such lapses
Indian Housing Finance Companies (HFCs) need to work on underwriting standards for affordable home loans to control credit risks, ...
The regulator has said that after three years, the premium can be revised by the insurer depending on the experience
Industry officials said this was on account of insurers primarily using bank branch networks to sell policies, apart from using ...
Happy Holidays Package offers multiple travel benefits to globetrotters
Bank approved a resolution for issue of shares up to Rs 8,000 crore inclusive of premium amount through various modes including ...
SBI continued to account for largest share with 26.2% complaints in 2015-16, share of its associate banks was 9%
Key takeaways from SBI chairman's interview to The Financial Express
Shares of Central Bank jumped 3.08% to Rs 100.55, while IOB gained 0.18% to Rs 27.20 on BSE
The observation came as part of inspection done by the central bank after last year's case in which Rs 6,100-crore scam
An internal note of the government on Mudra loans has said that loans given under the scheme through MFIs have high rates of ...
Proposed home finance arm will focus on small-ticket lending to self-employed people, which is a large untapped market
Starting September, those booking tickets through the IRCTC website can avail of a travel accident cover for premium as low as Rs ...
With respect to fire, industrial all risks large risks, limit of cession in sum insured is Rs 750 cr sum insured per risk
India's import cover improved to 10.9 months at the end of March 2016, from 9.8 months at end-September 2015, as the country's ...
To Rs 167.3 crore in the April-June quarter aided by higher other income growth
During the first quarter of current FY, the company saw a 53% jump in total income at Rs 368.95 crore compared to the same period ...
The bank said that a cyber security forensic audit has been initiated to identify, plug any gaps & strengthen the system
On account of rise in bad loans
Govt has sanctioned the proposal of SBI to enter into negotiations with its subsidiary banks
Santosh Kumar Gangwar said an amount of Rs 1,300 crore was released to Exim Bank by the government in 2015-16 as capital
Needs to checked by a global standard regulatory framework coupled with the companies' in-house mechanisms
Net NPAs stood at 5.42% of the net advances almost double from a year ago period
The govt had said it will infuse Rs 70,000 cr into state banks while they have to raise a Rs 1.1 lakh cr to meet requirements
Proposal to make it mandatory for life insurers to invest at least 25% of Ulip funds in G-Secs may be dropped
It has infused Rs 22,915 cr capital in 13 lenders to revive loan growth that hit a two-decade low, help them shore up capital
Inflation is threatening to breach the RBI target, it will give a harsh welcome to its new chief
Bank also reported almost fourfold jump in net profit to Rs 741 crore in the June quarter
Such funds are likely to take a middle path and arrive at a realistic valuation that is acceptable to ARCs and banks
Bank had earned a profit of Rs 2,695.72 crore in the April-June quarter of the last financial year
Bank CFOs may meet next week to discuss minimum public shareholding and takeover rule issues
Fitch said the government's capital infusion was unlikely to address the weak profitability of these banks
Due to successive rate cuts by the RBI
"I was plunged into crisis management even before I could settle into the job," Subbarao said here at the launch of his book Who ...
These new rates will be effective from July 27
CDC would be holding 15% equity in the NBFC
Last year, for the 1st time the central bank had granted in-principle approval to 10 entities for SFB
Opening up of bancassurance network has been viewed as a mixed bag by sector
S&P Global Ratings on Wednesday said HDFC Bank's bonds issued from its Bahrain branch were no longer under its CreditWatch, ...
The gross NPAs in public sector banks stood at Rs 5.39 lakh crore
The process of resolving stressed assets of public sector banks in India has commenced, preparing them to bounce back into ...
Taking a jibe at the way the Narendra Modi government handled the vicious criticism of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor ...
Cite low PLF, no long-term PPAs, delays in land acquisition and green nod as key hurdles
Public sector Central Bank of India will raise Rs 1,297 crore by issuing preference shares to the government.
     Bank's Capital ...
In all 5,610 accounts blocked over Rs 58,000 crore of banks, says association
Bankers frustrated over big chunk for loss making banks
While the state-run bank will contribute up to 5% of its total investments
While the state-run bank will contribute up to 5% of its total investments
Global rating agency Fitch estimates the banking system needs around $90 bn of capital
75% of earmarked capital will be released immediately; rest linked to performance to be allocated later
Axis Bank, Citi, DBS, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, SBI were tracked
Small finance bank hopefuls asked N S Vishwanathan, RBI deputy governor, to relax priority lending norms
National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) has enabled over 200 District Central Co-operative Banks (DCCBs) under RuPay Debit ...
Under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana, loans ranging from Rs 50,000 to Rs 10,00,000 are provided to small entrepreneurs
Majority of the policies (95.7 million) that were sold under the Yojana were personal accident policies
RBS branches in Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Pune, Gurgaon, Noida and Vadodara will be closed with effect from October 1
Timing good but money not enough for lenders to grow business
While its valuation stood at Rs 32,500 cr in November 2015, it now commands Rs 45,000-50,000 cr with the public offer
According to the report, 800 million people will have access to online payment options in India by 2019
The British bank will make alternate arrangements for their banking, wealth management & demat accounts on or before Aug 31
Combined GLP grew 84% to Rs 53,200 crore in FY16 from Rs 28,900 crore in the previous year
Gangwar said GNPA jumped from 5.43% in 2014-15 to 9.32% in 2015-16
Report noted that the need for financial inclusion is driving new technologies and innovations
SGB issue price has been fixed at Rs 3,119 per gram.
An investor can invest for a minimum unit of one gram
and a maximum of 500 ...
SBI gets the biggest chunk of Rs 7,575 cr followed by Rs 3,101 crore for Indian Overseas Bank
In 13 state-run banks in FY17
Key factors include technology, customer expectations, global demographics, e-commerce and the growing impact of regulation
RBI has issued a discussion paper proposing new limits for bank's lending to the finance companies
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company aims to raise Rs 5,000 cr via the IPO, the first by an insurer in India and the biggest ...
Starts boutique M&A advisory and fund management business
Private sector lender has maintained an adequate loans to customer deposit ratio of 95% at end-March 2016
The microfinance institution (MFI) has presence in 10 states and will start banking operations with the 10 branches
The concept of REER is used to gauge a currency's strength vis-a-vis its trading partners or export competitors after adjusting ...
Since its launch, the bank has mobilised close to Rs 15,000 crore deposits
Asks them to prove it before accusing him of being behind the curve; debunks criticism as mere 'dialogues'
Banks have sought immunity from 'unnecessary oversight' from agencies on decisions related to loans
Rajan, accused by critics of keeping interest rates too high and often seen as being critical of the government and its policies, ...
HDFC proposes to issue Rs 2,000-cr masala bonds with an option to retain over-subscription of up to Rs 1,000 cr
Data from life insurers show there is at least a 20 per cent rise year-on-year in fraudulent claims, including claims in the name ...
Union also demanded filing criminal cases against these defaulters
Around Rs 70,000 crore public money has been blocked with wilful defaulters in India
Total income, during the financial year increased to Rs 9,222.82 crore from Rs 9,017.30 crore
Using monetary policy tools to fight Rupee slide was toughest decision
Foreign investors to up their stakes in Axis Bank and IDFC Bank to up to 74% and 46%, respectively
Now, NPS subscribers can view his/her NPS account, latest details of scheme wise units along with latest NAV and the total value ...
She said the youth in India need to equip themselves with skills which will empower them to earn a sustainable livelihood
First tranche of capital infusion is likely to be less than Rs 20,000 crore
Shares of the bank were trading at Rs 80.75 apiece, up 0.31%
In his book, former governor says Chidambaram, Pranab were piqued by his tight rate policy; refused extension to two deputies
86% was taken by Asian investors, remaining was claimed by European ones
Application for the bonds will be accepted on July 18- 22, the central bank said
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday set up an inter-regulatory working group to study regulatory issues relating to ...
Sources say disinvestment would be somewhere below 10%
According to Subbarao, the pressure on the currency was inevitable and blaming the global developments could be an easy way out
RBI often wrong-footed due to questionable data, says former governor
The apex court will hear the plea on July 18
The issue is expected to close by Thursday afternoon or Friday morning
IRDAI may relax of norms to enable distribution of simple policies such as Third Party through agencies such as Pollution Check ...
Consequently, that may adversely impact India's economic growth from FY18, says the ratings agency
After long hiatus, fund managers pumped money into SBI, PNB and Union Bank last month
The pilot that was rolled out in Bengaluru early this year, SBI Exclusif, witnessed encouraging results with 50% more response ...
After long hiatus, fund managers pumped money in SBI, PNB and Union Bank last month
Irdai said the provision was being made to protect the interests of policyholders as well as keeping in view the legal principles
At $45 billion, it has gone ahead of biggies such as Barclays, ING, Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse
The company plans to raise Rs 25,000-27,000 cr this year to fund loan growth and hopes to mop up 10% of this from retail deposits
This is a first-of-its-kind transaction where a bank has taken over a microfinance institution (MFI) and made it a subsidiary
Last date to register for the programme is July 21, 2016.
Bank will be able to actively offer products such as ECBs to customers in an area where it had limited capabilities so far
Corporate sector continues to face headwinds
Unions had planned two-day strike to protest merger of SBI associates, IDBI privatisation; matter to be heard on July 20
It will be the first IPO from a life insurance company in the country
Higher net interest income at Rs 1,356.42 cr contributes to the rise
Capital adequacy at 15.8% up from 15.3% a year ago; net NPA at 0.5% compared to 0.4% as on March 31, 2015
The government has made Budget provision of Rs 25,000-crore capital infusion in PSBs for the current financial year
Edelweiss General Insurance will be EFS' wholly-owned subsidiary
From going on strike against the proposed merger of associate banks with State Bank of India
Both competitive and non-competitive bids for the auction has to be submitted in an electronic format
Total income of the company increased to Rs 4,264.66 crore in the quarter under review
CH Venkatachalam said the government was trying to divert the people's attention from the mounting bad loans in the banking
He is the chief executive and managing director of the second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank
IIML will offer structured products in infrastructure and real estate in the Middle East and Africa
The bank is well positioned to continue to grow faster than the banking sector both in retail and wholesale segments, HDFC Bank ...
All India Bank Officers' Association and State Sector Bank Employees' Association will also participate in the strike
The Paytm Payments Bank will be headquartered in Noida and kick off its services from east and north to begin with
Drive to simplify customer experience lifts tech spends by firms
At present, third-party  motor insurance is mandatory
Bad loans to stay at elevated levels
Friday's conciliation meeting on issue of merger of associate banks with SBI, privatisation of IDBI  Bank fails to yield results
India, he said, has 'peculiar' characteristics of having quite high percentage of domestic savings
The company is discontinuing its existing regular term plan and replacing it with the ROP as there is more demand for ROP plans
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today lifted the almost seven year old restriction on fresh purchase of shares of state-owned ...
New minister of state for finance seems to be on the same page as his immediate boss, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
NPA rises compared to same quarter of previous year
Outstanding loans rose Rs 4,950 crores to Rs 72,56,000 crores in the two weeks to June 24
He was previously with SCOR Re for four years
The banks, at present, do not have an online facility to verify the documents given to them
Net NPAs also rose to 2.89%, from 1.21% at the end of June 2015
Leveraged firms continue to hive off their non-core businesses or are in midst of a debt restructuring exercise with banks
CRISIL has assigned "AA+" rating to Bank of India's (BoI's) Rs 15.0 billion Tier II bond issue (under Basel III)
Banks had commissioned techno-economic viability studies as well as forensic audits for stressed cases
Currently, the reinsurance market is Rs 18,000 crore in India, of which life insurance only contributes Rs 1,200 crore-1,300
Apart from some increase in sum-of-parts valuation, the issue will not help in augmenting the bank's capital
The bank has said that Rs 794 crore was recovered in small value NPA accounts and Rs 301 crore from accounts of over Rs 10 lakh ...
Both the banks were both in midst of systematic plans to reduce stress on books and improve recoveries when they were impacted by ...
The company is looking at launching more products, including highly secure NFC handsets to replace use of hard cash
Seed investment and innovation platform Venture Catalysts (VCats) has announced a seed investment of $250,000 into Don't Scratch ...
Describes Brexit as a "wrong step" saying the world tomorrow has to globalise and get more connected and collaborative
Move may get foreign direct investment of Rs 12,000 cr and create 7,000 jobs
The rating agency also revised the sector outlook on Indian Banks to "Negative" from "Stable"
India faces challenge on lacklustre global demand
Govt has plans to inject Rs 450 billion ($6.7 billion) in the banks through March 2019
The agency has affirmed long-term ratings of nine banks at 'BBB-'
Private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) investments witnessed a decline during the first half of this year, driven by a ...
FIPB had referred the bank's proposal to CCEA, as the capital inflow was over Rs 5,000 crore
The proposal will lead to foreign investment of about Rs 12,973 crore
Lenders are likely to consider Electrosteel, Bhushan Steel and Visa Steel for debt recast under the Scheme for Sustainable ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley were close to a decision on Rajan's successor and an announcement ...
Aims to increase share of retail resources to 20%
He took over as Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the bank on December 31, 2014
During this financial year, bank's focus is on retail, particularly housing, car and education segment
Sen will look after Department of Banking Regulation, Co-operative Bank Regulation and Non-Banking Regulation
DoP has 28,000 departmental post offices and 1.50 lakh rural post offices across the country
Vishwanathan who succeeds H R Khan had joined central bank in 1981
The 58-year-old replaces H R Khan who retired on Monday
Final shape is being given to various issues including quantum of stake dilution, sources added
MD & CEO Chanda Kochhar says a wide branch network is a cornerstone in retail banking
Life insurers have to file number of lives covered under social sector in reporting financial year
The joint venture is between India's Videocon Industries and Liberty Citystate Holdings Pte, part of the US-headquartered Liberty ...
Here is the list of some important global central banks and the terms of appointment of their governors
SBI holds a 35% stake, the Centre 50%, and the respective state governments 15% in each of the five RRBs in the North East.
Eligible beneficiaries under the facility would be developers, aggregators and end-users, who wish to set up solar PV projects
On completion of trial, M Gopalakrishnan and Sai Jagannathan were convicted and sentenced to three years of rigorous imprisonment
Average ticket size rises to Rs 17,952 in April-May period of this fiscal against Rs 15,774 in the same period last fiscal
E-insurance would become mandatory for annual premiums equal to or above Rs 10,000
Through this initiative, at least 400 MW solar capacity will be created across the country
According to bankers, this was on account of the cotton ginning industry which was the most affected sector in FY2015-16
National auditor says a significant part of NPAs was due to fraud and may never be recovered
State Bank of India sold 22,50,000 equity shares of NSE, priced at Rs 4,050 a unit
The State Bank of India (SBI)  on Friday said it will merge  corporate finance branches of associate banks with parent branch and ...
Pricing power of private corporate sector - measured by operating profit margin - remained flat in the fourth quarter over the ...
Operations likely to state by Sept-Oct; Firm expect SFB to be profitable from first year onwards
Personal loan interest (14%) will apply for the purchase
It received the R1 or initial approval to set up a branch in India yesterday
The new initiative was launched on Friday on the occasion of 61st State Bank Day
RBI granted in-principle approval to RIL as a promoter in September 2015 for the setting up of the payments bank
The lender expects the branches to be operational in the next few months
For deposits in US Dollars, the revised interest rates have been fixed at 1.70% for one year
Emphasises need for greater accountability and transparency
New SFB would cost additional Rs 100 crore a year, but benefit will be through reduction in cost of funds, says MD
Many countries have a five-year term for their central bank chiefs
Average delinquency rate for close to 12 months seasoned loans was 9% during 2009 amid deficient rainfall and low agri-GDP
The public lender's gross NPA went up to 6.50% in 2015-16 from 4.25% the previous year
Refinancing firm to raise Rs 1,000 cr via bonds
At present, there is only one domestic reinsurer, General Insurance Corporation of India
Banks had raised about $34 billion through the FCNR (B) from deposits from NRIs in September 2013, most of which are falling due ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Thursday that for the quarter ending September, the government would borrow Rs 1.85 lakh ...
The move was because RBI observed that "a major portion of the pre-2005 banknotes have been withdrawn from circulation"
he move is expected to bring more transparency and make the system more efficient
Volume of NPAs went up after RBI conducted asset quality review in 2015-16
Private life insurers had a higher average ticket size than LIC
The funds held by Indians with Swiss banks stood at a record high of CHF 6.5 billion (Rs 23,000 crore) at 2006-end
SM@Bank would allow clients access full bouquet of services instantly on 24x7 basis over personal computers or mobile phones
Over the next two years the bank would focus on cutting down its NPA, expand its portfolios in home loan, SME and priority ...
Family Safety Plan is priced at Rs 2,999 and includes a 12 month subcription of OTR's 24X7 on-demand safety and assistance
The immediate benefit could be seen in loans for consumer durables and vehicles linked with demand for these items
The RBI report shows that the risks to the banking system have "worsened significantly," as companies may not be paying back ...
These start-ups will mainly be focusing across lending, digital, payments and artificial intelligence space
The Department of Posts is planning to set up a board and appoint chief executive officer and chief operating officer of the ...
The aggregated balance sheet of NBFC sector expanded by 15.5% in March 2016.
On the asset quality level also, performance ...
Global insurance premiums grew by 3.8% in real terms in 2015, amidst variations in regional growth rates
The board of the bank will comprise of 9 members, of which 5 will be independent members and the remaining four will be in-house ...
Bank will not take any fresh exposure to large corporate firms under a new turnaround strategy
However, the ratings agency affirmed the rating "AA+" for Basel -III compliant tier II bonds
However, risks to the banking system remain
Govt enforced a law for setting up a six-member panel likely to decide on interest rates at the next monetary policy
Faced with rising bad assets, banking major SBI will divest non-core investments of around Rs 3,000 crore to shore up its ...
Bank expects a fund infusion of about Rs 500-600 cr from govt this financial year
The targets will be notified separately by the government in consultation with RBI
The new rates would be effective July 1
It is expected that they should submit the detailed plan in the next few weeks as a dedicated team from SBI is working on this
AQR has resulted in unprecedented pressure on the profitability of some banks in the short term
Apart from this, the report also suggested offering green insurance as a cover to help in internalisation of environmental costs ...
Financial Stability Report says NBFCs perform better than banks
Debt MFs' exposure up 4% in FY16; do enough homework on risk, RBI advises in Financial Stability Report
All appointments of deputy governors to RBI were previously done by a panel headed by the governor
Currently, urban microfinance contributes to 65 percent of the overall microfinance sector
Rajan said India needs to stay on the path of sound domestic policies and structural reforms
State Bank of India in May had announced that it will merge with six banks, including five associate banks
Shares of Bank of Maharashtra were trading 0.76% up at Rs 33 on BSE
He will succeed H R Khan on July 3
According to TV reports, Vishwanathan will replace incumbent H R Khan
Barring significant government support to boost the banks' capitalization, the risks arising from the potential consolidation ...
Tamil Nadu's finances most stressed, with gross fiscal deficit  estimated at Rs 31,830 crore
Developers said if banks and housing finance companies are allowed to fund land buying it would reduce their cost of funding
The interviews were held to replace VG Kannan, who is looks after associates and subsidiaries at the bank and retires on June 30
The product allows two wheeler owners to purchase a policy with a longer duration cover of two or three years
Icra cuts rating for UCO Bank's tier-II bonds
It comes after government securities evoked lesser subscriptions from foreign investors in the last two auctions
Reluctant to let another NPA hurt them, the banks were ready to talk to anybody willing take over control of AMW Motors and repay ...
This is because insurers aren't required to tie-up with them to issue e-policies
As the clean-up has taken hold, loan growth slipped to 10.7% in the last financial year
A look at a few probable names who may take charge from Rajan in September
After the new Insurance Act, foreign partners may not want to continue
Also, a new monetary policy committee will be chosen soon
An official from PMO office said Raghuram Rajan is expected to join the Monetary Policy Committee search team
The Kotak Mahindra Bank chief also pitched for an 'exit mechanism' for the sector
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh also said in a sector like real estate where multiple approvals are required, embarking on a digital ...
Axis Bank's Shikha Sharma came in second, whose compensation package jumped 28% to Rs 5.50 crore
Bank's chairman says plans are in place to create more agile and capable organisation with better controls and complliance
Chairman says there is no dearth of capital to fund infrastructure development, but investments must be handled with ...
Banks can only make acquisitions when they have financial might which is subdued at the moment
One Dy MD, three EDs to exit in 40 days; Another post of Dy MD vacant since Oct 2015, after M Rego moved to Bank of India as MD ...
They are buying into equities as key indices drop, following Brexit
In the previous week, the reserves had declined $231 million to $363.2 billion
But didn't provide any time-frame for raising the funds
Aims to tap first time credit card users for smaller credit usages
Deal likely to close by next week
Aims to increase interoperability, accessibility, security of payments systems across the country
This is double the hike of 11 per cent Sharma had received in FY15
The executive committee of the bank's board is meeting on June 29 to take a decision in this regard
The central bank allowed Indian exporters and importers to write 'call' and 'put' currency options
The reporting requirement of commercial papers and unhedged forex (foreign exchange) exposures of borrowers were yet to be ...
BounceBack, the initiative will create awareness around the need for critical illness insurance in India
Here is a list the remuneration of bosses of top Indian banks
Framework proposes to move India towards a cashless society
Bank of India shares closed 0.78% up at Rs 96.30 on BSE
The idea of government using RBI's cash pile was first muted in the Economic Survey 2016
His views are on topics ranging from bad loans, low credit growth to willful defaulters
Opposes using RBI reserves to recapitalise banks
'Unions must come on board for other mergers'
Says globally banks tend not to lend to start-ups as they have little to show in terms of collateral when they seek money
Rajan said the proposal to capitalise banks seems non-transparent idea that can create conflicts of interest
The bank had seen a surge in bad loans in its corporate loan book in India about 24 months ago
The bank has received about Rs 500 cr as equity from govt so far
Currently RBI Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan is being mentioned in official circles as the front runner to bag the coveted job at ...
SBI, PNB, Canara Bank, Union Bank, Bank of Baroda and Bank of India said to be leading merger, as per a government proposal
Govt confident additional allocation won't affect the 2016-17 fiscal target
New norms from October 1; sales to be made using e-proposal form similar to physical form approved by regulator
According to RBI norms, the promoter's minimum initial contribution to the paid-up share capital of an SFB should be at least 40 ...
Open-sourcing refers to giving credit cards even to customers with whom the lender doesn't have a relationship
According to sources, value of the transaction is Rs 540 crore, valuing the company at Rs 3,000 crore
Suggesting that Reserve Bank as an institution will not be impacted by Governor Raghuram Rajan's departure, the economic research ...
Dhoni will feature in the Exide Life Insurance marketing campaign starting June 22
Once RBI approves its application, YES Bank aims to get a full banking license in Singapore
After touching a record high last week, the country's foreign exchange reserves declined by $231 mn to $363.23 bn in the week ...
BoB executive said resources through monetisation are expected to beef capital adequacy
Currently, Odisha State Co-operative Bank providing banking services through 20 vans
The party further criticised BJP leaders for creating circumstances that forced Rajan to decide not to continue
Aims to grow market share in hinterlands
The bank has been named in the 'Hall of Shame' list of 158 banking and financial institutions globally
Governor said to have been feeling lack of support from FM Jaitley and PM Modi; he reportedly did not inform Centre before ...
Rajan has decided to step down from the RBI Governor's post and said he will return to academia after the end of his tenure
Rajan had set an ambitious March 2017 deadline for them to fully reveal the problem loans and make adequate provisions
SBI has been included in the list because of its exposure to Orbital ATK, a US-based company specialising in ammunition
Rajan's colleague at Chicago University Booth School of Business Luigi Zingales termed it is a huge loss for India
They are to ascertain the defaulters' present occupation, income streams among others
In his letter, Rajan has said that the decision to leave was taken after consultation with the government
Bank to hire over 2,000 engineers in India over next 28 months
Poor monsoons in 2014 and 2015 and slower growth in minimum support price over the last two years will continue to weigh on the ...
Irdai rule says, for listed insurers, minimum shareholding by the promoters should not be below 50% of the paid-up equity capital
The RBI Governor said in a staff letter that he would like to return to academia
From inflation fighting to cleaning up the NPA mess, here's a quick look at Rajan's key achievements during his term
Officials from PMO and the Finance ministry have made no immediate comment on the development
Bank also said the board has approved proposal for raising Tier II Capital to the tune of Rs 1,500 crore
WIth more than 16,000 employees in over 1,000 branches across India it is one of the leading NBFCs
Bank also aims to add 60 branches during this financial year
Combined entity to be country's largest private sector insurer
Insurance Sector has 24 life insurance and 29 general insurance companies, including five standalone health insurers
Insurance sector currently has 24 life insurance companies and 29 general insurance companies
RBI may also call for any further documents to satisfy itself on the eligibility of a company seeking registration as an NBFC
Industry experts say this could set the ball rolling for more consolidation in the insurance sector
The strike is in protest against government's move to merge associate banks with State Bank of India
Wiser from experience, RBI has come up with revised norms - the Scheme for Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets (S4A) - to ...
Overall, persistency ratio of insurance policies from the fourth year onwards is becoming a concern area for life insurance ...
The bank to consider assistance of up to Rs 3 cr to an Indian registered company for promoting their business innovations
So far this financial year, the central bank has infused Rs 70,000 crore of durable liquidity through buying bonds under its open ...
Presently, foreign direct investment of up to 49% is permitted in the insurance sector
The company looking to expand in health insurance space with online products that are mass market and affordable for customers
Five key voices that came out in support of the RBI governor
The looming expiration of an emergency liquidity measure introduced during India's 2013 currency crisis comes at a risky time for ...
Employee integration, branch rationalisation major challenges
The meeting, held at RBI premises, was attended by chiefs of public sector banks, including State Bank of India head Arundhati ...
Norms applicable to those who have listed their equity shares or are in process of getting shares listed in relation to transfer ...
This comes at a time when both bank and non-financial players looking at this space actively
SBI will also take over Bharatiya Mahila Bank; merged entity will have asset base of Rs 37 lakh cr
The fear of theft is driving the home insurance buying in Indian cities, says Liberty Videocon General Insurance survey
Scheme also raises doubts on evergreening of loans by banks
Wholesale funding refers to funds borrowed by corporations, in high amounts, through financial institutions
Chadha will quit the bank effective July 17 and the lender will be announcing a successor in due course
The list includes embattled businessman Vijay Mallya's Kingfisher Airlines with an outstanding of Rs 597.44 crore
Insurers say India isn't ready from an accounting perspective for solvency these norms, which are to insurers, what Basel-III is ...
913 borrowers have been classified as wilful defaulters and they owe Rs 11,480 cr to the lender as of March 2016
Addresses some issues but not expected to be a game changer, say analysts; workability details also need to be out in place
New SDR norms allow promoters to manage debt-laden firms
This come when NBFCs too are getting increasingly active in the LAP space
Both Mundra and RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan have expressed their disappointment in the returning of the licences earlier
Bankers mull integrating corporate debt restructuring, JLF
The benefits include cashless claim settlement, universal international free phone number, worldwide emergency, medical and ...
Appointment comes within a month of RBS announcing its withdrawal from customer facing activities in India
Insurance regulator says these aggregators would be treated as insurance intermediaries
The capital to be raised will be added to bank's tier-II capital
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has set a deadline of March 2017 to clean up the bad loans on bank balance sheets.
'Cardless and PIN less' ATM was launched by the former Chairman of UIDAI, Nandan Nilekani
Bank's Chairman stresses on having appropriate resolution mechanisms to deal with the issue
Team has been formed under the supervision of associate and subsidiaries department, which is being headed by Managing Director, ...
Regulator has received six applications by foreign reinsurance majors for permit of direct business
SBI's board had submitted a proposal to the government for merging its five subsidiaries and Bhartiya Mahila Bank with itself
Opinion in the government is clearly divided on FSRASC's role in the appointment of RBI governor
Bankers say SDR has failed in its intended results and as such a new restructuring exercising is the need of the hour
The reserves had earlier touched a record high of $363.12 billion in the week to April 29
Forensic audit of individual cases will add a new dynamism in the entire debt recast process
However, the RBI did not cite any reason behind the cancellation of registrations
Tie-up to enable Star Health to leverage BOI branches network and huge customer base
The Bank will not look at high ticket advances in order to be careful and reduce NPA, says TMB Chairman S Annamalai
According to Moody's, increased provisioning will constrain profitability and limit internal capital generation
Says it leads to over-indebtedness of customers, results in default and spoils their credit history
This is the first political opposition to the proposed merger of SBI associate banks with the parent
John Nelson, Chairman of Lloyd's, said that they intend to begin small in India and would start off with a few syndicates and ...
Rajan yesterday said, 'There are certain allegations which are fundamentally wrong and baseless and addressing them would amount ...
Banks can add a spread component over and above the MCLR, depending on a customer's risk profile, limiting the transmission
Additional tax incentives were introduced for NPS in Budget, none were provided for pension policies from insurers
The mobile wallet player has been granted the in-principle approval for launching payments bank
This will be done through a self-network platform
Bank also committed to achieve target funding of 5,000 mw of clean energy
Murugappa Group surrendered its in-principal approval for payment banks two months back
Loans against property and affordable housing are seeing good traction, despite a slowing real estate market
RBI keeps repo rate unchanged at 6.5 % as concerns on inflation and liquidity remain
RBI is also looking at other technology-based systems, trends for sale of receivables and unified payment interface systems
RBI Governor Rajan also said that he was 'personally intrigued by all the letters I am supposed to have written' on the issue
Decision will be reached after discussions, the RBI Governor said in a statement
The RBI also signalled the prospect of another cut later this year if monsoon rains dampen upward pressure on food prices
Retains repo rate at 6.50% on the back of higher food inflation and expectations of rate action by US Fed
Tribunal's orders will set the final stage to hear arguments from both parties by the DRT
Govt to soon decide on SBI consolidation; Cabinet note moved, say sources
The FT report said the existence, size and investments of the highly profitable internal trading fund, which was set up three ...
HDFC Ergo General Insurance, the insurance arm of mortgage lender HDFC, has acquired L&T General Insurance for Rs 551 crore, ...
Scales down fund-raising plan by half compared to last year
The Reserve Bank of India had introduced the MCLR rates which became effective from April 1st to ensure that the rate of ...
RBI eased tier-I capital computing norms of PSU banks, by allowing them to add a of part revaluation gains on realty investments ...
This is the first green bond for Axis Bank within its $5 billion Medium Term Note (MTN) programme
The bank was currently in the midst of a trial-run of this upcoming initiative
The merger will create Rs 37-lakh crore banking behemoth with over 50 crore customers
Bets on falling interest rates, green shoots in the economy to boost credit offtake
Jaitley said the key discussion topics were credit flow, position of NPA's and banks expansion
He said PSBs made operating profits of Rs 1.40 lakh crore in 2015-16 indicating that their performance was not as bad as being ...
Fall in other provisions was due to heavy reduction in money set aside to cover for write-offs to Rs 125.22 crore from Rs 436.66 ...
Proposed small finance bank will focus on four key strategies including offering existing range of credit products
Jaitley also said that the government had earmarked Rs 25,000 crore for recapitalisation of state-owned banks
Two petitions voting against RBI Governor's second term exist, but they have garnered very less support
Finance Minister promises capital support to banks, attributes most NPAs in certain sectors to business losses
Currently, RBI mandates that banks should have a minimum tier-1 capital of 7% and total capital adequacy of 9%
Against the current infusion plans of Rs 25,000 crore, banks may seek more after they reported Rs 20,000 crore losses in FY16
The Finance Minister is set to have a meeting with CEOs of PSBs tomorrow to discuss challenges that face the sector
Jaitley would "review the overall performance of PSBs during financial year 2015-16
Retail inflation soared to 5.39% in April on higher food prices, reversing a downward trend seen in recent months
Says Governor must get full operational independence when it comes to pursuing targets on employment, growth and inflation
RBI is scheduled to hold its next monetary policy review on June 7
Currently offers working capital loans to SMEs including short-term funds, overdraft, loans against receivables and bill ...
Last month, the department had launched bank account based validation facility
Rajan concerned that the media reports and the rumours give the impression of it being a personality-driven contest, untrue and ...
First such consolidation in India's general insurance sector
Wants them to reach 70 per cent benchmark for provisions
The foreign partner has paid Rs 1,122 cr for the additional stake
RBI data show during Jan-March quarter bank credit of PSBs grew by a mere 1.4%
Central bank says number, frequency and impact of cyber attacks have increased manifold in recent past
To encourage infrastructure financing, RBI today eased norms for NBFCs to refinance such projects and provide longer repayment ...
SIAC will establish its office in the IFSC-GIFT, which will be instrumental in promoting SIAC's arbitration services to Indian ...
Senior govt official denies any such discussion took place
However, the hasty rise in retail inflation in April to 5.4 per cent confirms that the RBI's decision not to front-load a larger ...
The move paves the way for the initial public offering of the private-sector lender
The RBI chief is said to have written to PM Modi to relieve him of his duties after his term ends in September, Ananda Bazar ...
PM said to be 'proud' of Rajan and negative campaign will not affect his decision; may be offered a second term
Anil Agarwal, MD & Head of Asian Financial Research, Morgan Stanley, has had a negative view on public sector banks for the ...
Banks face the twin challenges of lower earnings due to muted credit growth and swelling of NPA provisions in FY16
Sinha says banking sector 'absolutely rock solid'
Bharat Banking tying up with states for vaious schemes and to provide microfinancing
PSBs (excluding SBI and its associates) have also been struggling with deposit accumulation in the same period
This rose from 516 products as on March 31, 2015, according to data from Life Insurance Council
Launched last year, SmartBuy is a marketplace that has tied-up with various merchants; bank's debit or credit card customers can ...
RBI said total foreign investment from all sources in the bank shall not exceed 62% of paid-up capital
Government has brought Bankruptcy Bill and given more freedom and transparency to the banking sector said Union MoS Finance Sinha
Winsome, a diamond firm promoted by Jatin Mehta, is being probed both by the Enforcement Directorate and CBI
Suggestions on discussion paper floated by RBI has to be submitted latest by today
RBI data shows at the end of March 31st 2015, SBI has had 2.96 lakh PoS terminals across country
S&P reduced the long-term issuer rating for Manipal-based Syndicate Bank to "BB+" from "BBB-"
The company, a joint venture between ICICI Bank and Britain's Prudential, plans to file its offer document with market regulator ...
Delay in launch because NPCI now working on a higher capacity financial technology infrastructure
A renewed strength in dollar predominantly prassurised the local unit
Click&Pay to issue Yes Bank sponsored mobile wallets and use bank's IMPS platform to process instant proximity transactions ...
Click&Pay will employ bank's IMPS platform to help it process instant proximity transactions
More than 30,000 of these terminals are contactless terminals
Country's largest bank SBI installed 4,222 ATMs against the target of 4,200
Report says retail inflation likely to moderate going forward and expected to decelerate to 4.5% by March 2017
Currently, Agriculture Ministry has empanelled 11 private sector companies and state-owned Agriculture Insurance Company to ...
Regulator has now come up with new set of norms for maintaining solvency ratio by insurance companies based on each line of ...
Membership to MDRT is based on agent productivity and includes criteria for commissions and premium
The gross non-performing assets (NPAs) and net NPAs as of March 31 have increased to 13.05% and 9.54%, respectively
However, benefits from merger including Bharatiya Mahila Bank will outweigh costs
Gross NPA as on March 31 cross Rs 30,049 cr; gross NPA ratio at 17.4%
There are total 56 Indian companies on the list, with Reliance Industries ranked highest among them at 121st place globally
Net interest income increased by 18.94%
Gross NPAs jumped to 9.4% as of March 31, from 5.84% in December
While there is nothing exciting in the results, investors have given a thumbs up to  the stock as they believe that the worst is ...
P2P lending allows an individual to lend/borrow money to/from other unrelated individuals without assistance from any financial ...
The statement comes in the wake of strong attack on Raghuram Rajan by BJP leader Subramanian Swamy
Pointing to the limited legal infrastructure at hand, rating agency Moody's on Thursday said banks in India may get limited help ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said finance companies will have to implement a debt-restructuring package, under the ...
RBI says the move will enhance the safety and security of transactions at ATMs
Aims to increase card acceptance infrastructure, fix interchange fee for credit cards
The contraventions are compounded and orders are issued imposing an amount to be paid by the applicant
Reserve Bank of India's asset quality review of large lenders shows under-reporting
UPI aims to transform the digital money segment; it is set to make money transfers as simple as sending text messages
SBI said it expects asset sales of up to Rs 2 trillion by Indian Industry as part of the clean-up process
The government will take a call on the appointment of its nominees to the Monetary Policy Committee
Falling Iran deposits, loan mix and stress in core sectors lead to high losses
Of the 11 licence holders, only eight  remain in the fray as concerns about profitability and rising competition are making them ...
Cholamandalam and Dilip Shanghvi had also announced they would surrender their licences
To shun exposure to steel, textile till these turn around
This is the bank's third straight quarterly loss; reports record loss of Rs 6,089 cr for FY16, highest among PSU banks
The decision to take a cut in variable pay came after the Q4FY16 results when the lender reported a decline in its net profit ...
The bonds got oversubscribed by 2.2 times, which prompted the bank to revise down the price, it said
This was on account of transfer of policyholders' surplus to shareholders' account by Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance
Most banks complain that without adequate user fees, ATMs are a loss-making business for them
The minister said she has already taken up the matter with the Finance Ministry and written to the Central Bank on the issue
He said India's state-owned banks need to merge into half a dozen well-capitalised institutions that can underwrite economic ...
Unless banks get the confidence to lend, there is no way the economy will get the benefit of low interest rates
Private life insurers saw growth of 26% in their group business and only 13% in their individual business
IRDAI has opened up corporate agency channel wherein banks can tie-up with up to three life, three non-life and three standalone ...
At present, the banking regulator treats Exim Bank on a par with commercial banks for applying prudential norms
Three years' declining trend reversed
Axis Bank is the fifth domestic institution to sell green bonds
In a recent case, an idle account was used for transferring large funds without the knowledge of the accounts holder
RBI is also concerned about the mis-selling of products by banks
Facilitates getting insurance information and services instantly by simply sending a tweet at Bajaj Allianz Twitter handle with ...
Rare strategic debt restructuring case where lenders seem to be finding a buyer for stake in the truck maker
Godrej's remarks comes at a time when there is speculation over Rajan's future
A research report by India Infoline adds that the shift to shorter tenure products will help in ensuring a robust asset quality ...
About 60% of new branches would be coming up in semi-urban and rural areas and the remaining in urban areas
Currently, 1.30 cr subscribers are registered under various schemes under NPS regulated by PFRDA
Microfinance firms were able to increase their portfolio substantially, even as one of the biggest micro-lender Bandhan was ...
Bank Boards Bureau chairman says mechanism will be in place by June 15
Shanghvi, IDFC Bank and Telenor Financial Services expressed interest in coming together to establish a niche bank
NPA provisions balloon to Rs 4,275 cr
Says cleaning up the balance sheet before consolidation is the only way to arrive at a fair valuation
Mundra says banks should increase the provision coverage ratio instead of chasing profitability
The company did not attribute any reasons for the massive drop in profits
The entire thing will be rolled out in a fortnight, Rai said without giving much details of it
The employees of all the associate banks of SBI are protesting under the banner of All India Bank Employees Association
The global credit rating agency says that the merger will have limited impact on bank's credit metrics
Lender could raise Rs 6K cr via Basel-III bonds
Tax filing, electrical service, alternate medical opinion and customer feedback getting incorporated into policy package offers
Smaller banks, say bankers and analysts, using a loophole in how RBI communicated to banks to clean up their balance sheets
About 300 employees might be hit by closure of 24 branches
The gems and jewellery sector claimed worth Rs 871 crore in the financial year 2015-16
Rising bad loans continued to haunt public sector banks (PSBs) in the March 2016 quarter.
As they complied with the Reserve Bank ...
Four branches in Chhattisgarh will take total to 13; MP to get nine more branches to take total to 25
The bank had reported a net loss of Rs 2,158 crore for the March quarter due to over threefold rise in provisions for bad loans
The regulator said the Board will have to look at a broad range of areas such as overall direction of business of the insurance ...
Rs 5,367-crore quarterly loss highest by an Indian bank; loans of over Rs 30,000 crore put on watchlist; stock up 3 per cent
PNB Housing Finance, in which the bank currently holds 51%, is set to gor for an IPO later this year
Though an official clarified that UPI wasn't launched to take on wallet players, their exclusion seems to indicate otherwise
The bank's provision during the quarter doubled to Rs 1,960.20 cr, against Rs 926.49 cr a year ago
Motor, health allowed higher expenses than other categories; heavy penalties if limits are exceeded
For segments like health, motor and liability, insurer would be required to maintain a higher solvency ratio
Irdai said while laying down the projections, the boards must address the expectations of the shareholders and the policyholders
According to reports, HDFC Standard Life and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance companies have approached the insurance regulator ...
Punjab National Bank had an exposure of Rs 800 crore to the Mallya promoted Kingfisher Airlines
the NPA rate is highest in the case of agriculture term loans at 16.97%
Debt Recovery Tribunals have powers of a civil court under Civil Procedure Code, 1908
Irdai puts total foreign investment in insurance sector at Rs 15,000 cr in past one year due to hike in FDI limit
Launches Express Claims Service as it looks to ensure timely & professional claims support
The Central Board of Direct Taxes whenever such requests are made they should be backed by "evidence"
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans rose to 12.9% in March from 8.47% in December
Lack of clarity on valuations, possible increase in operating costs will weigh on SBI stock, say analysts
Five associates, Mahila Bank to push up assets to Rs 37 lakh crore, merger may be completed in FY17; unions call strike on May 20
Instruments issued by eight states that have accumulated liability of Rs 2,05,010 cr as on September 30, 2015
This is because of a write-off of Rs 883 crore for a major fraud at three of its branches
According to sources, the bank expects about Rs 1,000 crore from the stake sale
Reliance General Insurance is now offering specialised services to the home insurance customers
Higher NPAs, provisioning pull bank into red; a year ago, it had posed a profit of Rs 105.52 crore
Despite opposition and protest by all the AIBEA's Workman Directors and a few other independent directors about the proposal and ...
Because of Rajan's policies, the banking system has mustered enough courage to disclose their toxic assets
The move is against the decision to close down associate banks and merge them with SBI
Bank aim to stem any backlash that may happen from the investor community in the light of increasing bad loans in the industry
The bank decides to go slow on branch expansion
RBS said it had started informing their customers about their decision and how it would impact them
The candidates turned up for the day-long selection process at RBI's office in South Mumbai
SBI has produced documents showing authorised transfer of cash to Andhra Pradesh in police protection
The FPIs were earlier not allowed to invest in any kind of securitised debt instruments
Biggest offshore tech centre outside its headquarters
Emphasising that India was growing despite the global slowdown, Jaitley said the ability of the banks to lend was critical for ...
Its net NPAs also increased to 5.25% from 2.71% at the end of March 2015
The government will now have to use the consolidation angle to bring out all that has been hidden under the carpet by the banks
To a question whether Rajan is getting an extension, the FM quipped "these are not issues which we discuss through the media."
RBI Governor said this when asked for his views on Brexit at the Chicago Booth School, London
Net interest income grew only five per cent year-on-year at Rs 3,330 cr, missing Bloomberg estimates of Rs 3,731 cr
To look into various issues related to NPAs and ways to rein them
The Capital to Risk Asset Ratio, an indicator of bank's capital adequacy, could decline to 10.4% by March 2017, it said
The possibility of NPAs to subsequently improve to 5.2% by March 2017
In FY17, MTP premiums went up by increase of 10-40% from April 1 in private cars and two-wheeler segment
Approvals come after after the government increased the FDI cap in the sector to 49% from 26%
The district magistrate gave an order in favour of banks to take physical possession of the Kingfisher Villa in Panaji town
The rupee has dropped by 21 paise or 0.32 per cent in the last two days
Weighed down by stressed assets and provisions, the bottom line of six public sector banks came under pressure in the fourth ...
According to Rai, consolidation of banks is a 'secondary' issue and bad loans, vacant management positions are  priorities
Gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans increased to 8.70% in March quarter from 7.05% in December quarter
Provisions zoomed up to Rs 6,857 crore from Rs 1,817 crore in the year ago period, on the back of gross NPA ratio moving up
The company reported a net loss of Rs 3,230 crores
Rajan also rejected calls for any immediate privatisation of public sector banks
Banks lent Rs 15,868.66 cr crop loan and Rs 1,915.36 cr term loan during the period
SUD Life (Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance), a joint venture between Bank of India, Union Bank of India and the Japan-based ...
Promoted by PTC India, PFS is a Non-Banking Finance Company
Shares fell over 3% in early trade after the bank posted a net loss of Rs 119.84 crore
Equity investment in UK & Canada drops from 11.8% in FY10 to 4.8% in FY16
Banks Board Bureau to meet heads of public sector banks today to discuss bad loans issue
The Code of Bank's Commitment to Customers could also include some advice regarding capping of charges
Once the norms are approved, insurance companies will be able to sell simple products without lengthy forms or documentation
Kotak said both debt recovery tribunals and debt recovery appellate tribunals are "bottlenecks" that take time
Permission of RBI will also be required for opening a BO/LO/PO in Jammu and Kashmir, North East region and Andaman and Nicobar ...
Retains the cap on foreign ownership at 74%
According to the PSS Act, 2007, it is mandatory to seek authorisation from the Reserve Bank to commence or operate a payment ...
The central bank released a discussion paper on the framework for enhancing credit supply to large borrowers; move to help ...
The government had infused around Rs 690 crore in the public sector lender
Banks' loan growth at 10.7% in last fiscal year ended March 31, was slowest in nearly two decades
Said policy formulation in an emerging market like India is a fairly basic economics task as such
Move is to protest implementation of banking reforms; asks Centre & RBI to take criminal action against willful defaulters
On a consolidated basis, profit grew to Rs 1,055 cr against Rs 913 cr in Q4FY15
China, Russia are depositing gold in reserves
He said greater demand on banks to hold capital in the post-financial crisis scenario has come at a cost
Bank says it has cleaned balance sheet on major stressed sectors & decided to position as mid sized bank with focus on retail
The bank had posted a net loss of Rs 178.4 cr in the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year
RBI asks customers to approach banking ombudsman if banks impose penalty for not maintaining minimum balance, The Times of India ...
Firms are from iron, steel, power sectors
Aims to issue 0.4 million cards every month
Says India can follow the same rules in about a decade
Says many emerging markets have already been taking steps to help their neighbours
Jain's role in the new company will be as an investor and a mentor, while the entire operation will be headed by his ex-colleague ...
Data shows that Rs 2,25,000 crores worth assets are NPA.
Analysts say the disclosures by Axis Bank give better clarity on earnings going ahead
The study was conducted by TRA Research
However, the government has not taken a final call and is yet to inform Rajan
I-T department is investigating 20 listed companies suspected to have falsely claimed long-term capital gains tax exemption
New Development Bank president K V Kamath says the processes of economic growth and asset resolution will take care of the bad ...
Loans given to iron and steel and the power sector are the highest contributors to the watch list
Report says domestic companies, particularly those in the cement, fertiliser, trading and finance are now less dependent on ...
Only a fraction of defaulting loans is reported to central databases; what is made available for public scrutiny would be even ...
LIC reported positive growth in APE for the first time in the past six years
What differentiates Rajan from his predecessors is his proactive steps in anticipating a problem and coming up with ...
Document says mobile wallet services, such as Paytm, SBI's Buddy, ICICI Bank's Pockets and HDFC Bank's Chillr, will be hit
Prevailing drought situation has been a major problem causing shortage of water across the country
Japanese financial services major says there are multiple laws dealing with insolvency in India which lead to delays
He also said that a new mechanism is being put in place for out-of-court settlement of bad loan-related disputes
RBI governor says entrepreneurship in the country should not be killed
The management has provided for Rs 1,023 crore in provisions and contingencies, an increase of 37.2% over Rs 818 crore in the ...
Max Bupa to offer its comprehensive health insurance to Bank of Baroda's customers across the country
Deal enables faster, hassle-free online inward remittances; NAB to be its main banking correspondent in Australia
NBFCs gear up to apply for on-tap bank licences
As insurance companies rush to take advantage of a change in ownership rules.
Bank aims to provide foreign currency funding facility to its Indian clients from the GIFT City
Bank to continue focus on lending to retail and SME; with a CAR of 14.11%, it does not need fresh capital till Sept 2017
RBI's draft guidelines want 60% of a group's income from financial services
ICICI Bank is the first Indian bank to sign an MoU with NDB
Banks that had lent cash for subscribing to FCNR scheme would now pull back loans and at the same time, the RBI will pay the ...
Bankers say they are able to play on risk premium and offer differential pricing to customers under MCLR
The solution will enable customers to make digital payments at offline stores by scanning a QR code on their smartphones
The valuation would be based on the performance in 2015-16
Exploring legal steps to bring back promoter to India from Dubai
Importers are willing to hedge in the one-month basket, and exporters, too, are selling dollars for the near future, say currency ...
RBI and the Central Bank of UAE will consider signing a bilateral Currency Swap Agreement
Several banks including country's largest lender SBI have announced changes in their MCLR rates
Rs 1.73 lakh cr of public sector bank money stuck in top 100 non-performing accounts as of Dec 2015
Aviva bought additional 23% stake for Rs 940 cr
Sinha said there was no official estimation of the amount of unaccounted money sent to foreign countries by Indians
SFBs need to maintain 75% of adjusted net bank credit as their PSL target
Several urban-centric P2P lenders such as Faircent and i-lend have seen a brisk growth in a very short span of time
The bank opens its first global banking unit in GIFT at Gujarat
FinMin data shows SBI tops list with Rs 11,705 crore in wilful defaults, followed closely by Punjab National Bank, with Rs ...
Jayant Sinha said 87% transaction happens in India in cash, which increases cost of handling besides inconvenience
Insurer Aviva has taken an additional 23% share in Aviva Life Insurance Company India from joint venture partner Dabur Invest
Call money rate has fallen to around 6.5%, which is also RBI's policy rate
Its total assets grew by 14% to Rs 2, 88,753 crore in FY16 from Rs 2, 53,952 crore in FY15
Interest rates for women borrowers now stands at 9.35%; for other borrowers, it is 9.40%
By the new standards, all over-the-counter derivatives should be traded on exchanges
The bank decided not to undertake any strategic debt restructuring or refinancing under the 5/25 scheme
With the rising pressure on asset quality, the lenders had to set aside a higher amount of provisioning, impacting their profit
Plans to offer solutions around data, security applications and analytics
The Governor had submitted his report to the Public Accounts Committee and put the blame on 'overall economic downturn'
Total income down 5.64% to Rs 3,907 crore on the back of interest reversals towards fresh NPAs
For the full financial year, profit sharply declined to Rs 486.42 cr, from Rs 1057.81 cr in 2014-15 financial year
Performance bonus would however be paid to employees in grades of Deputy General Manager and below
Micro-lender says that the identification process for such new banks has already begun
Surge in bad assets has led to concerns over ability of banking system to support the economy's finance needs says DBS CEO
These public sector banks were granted permission to raise funds in December 2014
In the last three years, loan book has doubled from Rs 47,000 cr to Rs 1 lakh cr
RBI's proactive measures get credit for removing much of the worry
Biggest drop in quarterly profit, after setting aside reserves on top of NPAs to cushion future defaults
The decision comes at a time when the bank is reeling under bad loans
The Chennai-based microfinance company went for an Rs 2,170-cr IPO earlier this month
ICICI Bank's board of directors has agreed to sell a part of its shareholding in ICICI Prudential Life
There were projects which needed fresh capital, new management and new promoters, but banks were wary of raising their ...
Ramkumar has decided to take an early retirement
Gross NPAs of PSBs rose to Rs 3.61 lakh crore at the end of December 2015
The gross NPAs or bad loans were 4.82% of the gross advances as of March, slightly up from 4.14% a year ago
Despite 65 per cent of its loan book in the corporate sector, Yes Bank has managed to keep its NPAs low, which needs appreciation
The senior management of the bank said that they could act better if there is govt support.
Industrialist tells Financial Times in an interview that he has been living in forced exile
Business Standard explains the concept of P2P lending and its implications on the financial sector
Four of the five external members of the panel recommended a reduction in the policy repo rate
The platform owners & investors hail the move as regulation gives RBI's stamp of approval to a business that is completely ...
Rajan said the multilateral institution is more likely to find innovations in developed market economies as "appropriate"
The Reserve Bank today said banks need not report their compliance to Jilani Committee recommendations, related to frauds and ...
Of the total borrowings during the month, $201.05 mn was raised through approval route, while $1.32 bn came through the automatic ...
Banking law caps voting rights at 10% and insurer's holding is over this limit in 18 banks
Nabard says the expansion of banking network in Left Wing Extremist-affected districts is critical for the empowerment of people ...
It will bring borrower and lender together without the lending or borrowing getting reflected on its balance sheet
The issue was opened on April 18, 2016 and closed on April 27, 2016
It has no plans to enter the Indian market
Finance ministry asks bank to improve recoveries, which is set to hold significant weightage in capital allocation, The Economic ...
UK-based development finance institution to invest $750 million in 3 years
Net Interest Margin, a key indicator of bank's profitability, expanded to 3.4% as compared to 3.2% in the quarter ended December
NPA experienced a decline in the fourth quarter of FY16.
Constantly trying to better your credit score is the only way to get better borrowing capacity
The bank today reported 27.42% rise in standalone net profit at Rs 702.11 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 2016
On the asset quality front, the bank's net NPAs, or bad loans, increased to 0.29% of total advances in the March quarter
Centre, RBI to file replies; matter adjourned to July
Provisioning jumps 64% for bad loans , whose level expected to stay elevated
At present, corporate loans consist 95 per cent of total credit while retail loans are just about 5 per cent
Among PSBs, SBI and IDBI Bank have two such accounts with loan outstanding of Rs 7,510 crore and Rs 2,802 crore
He said there are at present times several congruent factors that indicate that consolidation in Indian banking scene has its ...
Aims to woo mass-market retail customers; still awaiting nod from RBI on converting to wholly-owned subsidiary
They are tying up with co-op banks, MFIs and small finance banks in order to sell their products through touch points of these ...
The bank owns more than 268 properties having total value of more than Rs 4,800 crore
The reverse merger,  which is necessary to meet regulatory norms, would be that of Ujjivan Financial Services and its banking ...
Higher provision for bad debts largely to iron and steel industry erodes bottom line
Provisions for bad loans shot up to Rs 520 crore from Rs 90 crore
RBI had asked banks to price fixed rate loans of up to three years based on marginal cost of funds from April 1
The rating agency is of the view that it will take a strong economic growth for the overall debt burden to fall
The value of the transaction is Rs 2,055 crore for the additional 23% stake
Deputy governor says decision on how to regulate the fast-growing lending marketplace will be taken based on it
Aims to expand business to reduce concentration risk from gold loan book
The bonds with a tenor of five years, have April 26, 2021, as the redemption date
Capital Small Finance Bank opens 10 branches in Punjab; to add nine more in FY17
The latest available public figures, published by RBI on its website under the RTI Act, are for the period of June-July 2015
NBFC's contribution to the economy has grown from 8.4% in 2006 to above 14% in March last year
In the preceding two quarters, gross NPAs were 7.98% and 7.86% respectively
The insurer has launched a personal health wallet with an aim to motivate people to not only buy health insurance but also stay ...
Of the 215 million new accounts opened, only 1.8 million have availed of overdraft facilities
Interview with managing director, Shriram Life Insurance
Association to hold road shows in several cities, says govt trying to save defaulters by going for privatisation
A tangible decision is selection of MDs.
We will start that immediately: Vinod Rai
Sarvjit Singh Samra's Capital Local Area Bank will become the country's first small finance lender on Sunday with a new name, ...
Lender says corrective steps taken to keep asset quality stable; provisions increased to offset rise in loan book
Economists believe Raghuram Rajan is likely to stay on as India's central bank governor after his term ends in September,  a ...
IDBI Bank Managing Director and CEO said there is no proposal from L&T Finance for merger
Those with bank promoters or bancassurance pacts with large banks have been at an advantage compared to those without such ...
Banking regulator has trimmed the list of companies whose loans have to be provided for against risk of failure to pay up in the ...
This will help ease the burden on banks to some extent and support their bottom line
Amalgamation should be approved by the boards of these banks by two-thirds majority
Overall retail loans increased by 17% in 2015, says Equifax's India Consumer Credit Trends
Centrum Capital is looking to grow SME book to Rs 5,000 cr in five years
Foreign shareholding to come down to 45%, from 77%
The apex bank had communicated its decision to banks via individual letters sent on Wednesday.
Central bank drops 20 firms, including Jaiprakash Associates and Coastal Energen, from the initial list of 150 companies
A full text of RBI Governor's convocation address at National Institute of Bank Management, Pune
Lenders taking up incubator-style roles with small investments in start-ups
Says intent was to signal that India's outperformance was accentuated due to low global growth; apologises for hurting sentiments ...
The cacophony of uninformed voices should not impact decision making process of bank executives
However, if done methodically, with an eye on regional presence, it could provide a hedge against asset quality issues in the ...
The forthcoming IPO of HDFC Standard Life will lead to higher value unlocking for the company.
HDFC announced on Tuesday that it had initiated the process for an IPO in HDFC Life, by offloading 10% of its stake
It had led to unrest and violent protest in Bengaluru.
Deal marks MUDRA's maiden exposure to securitisation
Said the issue of bad loans gets loaded with morality and it is necessary to keep criminal liability separate for putting the ...
Through the branch, RBL will offer startups banking services around foreign exchange, remittances and cash management
The life insurance sector has faced a challenge of agents leaving the profession
State gives data to banks for reconciliation
Siddhivinayak to deposit 44 kg gold ornaments with State Bank of India
To sell 10% in HDFC Life
In New York, the RBI governor said that morality should be separated from the NPA clean-up
The central bank will also try to provide "better communication of the debt management policy to avoid uncertainty in the minds ...
The firm has crossed Rs 50,000 crore worth bill payments cumulatively during 2006-2016
Regulator has been processing applications of four foreign firms that want to open branches in the country
The RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said that the NPA clean-up is simply about whether the loan is 'performing or not performing'
Data shows that tLIC saw 1,02,044 agents exit in FY16 while its private counterparts made an addition of 50,766 agents
ED likely to send request to CBI for Interpol notice within a week
The country's largest lender would soon finalise business targets for the current financial year (2016-17) and conduct a ...
Speaking out against banks being "goaded" to focus only on the retail segment, SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya today ...
30-odd banks led by the State Bank of India are now staring at heavy losses from the unfolding food scam in Punjab
Under normal circumstances, banks should make provision immediately when a fraud is detected
Arundhati Bhattacharya said that neither payment banks nor small finance banks seem to have yet devised a business model that can ...
As revenue intelligence and central security agencies looking into money laundering and financial fraud cases.
The key to neutralising rupee volatility lies in the inflation targeting mandate of the new monetary policy framework that guides ...
The BIS proposal assumes significance amid efforts from Indian banks and other authorities to recover loans from wilful
Banks have started classifying non-viable loans as bad assets as per RBI norms, which has started impacting their balance sheet
I think we have still to get to a place where we feel satisfied: Raghuram Rajan
Await go-ahead signal from ministry of agriculture for their use
RBI report says 30% of state-level public enterprises are incurring losses, and are adversely impacting state ?nances
Gross NPA down to 1.51% of gross advances, from 1.76% in the same quarter last year
The RBI deputy governor said rural credit distribution imbalance is another problem that affects rural development
Total income of the company grew 19.86% to Rs 509.56 crore, from Rs 425.12 crore a year ago
ICICI Bank's CEO and MD advice to her daughter on how to deal with situations in life
Other lenders such as YES Bank, IndusInd Bank, RBL Bank offer more than 4% on savings bank account
A company can invest up to a certain percentage of its net worth (equity plus reserves) in overseas subsidiaries and, hence, ...
This despite a $1 bn drop in remittances from previous year
Contrary to popular perception, health insurance is rarely expensive and claims are usually paid by the insurers
Financial assistance for agriculture and rural development in 2015-16 had been significantly less
Proposed banks want to work in hub-and-spoke model, with permission to convert some of offices into customer service centres
Toe cautious line on making defaulter name public
Lenders expect some of these start-ups to balloon into large companies in years to come
The central bank, however, cautioned that the foreign exchange reserve could see some dip in the interim
City Union and Karur Vysya among preferred picks; valuation gap with larger peers seen narrowing
It has also reduced base rate by 5 basis points to 9.45% from existing 9.50%
Since December last year, the system was under pressure as the govt did not infuse the advanced tax money into the system
Reserve Bank had submitted a list of individuals and companies which had defaulted on bank loans of over Rs 500 cr to the apex ...
Of the 29 banks that have tied up with the National Payments Corporation of India, only 10 are ready with the app for the service
As hedge funds abandon dollar wagers, investors and strategists have lowered their outlooks for the currency
The new deposit rates will be effective April 12, the bank said
Main reason of banks facing shortage of funds is sluggish deposit at ASCB with meagre growth of 9.9%
To revamp asset book; assets on the block include loans, proprietary bond and equity investments in China, Indonesia and Malaysia
Unified Payments Interface launched to simplify mobile banking
Insurers expecting some upward movement due to claims will now have to provide cover at the same cost
Central bank looking at exploring more niche banks like custodian banks, wholesale banks and long-term financing banks
As UPI gets popular, cash transactions will come down as most small payments will be routed through this
PFC planning to raise Rs 42, 000 cr in AAA-rated long-term funds and Rs 8, 000 cr in A1+ short term money
The inflows were $32.96 billion during April-February 2014-15
It is closing the Indian business after failing to find a buyer
Elevated provisioning for bad loans and a slow pick-up in credit demand are larger concerns
In August last year, RBI had given in-principle to the company, which operates under brand name of Airtel Money
The RBI said furnishing the requested information will disproportionately divert the resources of the public authority
He said they really don't need our money, they never send out e-mails asking for payments
Constitute nearly 1/3rd of total write-offs in some cases; SBI's recovery stood at Rs 11,566 crore against a write off of Rs ...
Revoking passport, non-bailable warrant or action under Prevention of Money Laundering Act on the cards
Said that the market will take between three to five years to develop given the huge financing demand from the infrastructure ...
To exhort employees to invest part of 7th Pay Commission salary hike in proposed fund
Mallya's settlement offer has already been rejected by banks, who want something concrete on the table
As per norms, matter of granting sanction for prosecution has to be decided within four months
Slated to be launched next week, the Unified Payments Interface aims to revolutionise the payments space
Customers will be able to choose hospitals based on location preferences, specialities and empanelment with insurance companies
The company had clocked Rs 1,470 crore worth of GWP in 2014-15, the city-based company said
Economic Affairs Secretary says India is moving towards a low interest rate regime
PSU banks seen leading 22% decline in post-tax profits, sharp rise in NPA
As part of revamp of public lenders, a proposal was made to consolidate the existing 27 PSBs into ten
India's foreign exchange reserves surged by a whopping USD 4.2 billion to touch a record high of USD 359.759 billion in the week ...
Allowing gilt account holders in NDS-OM can be a game changer if certain impediments are removed
He said banks are now expected to do effective transmission of rates in light of the recent monetary policy easing by RBI
Cuts of 10 bps, effective April 1, due to MCLR regime
Bureau is a temporary arrangement to be transitioned into a Bank Investment Company that would act as a holding company for all ...
The report says there are some areas of concern regarding the impact of UDAY on state finances over the medium term
Rajan has been making a case for global coordination from different central banks in their monetary policy formulation
The goal of PSLCs is to allow the market mechanism to drive priority sector lending by leveraging the comparative strength of ...
Recovery proceeding a to stay on course; lenders to make sure that Mallya does not use delaying tactics
Lenders say they cannot forego principal amount; court grants Mallya time till April 21 to respond
The first criminal complaint against the two firms and its directors was registered by the CBI in 2014
SBI chairman says transmission only after deposit rates come down
Yields on the 10-year bond closed flat on Wednesday from Tuesday's 7.46 per cent
The market borrowings also include the funds raised through tax-free bonds
Move comes at a time when the asset quality pressure in the bank has intensified
Has entered into a multi-project financing arrangement with Pune-based Marvel Developers
Plans to review interest rates that it's been offering higher by at least 50 basis points on an average
Borrowers should expect only 25 basis point reduction within a month
Says having foreign accounts is not an offence per se
Comments come on the back of central bank's steps to ensure more liquidity in the banking system
Top quotes from RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's post-policy press conference
Analysts expect the central bank to cut the repo rate to 6.50%, the lowest till January 2011
Of the Rs 24.25 lakh crore, 21 per cent or Rs 4.9 lakh crore went into equity investments, while the rest went into debt
Bankers say outward remittances is confusing but can still be attributed to perception of stability in Indian economy
It has affirmed both long-term foreign and domestic currency issuer rating at "BBB+". The outlook of the ratings is stable
Will apply 'selective approach to incremental business' in its corporate book
Shares of the bank were trading 1.18% up at Rs 865.80 apiece on BSE
The IPO will bring down the company's foreign holding from the present 93% to 35% and therefore allow it to operate as an SFB
Cases across the country against defaulters who owe over Rs 1 crore each, reveal CIBIL data
It has also posted the highest collection in property tax in five years, with an increase of 20% over its haul previous year
For one year loan, interest rate will be 9.55% while for two years it is going to be 9.65%
The general insurance industry has renewed Rs 75,000 cr business on April 1 at the previous year's premium levels
Customers can now transact in the ATM using their biometric details
Bankers said high interest rate could make Indian economy sluggish given that inflation is around 5%
Users can key-in 12-digit Aadhaar number, but when confirming identity, it requires biometric details rather than PIN
RBI looking to monitor sector as it's gaining momentum with several online players setting shops
Will look at similar themes in future; Foundation will be implementing them
Fresh actuaries from Institute of Actuaries of India can be absorbed in insurance firms if an experienced actuary officially ...
Bonds with a face value of Rs 10 lakh each carry a coupon rate of 11.25 a year
Customers can view expected waiting time at a branch, number of customers waiting and distance to the branch from point of
The bank's Managing Director and CEO Jayarama Bhat has envisaged an overall growth of 18.6% in the business
Has started reducing FII shares, merging subsidiaries and establishing IT systems to comply with RBI regulations
Bankers and analysts say the policy change is conductive in the long run for companies to use the ECB route
Insurance giant through its branches, JV firms, wholly-owned subsidiary, is present in 14 countries
RBI had asked banks to price fixed rate loans of up to three years based on marginal cost of funds from April 1
It pointed out smart devices will grow in importance, take their place alongside cards (debit/ credit/ATM) as primary medium for ...
An onshore branch to provide local access to Lloyd's underwriting and reinsurance solutions for specialist risks, including ...
In August last year, HDFC had said it will sell 9% stake in HDFC Life to Standard Life for a little over Rs 1,700 crore
Plan to go on dharna as well as a strike in May
CRISIL assigns AAA/Stable rating to bond issuance; rating on bank's other debt instruments reaffirmed at AAA/Stable
With the help of i-MoSS, company expects on-the-spot conclusion of 70% of its motor insurance claims
Earlier, only up to 26 per cent FDI was permitted through the automatic approval route
The overnight MCLR rate of seven large banks, including SBI, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, varied between 8.95% (SBI) to ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in consultation with the government of India has decided to delegate the powers for permitting clean ...
The insurance industry's actual growth is not only measured by new business premiums in life insurance, but also by the number of ...
New Loan pricing regime kicks in from April
SBI will charge an annual interest of 9.2% for loans of 1-year tenor, 9.3% for 2-year tenor, 9.35% for 3-year tenor
The coupon rate on the bonds with a tenure of 10 years is fixed at 8.45%.
PSB execs say mere submission of plans for payment in six months won't satisfy lenders as time horizon is too long
The individual limit of borrowing under the automatic route is $750 million
The apex bank's take on other issues such as liquidity & transmission are gaining paramount importance in the economy
United Bank of India will get Rs 480 crore while Vijaya Bank will get fund infusion of Rs 220 crore
India's total economic losses from all disasters, natural and man-made, exceeded $6.2 bn in 2015
This is part of the govt's plan to infuse Rs 5,050 crore in PSU banks.
Liquor baron offers to pay the amount by September 2016; SC asks banks to respond within a week
This is part of the government's plan to infuse Rs 5,050 crore in public sector banks
Regulator cites adverse impact to business and employees as reasons, according to a report in The Times of India
Benchmark rate for new loans to be lower by 80-90 bps from Friday; move could increase competition but hit commercial papers
FPIs can also invest up to Rs 14,000 crore in state development loans, from Rs 7,000 crore now
From next month, all banks will follow the Marginal Cost of Funds-based Lending Rate system
Under UDAY, 75 per cent of the outstanding debt of the discoms, estimated at Rs 4 lakh crore, will be taken over by state ...
While proposals for covers in volatile markets aren't denied, premiums are much higher - by as much as 100-600%
The micro ATM device provides basic banking services to remote rural areas
The Madras High Court has issued an order restraining various organisations which are protesting against the centre's stake ...
Previously all fixed-rate loans had been exempted from being set based on their marginal cost of funding
This is part of government's plans to infuse Rs 5,050 crore in the public sector banks
Bank employees raised 'privatisation' issue, following which labour authorities held conciliation talks from March 21 to 24, ...
Raghuram Rajan on February 2, left the key interest rate unchanged citing inflation risks and growth concerns
Jaitley, who is on the on a four-day visit to Australia, said that banks have to play their role in achieving higher growth
Decision pertains to foreign travel policies and health policies issued by Indian insurers covering medical treatment or ...
It will be part of the Rs 25,000 crore capital infusion plan earmarked for the current fiscal
Third-party motor premium is regulated by Irdai and revised yearly, based on inflation and claims
Syndicates granted approval not to be given preference in reinsurance contracts for 3 years, unless they have got approval for ...
It claimed none of their services were disrupted in nationwide strike except in Karnataka, where High Court  asked unions not to ...
Under the scheme, Centre allows state governments, which own discoms, to take over 75% of debt as of September 30, 2015 in 2 ...
Their services will also extend to foreigners travelling to India on a travel policy issued by a foreign insurers
Arun Jaitley said that banks have certain collaterals of group companies of Vijay Mallya and will take legal action to recover ...
Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh opposed to govt move; unions want assurance, full consultations
Attacks Congress for 'opening banks for the rich during its rule'
The bank has around 17,500 employees
They are protesting against the government's plan to pare its stake in the lender
After it becomes operational,  8-10% of claims now being handled by external agencies will be processed by the new body
Strike was planned over the Centre's proposal to cut its shareholding to less than 50%
Regulator has barred insurers from refusing to cover this risk
Proposed entity to have deposit base of Rs 3,578 crore
Bancassurance deals are expected to be finalised in the next few weeks
Available in denominations, 5, 10 and 20 grams, the coins are distributed through limited branches, IOB said in a statement
For maturities from 31 days to 45 days, the bank has cut interest rate from six per cent to 5.5 per cent for deposits below Rs 1 ...
A senior finance ministry official said the process to fill vacancies of non-executive chairman in nine state-run banks was ...
It also urges the government reconsider its proposal to reduce equity stake in IDBI Bank to below 50%
Aspirants that will be entering banking arena this year have decided to go for a deeper scrutiny before hiring key personnel
The unions discussed problems relating to violation of bipartite settlement
To surrender RBI's in-principle approval
Last month, the firm had said that three of its lenders, including IDBI Bank have decided to convert loans worth Rs 22.25 crore ...
Provides exemption to branches of foreign banks from submitting statement with regard to foreign currency
The upper age limit for the mentor will be 75 years
Three funds raise $1.62 bn in the past 3 months as the Reserve Bank of India and government put pressure on banks
Demand for staff's anti-fraud training increases
Oriental Insurance had rejected the Rs 189 cr claim arising out of a fire at LT's Madhya Pradesh mill in 2014
IDBI Bank will continue with the strike call, bank operations will be hit by agitation
New India Assurance may be first off the block for IPO in FY 17
According to corporate agency rules, banks can tie up with up to three life, three non-life and three standalone health insurers ...
The state-owned insurers have about 300,000 agents that sell insurance products in rural and urban areas
Jaitley says a veil of some of security around farmer needs to be put, especially due to the inadequate monsoons faced in the ...
The NBFC is expecting to garner a share of up to 5% in the next five years of this Rs 20,000 crore market
Last week, the public sector lender had raised Rs 3,000 crore on a private placement basis.
2013 foreign currency non-resident deposits to mature in Sep-Nov
Investigators asked how the loan was given, which had poor financials and negative net worth
The state-run lender had earlier announced that it has approached the govt & LIC for infusion of equity capital through ...
IDBI Bank may be closed for an extra day if strike call by some officers, employees on March 28 (Monday) materialises
Declining inflation and a negative industrial outlook have strengthened the case for RBI to cut interest rate
Benchmark 10-year bond yield was down 3 bps at 7.49%, after earlier falling to 7.47% the lowest since July 2013
Reserve Bank could cut policy rates by 50 bps instead of 25
To provide insurers with easier access to data and faster settlement of claims
Market regulator currently discussing proposal with RBI and govt
More than 50% of the respondents are yet to plan or commence implementing changes at an organisational level
Govt yesterday cut deposit rates on host of small savings schemes
Lenders also foresee a higher flow of savings into capital markets through mutual funds and other instruments
SBI chief, at IIM-A convocation, suggests students to be an employer instead of being an employee as every month millions of ...
According to data available, of the 25,398 claims filed so far, 800 were rejected for fraud
An array of products are available in the market to ffer covers against unemployment, personal accident that could impact the ...
Credit grew 11.6 per cent year on year from 9 per cent in October
These allow an individual to lend money to unrelated ones without assistance from any financial intermediary
Gross NPAs of PSBs rose to Rs 3.61 lakh cr while that of private lenders were at Rs 39,859 cr at the end of Dec'15
Garigiparthy brings over 23 years' experience in financial services to the role and was most recently Regional Compliance Manager ...
Bank is currently evaluating issuance of long-term bonds in nature of debentures for lending to long-term projects in infra and ...
Gross NPA percentage could increase to 4.2-4.4% by year-end
Money from system flows to govt coffers as part of advance tax outflow
Agent attrition, insurance inertia and open architecture are the key challenges, say panelists
Finance Minister says govt agencies are going to take strong action against Mallya wherever he has violated the law
ICICI Bank can absorb higher level of credit cost due to better operating profitability
The changed norms relate to minimum participation criterion in the funds, advance ruling mechanism and diversified nature of the ...
LIC collected first year premiums of Rs 74,142 crore during this period, against Rs 62,635 crore a year ago, showing a growth of ...
In December 2011, Irdai had dismantled the commercial third-party motor pool
Bank executives said bilateral trade was of interest for these banks to have a presence in India
The facility of investing in G-Sec through ATM is an extension of Bank's Samriddhi G-Sec Portal
Collateral-free loans will get covered under Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana
SBI paid an advance tax of Rs 690 crore as against Rs 1,749 crore paid in the March quarter last fiscal
Manufacturing firms report higher figures for March quarter on early list
Currently, there are 16 ARCs in India; their assets under management were estimated at Rs 55,000 crore in June 2015
While PSU banks offer 4% interest on savings deposits, private players offer as much as 6%
Through virtual cards, customers can initiate electronic payments from NFC enabled smartphones by just waving their phones near a ...
For FY15, banks had written off 47 such accounts, totalling Rs 13,018 crore, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said in a ...
Banks have been asked by ED to submit all required details right from valuation, due-diligence and transactions
AUL's key institutional investors include International Finance Corporation, Warburg Pincus and Chryscapital
Govt asks lenders to focus on all defaulters not just high-profile ones
Investment will address growing opportunity arising from current stress in banking and corporate sectors
IDB also looking at starting interest-free banking in country
PMFBY will have actuarial yield-based scheme with provision for upfront premium subsidy to be released to insurers
The state government is inordinately delaying to come out with the notification of the extent of crop loss in Kharif 2015
Recent Chennai floods led to heavy losses for insurers to the tune of Rs 5,000 cr
SBI serves 50% of total defense pentioners; first tranche of arrear payment will be around Rs.1,465 crore
Chnaged RBI guidelines enable banks to recognise 45% of revaluation reserves to be included in CET1 capital
The IMF chief said the move to address the issue of bad loans head on was absolutely right
In life insurance, insurers are looking at hiring counsellors to help policyholders at the time of a death claim
From 2011 to 2015, the highest number of claims was from the 19-25 years age group
Christine Lagarde said the Indian govt was also moving to get a bankruptcy and insolvency law enacted
Public Investment Board has already approved the Rs 800-crore proposal of India Post
Rajan said well-defined process for identifying wilful defaulters is in place
Companies are fiinding it difficult to offer guaranteed returns as mandated by Irdai
The RBI chief said that the larger economies needed to be more aware of the risks of their monetary policies.
Gangs have been operational in the insurance space for a long time
The address comes in the backdrop of the govt's announcement of meeting the current year's fiscal deficit target and sticking to ...
MicroSave says 33% of customers claim this is not their first account
Dent in interest income due to new loan pricing regime, scheme to revive discoms may also shave off 10 bps from their net ...
The bank's provision cover for bad loans stands at 65%, much lower than similarly rated global peers
SBI Chairperson Arundhati said even though scheme has ended, they have been opening 60K to 70K accounts everyday with nominal ...
During this period, 14 employees who indulged in wrong- doings in depositing their employees' PF were also arrested
The agency said affirmation of the ratings also take into account SBI's strong liquidity and funding position
Stress in the corporate loan book of PSBs might result in weak assets ballooning to Rs 7.1 trillion by March 2017
Govt has asked banks to make the plans an integral part of their corporate strategies to widen reach of banking services
The liquor baron, in a series of tweets, justifies his decision to go abroad; says he will abide by the law
The market regulator plans to make it tougher for wilful defaulters to raise funds from the capital markets
Its plan offers 101% of the premiums paid as returns and offers a guaranteed loyalty addition if one chooses to be invested till ...
Kidwai will join as an independent non-executive director on the company's board
Predicts weak loans will grow to Rs 7.1 trillion in a year
Bank to work with them to strengthen their web, mobile and payment offerings
Irdai has allowed insurers to bring out long-term two-wheeler policy (both liability alone & package) for a maximum of three ...
Citibank took the decision despite having a large customer base, with most of the clients only availing the wealth management ...
A consortium of banks which lent to Kingfisher are currently involved in more than 20 cases in various courts, including the Debt ...
Irdai had recently proposed third-party insurance premia increase in the range of 9 to 30 per cent across categories
The bank also refuted media reports purportedly blaming SBI, for the crisis and termed these as based on 'hearsay and conjecture'
Gangs tie-up with former insurance sector employees to understand how claims process exactly works
From 2011-2015, the insurer's internal claims data showed that maximum claims are from the age group of 19 years and 25 years
Says vulnerabilities in corporate financial positions and public bank asset quality pose risks to the economic recovery
An eligible customer will get a subsidy at 6.5% pa on max Rs 6 lakh or loan amount, whichever is lower, for a max tenure of 15 ...
Fitch marked out addressing PSBs' asset quality and potential capital shortfalls as more immediate issues
Nafed, with outstanding amount of Rs 224 cr, named by Punjab National Bank; efforts on for one-time settlement
Inspired by start-ups, lender to have cross-functional roles
Affirms rating for deposits and bonds
Seeks public opinion in its concept paper on card acceptance infrastructure
PDMA was proposed to be set up as an autonomous agency that will act as an investment banker to the government
Internal unification, recovering bad loans are priorities for these lenders
In terms of asset quality, for instance, IOB and UCO Bank are the worst placed as they had the highest gross NPA
Several companies including IT, retail and FMCG rely on big data to detect fraud and improve productivity
Bank brass issues gag orders
Public sector bank Indian Bank has received approval from the Board of Directors to raise Tier II or additional Tier I Bonds for ...
During FY15, the company's premium income stood at Rs 11,235 crore, up by nearly 10%.
The agency is searching 10 locations, including bank branches and homes of bank employees
In Budget, FM announced plans for listing of four PSU general insurance firms; except for New India Assurance, none of the other ...
The requirement has been brought down from Rs 500 cr to Rs 178 crore
In 2014-15, the number of employees fell, even as the bank increased the number of branches from 2,402 to 2,589
Women in all roles, except those in direct customer facing roles, will be eligible for this initiative
Irrespective of RBI action , lenders need to catch up with transmission lag
Govt expects rise in FDI inflow to India owing to its attempts to liberalise trade and promote ease of doing business
Plan provides for life cover, savings and female specific critical illness benefits
In April last year, Japan's Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ became the first foreign bank in decades to open a branch in Myanmar
Jalandhar-based Capital Local Area Bank currently active as local area bank
Rs 40 lakh cash, rubber stamps of 44 companies, 15 PAN cards, pen-drives and hard discs connected to case recovered
Regulator aims to cut off access to capital markets, protecting small investor who may not know of default status
A CBI spokesperson said on Sunday that searches were carried out at the offices and residential premises of certain suspects
Norms come into force from April 1, will allow marketing of corporate products even before regulatory nod
As of December 2015, banks in India have over 1.93 lakh ATMs across the country
Jaitley says employee stock options, strengthening of recovery laws would be put on fast-track
Says the bank will leave no stone unturned to recover unpaid loans
More than 260 co-operative banks, with a network of over 2,000 branches across Gujarat, will come under this umbrella
Company sets up innovation lab to bring better solutions
Finance Minister says country needs stronger rather than large number of banks
RBI says banks have enough headroom to raise capital
IRDAI regulates third party motor premium that is revised each year based on inflation and claims
There is an overall aggregate ceiling of Rs 150 billion for all the securities in the basket put together, RBI said
He said the problem will continue till March 2017
Demand govt should strengthen forums like Debt Recovery Tribunal by giving teeth to them
Under new norms, banks can now include value of property while calculating its Tier-I or core capital base
Insurer to infuse Rs 200 cr into the bank
Seven months after the first Gyan Sangam, the government came out with a strategy, Indradhanush, to revive public sector banks
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said only non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) registered with the central bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said it had converted two securities maturing in 2016-17 and one security maturing in ...
India Post will send a proposal to RBI for its ATMs to work on the platforms of all other banks
The debt instruments are open for subscription for only those persons who are specifically addressed to apply
Services doesn't facilitate transactions per se, but generates encrypted messages for each deal, minimising chances of fraud
SBI wants him arrested and his passport impounded for Rs 7,800 cr defaulted loans
The three round of mines auction were held last year after the Supreme Court in 2014 cancelled the allotment of 204 coal blocks
Acquires 500,750 equity shares equivalent to 5.006% of paid-up capital
After the end of the window, the penalty will increase to 60% while 30% tax will also have to be paid
IiAS is a proxy advisory firm, which provides independent opinion, research and data on corporate governance issues
Three policymakers said they are combing through numbers to test how Jaitley struck a balance, and question some of the ...
IMF said the monetary stance remains appropriately tight for achieving near-term inflation objectives
The micro finance institute in process to raise Rs 300 cr for expansion
He said macroeconomic stability is fundamental to ensure that monetary policy has space and they have tried to provide that in ...
Says the decision, which will effectively lead to privatisation, is a breach of assurance made in the Parliament
Capital infusion road map falls short of the required Rs 1.45 lakh crore
RBI breather lets SBI, BoB capital adequacy ratios climb up by 100 basis points
The court did not give any categorical finding, as the association approached without knowing the details
Sinha said the crisis in the banking and financial system runs deep and noted delay on the part of banks to red-flag such cases
It is anticipated that New India, which is among the largest in the public sector, could be the first to be taken to the listing ...
Those with promoter holding over 75% need approval for this route, the regulator decided in November
Says banks failed to file complaints despite pleading in the case; there was undue delay in declaring it as fraud as well
Jaitley welcomed RBI's easing of rules to allow lenders to bolster capital ratios
The Union Budget is credit negative for public sector banks as lower capital infusion announced by the government will be ...
New norms to unlock upto Rs 35,000 cr for PSBs and Rs 5,000 cr for pvt banks
Bank says it will need over Rs 30, 000 crore in capital to back loan book of Rs 5.5 lakh crore by March 2019
The Court also asked the lender to announce its results
The bank expects to be a 'near zero net NPA' lender by financial year 2019
Group defeated the faction led by mining industry veteran S Vaikundarajan; bank likely to go for IPO
Rs 25,000 crore may be too little too less for sick PSBs; consolidation, privatisation of IDBI soon
No revision of the 2017 recap plan suggests muted credit growth expectations (9-10 per cent) on the government's part for the ...
Says FM has provided much-needed tax incentives for new manufacturing companies and reforms for start-ups
The deal values the insurance insurance company at Rs 1,918 cr
IOC bought a Urals cargo in April last year for processing at its Panipat refinery in northern India
Banks see no drastic measure in Budget to recover bad loans
He said the budget has nothing for farmers in distress who are committing suicide
A framework for an electronic platform for repo market in corporate bonds will be developed by RBI
As per estimates, PSBs would need additional capital of up to Rs 240,000 crore by 2018 to avoid 2008 US recession like situation
To bring stake in the bank below 51%; stock shoots up 8%
Scheme will offer a health cover of up to Rs 1 lakh, with a top-up of Rs 30,000
The association said govt should book a criminal case and initiate stringent action against the defaulters
To advise top-level appointments at PSBs and ways to address bad loans problem among other issues
Telenor, along with Dilip Shanghvi of Sun Pharma and IDFC, had received RBI's approval to set up payments bank
The bank will launch its credit card services in the first quarter of next fiscal
Company is looking at setting up a separate housing finance company as the cost of funds that it can tap through the National ...
A bank officers' body has threatened to go on strike to protest termination of P V Mohanan, general-secretary of Dhanlaxmi Bank
Banks must value their assets, as far as possible, close to the true value, as the Reserve Bank has been emphasising, the Survey ...
The state-owned insurer's stake has increased by 3.9 percentage points to 12.98% in NTPC
The bank intends to raise an additional equity capital of Rs 136 cr by allotting shares for cash at Rs 47.30 per share to the ...
Central bank asks lenders to build up over 4 quarters provisions amounting to at least 15% of the loan for SDR
The central bank also extended the SDR scheme benefit to ARCs which are members of any Joint Lenders Forum mechanism
In the cover that will be offered, it is anticipated that personal accident will be a big element
Only 19% know of all benefits in a group health plan; only 8% find sum assured adequate
Overall, the net incurred claims of non-life insurers stood at Rs 55,232 crore in 2014-15 against Rs 49,179 crore in 2013-14
ICRA strips 'AAA' rating status for PNBs bonds
Moily-led panel says RBI should not be a passive regulator
Take on bigger role - from strategy to IT systems
Moody's estimates 11 public sector banks' external capital requirements at Rs 1.45 lakh for the four financial years, ending ...
Companies, which have undergone restructuring process for their stressed loans, should be made public, there cannot be any ...
A quick tutorial on the scope and meaning of what it means to be identified as a wilful defaulter
External capital requirements for 11 PSBs remain unchanged at Rs 1.45 trn for FY2016-FY2019
Loan impairments, risk provisions jump eight times; bank sees more pain ahead
Plans to fund Rs 15,000 cr in next couple of months to 8 to 10 developers
As part of its balance sheet clean-up exercise, PNB plans to sell up to Rs 3,000-crore worth of bad loans
Airtel M-commerce eyes to be a payments bank
The rupee closed at 68.59, up from its previous close of 68.61 a dollar
The rating agency had then said it expected stress on Indian banks to continue for two-three years
Small finance banks are required to raise a substantial amount of the needed domestic capital before launch
Besides, it said rating firm ICRA has given a negative outlook to the proposed bonds with AA- rating
In some cases, like motor insurance, the government needs to first recognise these
Deposits and advances account for Rs 6,000 cr
Indian tax authorities have issued notices to global banking giant HSBC, warning of prosecution against its Swiss and Dubai arms; ...
The bank posted a profit before tax of $18.87 billion for 2015 against $18.7 billion a year ago
Plans to do so by end-March if valuations are okay
Bad loans of private sector banks are just about 6.6% of their total valuation
South India-based bank looks to cash in on rivals cleaning up their balance sheets
Recommendations submitted to DIPP part of a paper titled 'Executive Actions to enable Make in India'
About Rs 10,000 cr unused funds would be utilised for providing health insurance cover to the elderly
India Post payments bank will primarily target unbanked and under-banked customers in rural, semi-rural and remote areas
This is on the back of IRDAI decision to help general insurers to sell products under use-and-file procedures
The achievement for the agriculture and allied sectors (direct) is Rs 15,698 cr, which is 60% of the credit target of Rs 26,226 ...
The state government has asked the Union Finance Ministry to instruct payments banks to set up branches in un-banked regions
The central bank had nudged all lenders, public and private, to identify all stressed accounts and significantly raise ...
ICRA lowered the ratings of Oriental Bank of Commerce's  outstanding long-term bonds, including Tier-I capital bonds
Lenders' provisioning has been weak and significant new capital is necessary to maintain credit profiles, the ratings agency says
Outstanding loans rose Rs 63,090 crores to Rs 71,53,000 crores in the two weeks to Feb 5
The scheduled bank is targeting to sell over 1,00,000 policies in the first year of launching
PNB has subsidiaries like, PNB Housing Finance, PNB Gilts, and PNB Investment Services
Buys shares of the newly demerged entity from promoter Analjit Singh
It revised ratings for tier II bonds from 'AA+' to 'AA'
Use-and-file is a procedure where the insurer is permitted to market the product without prior noting of IRDAI
Even though prices have started picking up, banks continue to remain a little cautious about growing the book because of the ...
IRDAI has asked banks, corporate agents to have board-approved policy on open architecture
Raising Tier-1 capital may be difficult due to CoCo bond trouble
Surely the objective of the clean-up is to fix the financial rot, not to incapacitate banks: Parekh
With heavy discounts affecting fire and group health, freeing wordings may only worsen situation, say industry officials
Top insurer LIC posts 15% growth during this period, collects Rs 66,336 cr as new business premium
The bank is organising special camps for recovery at various place
They're closing unviable branches, paring ad spends and hiring, while being cautious about credit growth
Says lack of proper appointment of auditors is one of the reasons in escalation of NPAs
Govt may infuse as much as $34 billion more as lenders' balance sheets take a hit on provisioning
Chronic body pain, obesity on the rise among professionals aged 23-35; many of them depend only on employer-provided cover
Details of those with dues of Rs 500 cr & above to be produced in a sealed envelope in 6 weeks
Any sharp deterioration in asset quality could further weaken banks' credit profiles
Axis Bank has decided to follow a new method of assessment called "Acelerate" and ditch the old system from this financial year ...
A Business Standard analysis of 19 state-owned banks shows that at the aggregate level
The central bank will also undertake a review of how banks have implemented Charter of Customer Rights
The bank today declared the promoter of defunct Kingfisher Airlines, Vijay Mallya, as a wilful defaulter
SBI dedicated Japan desk offers wholesale and retail banking products like rupee funding for Japanese businesses and banks, as ...
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said non-performing assets would increase in the quarter ending March 2016
there were 44 M&A transactions worth $1.7 billion in January this year as against 48 deals worth $3.4 billion in January 2015
The bank suffered a loss of Rs 3, 342 crore in the December quarter after setting providing for bad loans
HDFC Bank-Tonetag testing the new payment mechanism
Firms will solicit, procure insurance products; no entity among them to sell other financial products
The regulator, in its guidelines, has put additional responsibility on firms to ensure sound governance is practiced
The re-insurance industry is worth Rs 18,000 crore in India of which life insurance constitutes about Rs 1,200 crore
RBI has noticed several irregularities like non-submission and inordinate delays in filing of Suspicious Transaction Reports
The postal department has got in-principle nod to start a payments bank, along with 10 other players
The decision will give a boost to London's status as a global financial centre
Says committed to having PSBs managed professionally, a stable tax regime and globally competitive economy
Total provisioning made by state-owned banks stood at Rs 43,717 cr, while that of pvt banks was Rs 5,300 cr in Dec '15 qtr
Slowdown in demand has been a major issue helping lower profit margins for textiles players
FinMin says country not in a state to pull out of banking sector
11 public sector banks together posted a net loss of Rs 12,867 cr during third quarter
Posts net loss of Rs 3,342 cr on account of increase in provisioning
The total income of the bank in the last quarter stood at Rs 4,935 cr
Due to a glut of supply from both the central and state govts, treasury profits are getting wiped out
In September last year, the lender had raised Rs 1,500 crore via tier-II bonds
IRDAI has said PSP can sell motor, personal accident, travel and home insurance policies
The RBI governor refused to comment on fiscal deficit so close to the Union Budget
Total income declined to Rs 11,726.95 crore in the quarter ended December 31
Says there is no need for panic and investors should consider the economy's inherent strength
Says current system might have contributed to bad loan crisis
The payment wallet to e-commerce company is considering launch of the bank post June 2016
The e-auction will be done under SARFAESI Act, 2002
Guidelines seek to ensure structure, responsibilities and functions of company and that it recognises expectations of all ...
The RBI Governor said he wants to hire talented external candidates and improve quality of research at the central bank
The state-owned bank income fell to Rs 7,361.86 cr in the quarter under review from Rs 7,935.99 cr a year ago.
Bank's total income fell to Rs 12,050 crore for the quarter under review
He said the govt is committed to protect the banks and even banks are equipped to deal with the issues
The Finance Minister also said that the bankruptcy law is under active consideration
Platform will give very small borrowers a choice of lenders whom they can repay via mobile at the end of the day
Andhra Bank has reported a steep 82.9% decline in net profit at Rs 34.46 crore for the quarter ended Dec 2015
The slippages into the NPA category were around Rs 20,000 cr in Q3
The measures included recapitalisation, performance-based incentives and professional appointments
RBI also said it would conduct additional liquidity operations based on evolving liquidity conditions in the month where the ...
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor SS Mundra on Thursday said high NPA numbers reported by banks is because of the delayed ...
Government-owned banks are in the firing line of bears
Says RBI will strive to have 'clean and fully provisioned bank balance sheets by March 2017'
Former RBI deputy governor K C Chakrabarty says technical write-offs should be stopped
Many banks cut lending to customers perceived as risky
The total carve-out from SLR available to banks would be 10% of their NDTL.
The bank had posted a profit-after-tax of Rs 3,828.20 crore in the third quarter of the last financial year.
Individual health policies of Rs 5 lakh and above, or annual premium of Rs 5,000 and above must also be offered in e-format
Insurance sector officials said that while customers are less apprehensive about short term volatility, some fund switches could ...
He said RBI will strive to have 'clean and fully provisioned bank balance sheets by March 2017'
He said RBI will strive to have 'clean and fully provisioned bank balance sheets by March 2017'
Total income for the quarter under review rose to Rs 4,438 crore
HDFC Group bigger than many of its global peers
Nippon Life had announced its plan to hike the stake to 49% at an investment of Rs 2,265 crore
Total income fell to Rs 5,350.48 cr during the quarter from Rs 5,458.79 cr in the previous financial year.
Union Bank of India posted 74.2% drop in net profit at Rs 78 crore for the third quarter ended December 2015
Lender posts Rs 113.06 crore net profit against Rs 102.70 crore a year ago
The payments bank will be a subsidiary of Tech Mahindra and will target users in both rural and semi-urban areas as well as the ...
CRISIL warns of more rating downgrades for banks
Cases in auto, mortgage loans & credit cards rise
Net NPA grew to Rs 14,174 cr during the quarter, against Rs 9,511 cr a year ago
More rating downgrades are in store for Public Sector Banks
Total income of the bank increased to Rs 3,475.98 crore during the third quarter of current fiscal
However, chairman T S Vijayan said he was ready to discuss the quantum of upper limit
The bank also in talks with Ola, Uber for car finance
Jan Suraksha scheme incorporated a personal accident policy, a term plan and a pension plan
This is the first reissue of an Indian corporate bond ever
Net NPAs went up to 6.68% from 3.97% at the end of Dec 2014.
The bank also expects to expand its number of branches to 632 by March end this year.
This particular section says that a life insurance policy cannot be rejected after three years of being issued
In the past two months, the public sector behemoth had launched three new policies -- Jeevan Labh, Jeevan Shikhar and Jeevan ...
Total income also declined to Rs 2,722.23 crore during the quarter
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) rose to 8.47% at the end of Q3 as against 6.36% at the end of Q2; provisioning doubles to Rs ...
Gross NPAs as a percentage to total advances rose to 8.47% from 5.97% in the same quarter an year ago
An RBI working group on Monday proposed to introduce plain interest rate options in the market
This is the third OMO purchase this financial year and fourth overall
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today said it plans to raise up to Rs 1,500 crore by issue of preference shares to ...
A meeting of the board of directors will be held on Thursday to approve the same.
SBI topped the chart of PSBs by writing off Rs 21,313 crore followed by Punjab National Bank Rs 6,587 crore
HDFC Bank, country's second largest private sector lender, has pushed up the pedal on hiring
Panda bonds are Chinese Renminbi-denominated instruments from a non-Chinese issuer, sold in the People's Republic of China
Lender plans to raise equal amounts through equity infusion from the government and through bonds
No details were given by the apex bank for cancellation of the certificates.
Insurers' claim ratios have even exceeded 150 per cent in certain periods in this space meaning that the claim amount exceeded ...
The components in the united package include the Fasal Bima Yojana, fire insurance, agriculture pump-set insurance and life ...
With fixed deposit rates in banks falling, the net collection of small savings through post offices increased a whopping 700 per ...
A large part of the increase will be due to shift to 120-day NPL recognition norm in FY17 from 150 days in FY16
Proposal has also found favour of Road Transport Ministry, which plans to write to RBI to consider it
The company indicated that it would prefer technology backed companies for dilution of its stake
'Earlier, Bandhan used to absorb a significant amount of priority sector lending by banks.
Now that it is no longer an MFI, a lot ...
But RBI data suggest that by replacing interest subsidy with crop insurance, government can use about Rs 12,500 cr to facilitate ...
The survey showed that 72 per cent of those in age group of 46-54 years while 68 per cent of those in 55-60 years bracket own a ...
The premiums could see an upward revision of 10-20% in the next financial year
RBI Deputy Governor R Gandhi asks companies to look at bond market for raising funds, rather than tapping only traditional ...
The survey is not RBI's own view but is organised by the apex banks and is considered important
Net interest income grew 33% in December quarter
The not-so-successful bonds have received a tepid response due to poor marketing and tax issues.
General insurance companies are now looking at risk modelling and analytics for the natural catastrophe segment
Telecom operator Telenor has enrolled over 4 million of its subscribers under free life insurance scheme in Uttar Pradesh (East) ...
Lender looks to sell Rs 5,000-crore worth tax-free bonds
Insurers consider these steps as losses through catastrophes have risen in the past two years
While the RBI seeks to provide liquidity to lenders trough term repos or short-term loans, banks favour RBI bond purchases or ...
These lenders, which are looking to start operations soon, are likely to hire about 20,000 people from the industry
The bank has already announced plans to lower its stake in insurance ventures - SBI Life Insurance and SBI General
Fema, enacted in 1999 with 25 original notifications, came into force with effect from June 1, 2000
Launches India's first mobile app for the lenders
Financer plans to offer loans to current customers who are looking to expand business beyond commercial vehicles
Funds would be infused after Parliament approves the third Supplementary Demand for Grants
Credit in the banking system has seen an improvement
Funds will be infused after Parliament approves third Supplementary Demand for Grants in the Budget session
In an interview, Rajan said RBI is asking banks to clean up their balance sheets to put key stalled projects back on track
Spike in NPA came in after RBI's systemic review, asking banks to recognise certain assets in December and March quarters of FY16 ...
Majority of the deposits are by non-microfinance borrowers
The original promoters will likely have to make way for new investors if the company is to get back on its feet and repay its ...
The share drop came despite a 10 percent rise in net profit in the October-December quarter
Nabard has sanctioned loan of Rs 790.80 cr to Gujarat government for expansion of three existing pumping station
The company recorded a global premium of Rs 13,219 cr, recording a growth of 14.42%
Rajan stressed on the benefits over a medium-term
In a pre-policy poll done by Business Standard of 10 institutions, all but one expect RBI to keep its policy repo rate unchanged ...
Majority of economists surveyed feel the repo rate would be left unchanged at 6.75%
Borrowers can pay only interest during a three-five-year moratorium
The tax demands affect the entire industry, and banks will probably join together to challenge them in court
RBI has asked banks to recognise weak assets and make accelerated provisions by March 2017
Chairman S K Roy says they have been net buyers this year since markets have been down
Says some revision in pricing is required especially in areas like insurance for natural catastrophe
The professionals to get higher amount than they are eligible for
Total income of the bank increased to Rs 2,660.29 crore for the quarter under review
i-Lend partners Lenddo to offer unsecured personal loans
The IDF assets stand at Rs 1,000 cr as of Jan, may cross Rs 1,500 cr by March
Tough credit environment and tighter NPL recognition norms to keep a check on earnings for NBFCs
Policyholders can pay premiums, access claim status, get renewal information, among others
High yields, acute liquidity shortage and a continued supply of bonds from the central and state governments have rankled the ...
Central bank wants to put an end to fraudulent foreign exchange transactions
Cash dispensers to also give loans and approve credit card applications
Government should raise tax exemption limit for health insurance and introduce fiscal measures to help increase its penetration
Exposure stood at $115.4 billion in November 2015 against $116.6 billion in October 2015
SBI Life Insurance Company is looking at an overall growth of 30-35% for the next two-three years on the back of growing agency ...
As inflation trends upwards, RBI may keep interest rate unchanged in the upcoming monetary policy review on Tuesday and possibly ...
Receives board approval to raise Rs 6,000 crore through NCDs
Cash pile-up indicates Centre may be reluctant to spend in order to meet fiscal deficit target of 3.9% of GDP for 2015-16
Profits rose on back of robust growth in net interest income and higher other income
Community members say they are ready to buy back shares held by FIIs, NRIs
Bank of Japan (BOJ) cut its benchmark interest rate below zero for the first time
On NPAs, Mundra said the private sector banks have "apparently" performed better than their PSB peers
Citing higher demand from priority sector, Nabard raised the potential to Rs 1,01,353 crore
The global financial services major says rate reduction likely as inflation may be in line with RBI's January 2016 under-6%
Bank's net profit soars to Rs 676 crore; gross bad loans against total loans rose to 0.66% against 0.61% in the previous quarter
April-December numbers are expected to well within the comfort levels of the government and policy observers
Turbulence in financial markets cited as the reason
Pressure on asset quality to continue in the fourth quarter
Interview with  MD & CEO, Max Life Insurance
Tokio Marine to infuse over Rs 525 cr to fund expansion plans
The capacity utilisation for the second quarter was at 70.6 per cent, against 71.3 per cent in the first quarter and 73.6 per ...
SBI has clarified it is unable to provide e-voting for shareholders due to the legal position and not because of its ...
Mis-selling, which dominates the grievances in the life insurance sector, has seen a reduction in the financial year 2014-15 ...
Total income of the bank increased to Rs 2,636.56 crore for the third quarter ended December 2015-16
The Bank stock closed 5.13 per cent down at Rs 70.25 on the BSE
The finding was made by Integrated Grievance Management System, the repository of the insurance industry complaints
Only one 25 basis points rate cut is likely this calendar year, between April and June, the poll says
Demand for home loans in smaller cities sees a spike; low risk, default rates pushes lenders to tap these markets
Total income of the lender stood at Rs 2,007.02 crore during the quarter
Kotak Life Insurance today announced launch of Kotak Premier Life Plan in Uttar Pradesh
Indradhanush, the bank revamp plan, envisages Rs 70,000 cr capital infusion over next four years for NPA-laden lenders
Higher other income, net interest income contribute to upside
There were 11,842 NBFCs registered with RBI out of which 220 were deposit-taking till March 31, 2015
Bank says 1.5% exposure to these borrowers is classified as NPA, 5% restructured and 4% under 5/25 scheme
The deal values the insurer at Rs 703 crore
The next chairman at the country's largest lender could enjoy a four-year tenure and the chairman after the next would have a ...
The next RBI policy will be announced on February 2
The investment push has come as a result of liberalisation of foreign investment ceiling from 26% to 49%
Company's total income rose to Rs 18,282 crore during the December quarter
Resilient economy helped in the dip in delinquencies for 2013- and 2014-issued transactions
Say that products with long term tenure of over 10 years must be given more breaks than current limit of Rs 1.5 lakh
S Vaikundarajan of VV Minerals, VVDN Vikraman of VVD Group and the Adityan family are likely to contest in the polls
Says payments and small finance banks have important roles to play as India has a very large untapped market
Vaidyan to hold the office of the national reinsurer till July 2019; she is also the first lady chairperson in the Indian ...
However, it doesn't clarify whether tax-deduction-at-source provisions will apply to gold monetisation scheme or not
An announcement in the upcoming Union Budget is likely
Under the modified rules, premature redemption under medium and long term govt deposits have been permitted
Industry expects the business to grow from Rs 5,000 cr currently to Rs 13, 000 cr by the end of FY17
The top banker said that our strategy also involves increasing the proportion of retail clients in its portfolio.
Fund would help company transit from a financial inclusion firm to a payments bank
Funds to be lent to roads and power generation; postponed offering earlier due to high coupon, tight liquidity situation
RBI has reduced repo rate by 125 basis points in about past one year, but demands continue to mount for further cuts to stimulate ...
Rules say foreign equity investment cap of 49% is applicable to all Indian insurance companies
As per the latest data available, as many as 20.38 cr bank accounts were opened under the PMJDY as on the Jan 20.
All the EDs have been appointed initially for a period of three years
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's tough love for state banks hasn't done much for their popularity among Asia's top bond ...
SBI Life Insurance showed a 26% rise in its net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2015
Insurance companies should have a long-term digitisation roadmap
Motor insurance to account for largest number of claims, public sector insurers to be worst hit
Total income of the bank rose 13.8% to Rs 723.05 crore in the December quarter this fiscal
The right of first refusal will be with the domestic reinsurer, says T S Vijayan
The company expects to commence operations in India later this year
Central bank to pay a commission of 2.5%, including 1.5% handling charges, for the first year to banks
Says private insurers serving a minuscule segment to meet narrow investment needs
Share of the state-owned banks in the PoS market has also increased from 26% in 2014 to 33% this year
The company said it expects to start operations in India later this year
Says development of domestic securitisation markets will help both India and China achieve objective of financial inclusion
Said technology has transformed the financial sector in terms of their interaction with customers, reducing the dependence on ...
esides discussing proposed disclosure of individual agent commissions in the financial statements of fund houses, Amfi in its ...
So far, gold coins were allowed to be sold only through about 25 MMTC centers in country
Says it is due to sector serving a miniscule segment of users, mainly to meet narrow investment needs
Insurers say scheme would offer premium subsidy and would be more affordable for farmers
Rajan expressed confidence in India's growth and said the country is on target to meet Jan inflation target of below 6%
LIC collected new premiums of Rs 59615.41 cr for the first three quarters, seeing a growth of 15.4% over same period last ...
Sharma is not the only one who has pointed out the loopholes in the working of JLF
The bank's total business grew 10.05% to Rs 94,042 cr, from Rs 85,457 cr
As RBI Governor Rajan cleans up India's banks
Mny do not expect substantial fall for now, despite the present turmoil
Total income increased to Rs 1,560.98 crore, up 6.39% from Rs 1,467.13 crore in the December quarter last fiscal
The scheme allows banks to extend repayment schedule of loans to 25 years with an option to refinance them after five years
In financial year 2015, the share of private corporate deposits in total deposits stood at 10.1%, up from 9.9% a year ago
The regulator added that the costs towards above services would have to be factored in the pricing of the underlying health ...
The regulator said that Ulips registered a growth of 10.85% in premiums from Rs 37,544.08 cr in 2013-14 to Rs 41,616.94 cr in ...
CBR means those re-insurers that do not have any physical presence in India and do re-insurance business with Indian ...
While oil companies were asking for a cover of Rs 9,500-11,000 crore, the government offered only Rs 2,000 crore
Shares of the bank were trading at Rs 401.10, up 0.17% from previous close on BSE
Move by regulator is aimed at simplifying application of penalties in case of non-compliance or violations
Bank head may come from consulting sector, HQ in Noida
RBI plans to buy bonds maturing between seven to 14 years through the OMO
The government on Monday issued the roadmap for the implementation of the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind-AS) for commercial ...
Public sector bank executives said it will take a while to establish a direct presence there
Insurance regulator says this is to simplify the application of penalties in case of non-compliance/ violation of regulations
The thrust of discussion was on how tool were being used and the improvements needed to sharpen their efficacy and ease of use
Total income of the lender rose to Rs 6,950.41 crore during the quarter under review
Move is to ensure all charges are transparent and there is a fair disclosure on payments to web brokers, aggregators
With a slight rise in NPAs to 0.61% from 0.45%, the lender is looking at promoters to invest into the business than rely on loans
All the four state-owned non-life insurers - New India Assurance, Oriental, United and National - mobilised a total premium of Rs ...
EPFO has formed a committee to suggest measures for organisational and cadre restructuring
Department of Posts (DoP) plans to open 1,000 ATMs and bring all 25,000 departmental post offices under core banking system by ...
This, after the elevation of Puneet Chaddha as business head for South East Asia
According to RBI data, the lender had 6.72 mn outstanding cards in October, the highest in the industry
Its NII for reporting quarter rose by 36% to Rs 747 crore
Two major decisions point towards its strategy to focus on core activities while streamlining its investment portfolio
Banks told to take tough measures to clean up their balance sheets
IDBI stock was trading lower at Rs 64.3 per share on Bombay Stock Exchange
RBI has called on banks to clean up their balance sheets by March 2017
Intends to tap bank credit-line for financing; the company has AUM worth Rs 1,530 cr
SBI today said managing business operations in the US has become very tough
Analjit Sigh will now be the founder and chairman emeritus of Max Group and Rahul Khosla has been elevated as the president of ...
Aon Benfield's report states that 300 separate natural disasters occurred in 2015, causing a combined total insured loss of $35 ...
Shares of IDBI Bank were trading at Rs 64.15, down 2.95%, from previous close on BSE
RBI said it had cancelled the buyback in consultation with the government
The banking regulator also said that there should also be adequate synchronisation at the ground level between the different ...
First pvt sector lender to achieve the milestone, launches 2 new products in this segment
The central bank will allow applications for the bonds from Jan 18 to Jan 22
The IRS trades, done mainly through overnight index swaps (OIS), is an insurance against interest rate movement
Off-site ATMs are not on premises of a bank branch
The first tranche of gold bond scheme had got subscription for 915.95 kg of gold amounting to Rs 246 cr
Currently, the bank operates across 27 states through a network of over 595 branches and 183 ATMs.
Lender opens InCube branch in Bengaluru; to help in needs like employee account maintenance and setting up a company
ICICI Bank has managed to cross home loan disbursal of Rs 1-lakh crore
Other life policies with longer tenures of 12 years or more may see additional loading
The gradual improvement in operating environment for Indian banks is expected to reduce pace of additions to bad loan portfolio, ...
HDFC Bank-the largest issuer of credit cards in the country-has managed to grab more than 50 per cent market share in terms of ...
Regulator caps rewards at 20% of first year commission for individual agents, and 40% for insurance intermediaries
Inks pact with The Export-Import Bank of Korea for $500-mn credit line
Gross NPAs remained constant at 1.91% of the total advances
Move aims at meeting capital requirements and Basel-III norms
"I am glad to report that henceforth our budget will be approved by our Central Board," Rajan
Such plans, which offer full financial stability to the policyholder's family, are now 45% of total life insurance products
The institutions wanted incentives to encourage cashless transactions through debit/credit cards and rationalisation of interest ...
Total income of the bank increased to Rs 477 crore during the third quarter of current fiscal
Total income of the lender came down to Rs 2,086 crore during the quarter
Announcements about new products and services under this partnership will be made in next 4-6 months
Total income of the lender increased to Rs 3,766.7 crore during the quarter under review
The bank has already announced plans to lower its stake in insurance ventures -- SBI Life Insurance & SBI General.
While banks get loans from Mudra at 6.72%, they are required to lend it at base rate, which was why banks did not find the ...
According to a Fitch Ratings report, Indian banks need $140 billion capital to ensure full compliance with the Basel-III norms by ...
CDC, a microfinance institution, is poised to becoming a small finance bank
The subsidiary will offer reinsurance capacity to ceding insurers, may also directly underwrite insurance contracts
The bank made the payment through NEFT to 75 beneficiaries.
Coverfox is planning to offer specialised products and services to customers who buy from the portal
Indian Bank is planning to raise about Rs 1,100 cr
Agreement to enable FSS to provide customised solutions that will address Wholesale Payment needs of banking industry
The bank has 59 regional offices and 7 zonal offices
Online insurance broking firm also plans to launch full bouquet of life insurance products on the portal
Industry players blame "lack of understanding" among customers about policies as main reason for spike
Outstanding loans grew to Rs 70,16,997 crore from Rs 63,18,524 crore a year ago
Jeevan Shikhar: Loan facility is also available under this single premium plan
There has been a 10-12% drop in the premiums under fire and engineering policies
Under the Payments Bank, the initial plan is to have 650 main branches where the department has head or bigger post offices. ...
Out of 19,500 claims for estimated Rs 2,519 cr, 6,237 claims for a total of Rs 104 cr have been settled till last week
After the final guidelines for opening of branch licences for foreign reinsurers was out, several companies, such as Swiss Re, ...
The bond was mostly for institutional investors, with only 20 per cent reserved for retail customers
His term as Deputy Governor was to end on Jan 11
Affects cash handling and clearing of cheques in some places
This indicates that the bond rates really did not move much in the longer end despite rate cuts
To meet Asia's development needs, multilateral funding agency Asian Development Bank (ADB) approved a record $27.15 billion in ...
Clerical staff stays off work for a day to protest violation of bilateral settlement agreement by associate banks of SBI
The pilot for payments bank is set to start from January 2017 while full-fledged operations may start by March 2017
Lenders disburse Rs 11,636 crore as of September 30, 2015 against annual target of Rs 57,320.23 crore
Rajan won Central Banker of the Year award for 2016 by 'The Banker'
Employees are protesting violation of bilateral settlement agreement by associate banks of SBI
Indian capital markets joined the global sell-off sparked by China growth concerns.
The rupee also fell to more than a three-week ...
The RBI governor has been named central bank governor of the year several times by other international magazines
Move aims to facilitate investment transactions and give flexibility in operations
As per the existing norms, IFSC Banking Units (IBUs) were not allowed to open any current or savings accounts
However, it is vulnerable to political risks, rising competitive pressure, expansion to newer geographies, marginal borrower ...
The TAC reviewed the recent developments in money, government securities and foreign exchange markets and discussed various ...
At the current market price, the government could raise about Rs 11,240 cr by selling 27.48 crore shares
However, private sector banks and country's largest lender SBI will continue to function normally.
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has launched micro term insurance plan Bajaj Allianz Bima Dhan Suraksha Yojana with return of ...
However, the regulator said that this is subject to conditions including having a board approved policy, verification of customer ...
Private sector banks and country's largest lender SBI will continue to function normally
Customers can choose from either the cash payout or paid-up additions option
Federation of Indian Hire Purchase Associations would pursue its request with the RBI to reconsider its decision to cut down the ...
Jury chose Axis Bank MD & CEO for building a strong capital market franchise & growing commercial banking business
MDMK leader alleges bias against southern regional offices, sats much smaller offices in the north are left untouched
If the RBI sticks to its stand and make provisions to clean up books by March 2017, there could be more red ink on books
Insurers foresee less risks as vehicles are plying only for half the number of days, making a case for lower premiums
The bank will be spending almost Rs 100 crore on skill development this financial year
There was also a proposal earlier to have two different pools, one for below poverty line and one for above, but that has now ...
Sebi has issued an impounding order of Rs 1.6 crore against entities which made alleged unlawful gains by trading based on inside ...
The MUDRA (SIDBI) Bank will undertake refinance operations and provide support services, said an official statement
Magma Fincorp is targetting 20% growth in advances to over Rs 1,200 cr in UP during current fiscal 2015-16
Bank of India shares traded 0.57 per cent up at Rs 114.80 apiece during noon on BSE
Social media also plays a crucial role in awareness, since smart-phones have made access to internet more convenient
Under the new norms, a case can be filed where the cheque was presented, instead of where it was issued
Andhra Bank has announced it is launching Immediate Payment Service
One of the solutions has come up in the form of simple over-the-counter products, which could be sold in rural as well as urban ...
The RBI would raise Rs 8,000 crore through a new benchmark 10-year bond
After IDBI Bank raised Rs 1,900 crore through two Basel-III compliant bonds, two more banks have lined up their issuances and ...
Religare Institutional Research has said in a report that by March 2017, banks in India might end up refinancing 30-40 accounts ...
The funds will help the bank to augment its capital adequacy ratio by about 55 basis points
The interest rate for Foreign Currency Non-Resident (Banking) deposits in dollar terms has been fixed at 1.88% from the existing ...
The Plan is available from ages 8-59 and a choice of policy term of 16 years, 21 years, 25 years
Penalty imposed for violation of RBI instructions, including reporting of data to CRILC
The bank will also be able to meet its target of having 1,200 branches by March 2017
Insurers say they are working on the same and will be able to comply with the IRDAI demand within the deadline
This follows PM Modi's recent directive that there was no need for holding interviews for lower level posts
ASK Group plans to step up its equity investment in Indian real estate market to upto Rs 1,500 crore
Government is unlikely to go for a strategic stake sale of state-owned IDBI Bank
Many banks have been raising money through tier-II bonds, in their run-up to full Basel-III compliance by March 2019.
The firm plans to raise the money through a mix of debentures as well as loans
PNB also added facilities to track nearest ATM through GPS
The state's Information Technology Minister K T Rama Rao formally launched the initiative
The Indian Banks' Association to tell finance ministry how to revive 85 large projects worth Rs 3.5 lakh crore stuck in sectors ...
Jammu and Kashmir Bank has currently over 2.3 million debit card holders
The Mumbai-based desk employed four people who were all offered the option to relocate to Bengaluru to join the bank's offshore ...
India's foreign exchange reserves rose $943 million to about $352 billion in the week ended December 26.
The foreign currency ...
Country's largest lender SBI today ruled out further cut in its key lending rate untill March 2016
RBI slaps 2% additional provision for such loans
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said India's debt management strategy would be based on three broad pillars  - low ...
India's external debt edged up by 1.7 per cent during the first six months of the ongoing fiscal to USD 483.2 billion at the ...
Advances to industry rose by 5% in the reporting month compared with the increase of 7.3% last year
State Level Bankers' Committee came into existence under Lead Bank Scheme as per RBI guidelines
The crops to be insured are paddy, groundnut, mustard , potato, black gram and green gram
Scrip of the public lender closed 1.44% higher at Rs 88.90 on BSE.
There are fears that foreigners could be appointed to top posts in Indian insurance companies
The RBI governor most famous oneliners -- 'I am Raghuram Rajan and I do what I do' -- that eventually summed up the year 2015 for ...
Companies including AXA, Bupa, Nippon Life Insurance announced raising stake in their respective joint venture
Conflict with existing channels, lobby against model by some insurers seen as reasons behind the move
However, after six months, bank credit has finally managed to inch up to double digits as the year comes to a close
Regulator had mooted first preference to India reinsurers in premium ceding
According to data published by the Life Insurance Council, the 24 life insurance companies put together saw 30,828 agents exiting ...
On September 1, the bank had reduced its rates by 35 basis points
The foreign insurer will pay Rs 1,705 cr for the additional 9% stake, valuing the company at Rs 18,951 cr
The proposal of HDFC Standard Life would alone entail foreign investment of Rs 1,700 cr
The bank had last reduced its base rate to 9.35% in September this year.
The deal would give BNP access to a wider infrastructure finance market in India
Payment banks, because of the low cost structure and mobility, are best suited to capitalise on the opportunity
The panel also said that banks have to make special efforts to step up account opening for women
An AIBEA leader said that to protest is the violation of bilateral settlement by the five associate banks of the State Bank of ...
The strike, set to affect normal services all over the country, is in protest against violation of bilateral settlement by 5 ...
Commercial banking industry is also gearing up to face competition from payments and small finance banks
A reply to an RTI query reveals 9,508 complaints were pending for resolution
Panel to remain valid for three years, subject to a condition that firms continue to be on panel of approved auditors released by ...
Capital Local Area Bank could be first to start operations by April, a year ahead of the target date
Coupons on AAA-rated three months' corporate papers were at 8.8750 per cent just before RBI started cutting its rates on January ...
The rupee saw volatility in the week ended Dec 18.
The currency had dropped to about 67 to a dollar
IRDAI said it proposes to allow issuance of trade credit insurance policy to RBI registered entities
Appoints strategic advisor for restructuring to help improve profitability
With Uttarakhand floods, cyclones HudHud and Phailin and Tamil Nadu floods occurring in the 2013-15 period, insured losses have ...
He joins the company as vice president for technology
Shares of SBI were trading at Rs 228.95 apiece on the BSE, down 0.41 per cent from its previous close
Weak corporate balance sheets need monitoring, says Reserve Bank's Financial Stability Report
17 other financial bodies eye tie-up with proposed bank
The report warned that the world is heading towards more uncertainties and India, expected to show gradual recovery, should be ...
The report also explained there is a need to align the investment framework for government employees
Earlier, RBI had said banks, particularly PSBs, were not being fully compensated for the accounts being opened under the Pradhan ...
This is the fifth time RBI extended the deadline that started in January 2014
With scrip valuations at a premium to banks', analysts believe recent regulatory changes, plus sluggish demand in realty sector, ...
The RBI in its 12th Financial Stability Report released on Wednesday said the business of scheduled commercial banks slowed as ...
India's top bankers expect growth of about 14% for the financial year ending March 2016
However, the bank did not elaborate on usage of proceeds.
RBI Deputy Governor R Gandhi declines to specify if the new document would continue with the tradition of covering a three-year ...
The bank is all set to hold six AGMs on Jan 29, 2016 due to the five years in between that didn't see an AGM
Irdai said that non-compliance will also lead to restriction on opening of new places of business
Motilal Oswal Fin Services arm aims to reach 21,000 Indian families; plans more branches across three states
The fund raised is intended to support the asset growth during 2015-16 & also to maintain healthy level of CRAR.
Lenders come up with options to reschedule installments, extend moratoriums; insurance cos also look to smoothen claims process
The bank's board has authorised it to raise the money though Basel-III compliant bonds
Says the sector is mastering use of digital surrogate data, in the absence of income proof documents, to improve credit ...
Several online portals have sprung up in India to facilitate such lending, some even getting private funding from investors
Will finance rickshaw-pullers who want to buy mechanised or battery-powered rickshaws
Moody's said baseline credit assessment of "ba3" reflects the bank's poor asset quality and weak earnings performance
New MCLR, effective April 1, will impact the new borrowers immediately, while some old borrowers with better credit profile would ...
Principle activity of the Asia Hub 2 will be to provide technology related services to the DBS Group
SBI has the highest share with 22.2 million enrolments, followed by PNB with 8.7 million enrolments
Tenor-based lending rates will allow banks to price loans more efficiently based on their funding composition and strategies
Parthasarathi Mukherjee, who comes in with nearly 33 years of experience at Axis Bank & SBI, will succeed Rakesh Sharma
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today reviewed financial services in the flood-hit districts in Tamil Nadu
Says assistance can only be a temporary and transient measure
The masterminds of the racket operating through the bank were allegedly charging Rs 1.35 for every dollar sent abroad from people ...
Describing the recent rains that lashed Chennai and other parts of Tamil Nadu as "unprecedented", Finance Minister Arun Jaitley ...
Penetration of general insurance in India has come down to 0.70% in 2014-15 from 0.80% in the previous fiscal
It would also lead to small negative impact on net interest margins
RBI has asked banks to price all new loans sanctioned or renewed from April 2016 based on the Marginal Cost of Funds-based ...
Banks to compute lending rates under new rules to pass on RBI rate cut benefits to borrowers
Segment forms a small part of their loan books, estimate analysts
Use-and-file is a method used to approve insurance products on the basis of a declaration, before they hit the market
For the purpose, central bank wants necessary changes in ATM switches
Pays Rs 1,122 cr for stake valuing company at Rs 4,900 crore
After the deal, Ergo's stake in HDFC Ergo General Insurance Co will go up to about 49%
SBI is expected to register a credit growth of 16% next year
A CBI spokesperson said two former officials of Bank of Baroda have been named in the charge sheet
The SC dismissed a large number of appeals moved by RBI, ICICI Bank and Nabard, invoking banking rules and confidentiality to ...
The American central bank is expected to move gradually on subsequent rate hikes after this initial lift-off
RBI has forex reserves of $352 billion
IT Minister also meets Google CEO Sundar Pichai, discusses 'Internet Saathi' project to train women in 300,000 villages
The apex court clarified that RBI cannot withhold information under the 'guise' of confidence or trust with financial
Singapore's DBS Bank has appointed Shantanu Sengupta as head of consumer banking group in India.
Prior to joining DBS, Sengupta  ...
Gets funds from Tamasek, its parent company
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, has launched ICICI Pru iProtect Smart
Dismissing rumours on the social media, the Reserve Bank today said all notes including those with scribbling will continue to be ...
Standard Chartered is ending an eight-year attempt to build a global energy M&A team
Review asset quality situation
To grow assets under management from Rs 6,500 crore to Rs 50,000 crore in five years
He said a merger should be done if it results into geographical integration, giving banks a wide geographical spread
We do believe that unless we work jointly in this area, it will be extremely difficult to ensure security for all: Arundhati ...
Credit rating agency Fitch Ratings said in a report that it expects the banks to show a gradual improvement in the stressed ...
The reason why most Asia-Pacific banks have stable outlook is the strength of their loss-absorbing buffers.
The bank also revised downwards its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by a similar margin to 17.95%
Traders are calling on the RBI to intervene by buying bonds via open market operations
A merger for the sake of merger really would not serve the intended purpose, further said the central bank
It will help in reducing the turnaround time
For the first time the bank is conducting employee engagement survey
General insurance companies are likely to receive claims worth around Rs 200 crore from the owners of eight corporate jets that ...
Canara Bank leads the chart by filing 225 FIRs with outstanding amount of Rs 1,031 crore
GOL Offshore is a key player in offshore oilfield service segments in country
Overall, the claims have exceeded Rs 2500 crore and insurers say that it could touch as much as Rs 2800 - 3000 crore
According to Rajan's estimates, the rate hike will not be more than 25 basis points (bps).
Company also eased procedures for settlement
General insurers are likely to disburse claims worth Rs 2,500 cr in Chennai
Jayant Sinha said that there have been 7,265 defaulters at the end of September
Raghuram Rajan said that India is prepared for any eventuality
India's banks, grappling with more than $110 billion of stressed loans, are facing criticism over their use of SDR
Interchange fee is amount one bank charges another if its consumer uses ATM of non-home bank
Can't meet loan growth, Basel-III, buffer for NPA goals simultaneously
High credit costs, provision of NPA sale to ARCs weigh on books
Demand setting up of SIT to probe irregularities
Hailing higher foreign participation in the insurance sector as a "positive" step, Irdai Chairman T S Vijayan today said it will ...
RBI has outlined the path for SLR of scheduled commercial banks
Number of complaints coming to Ombudsman has seen a reduction
Investors include Accion and SAIF Partners; funds to help provide MSMEs with expanded access to financing
India's retail inflation rate likely rose above the RBI's medium-term 5% target in November as food prices climbed
One of the few central banks to make this an exchange rate management tool
Insurance marketing firms can procure policies of two life, non-life, health insurers each
As the proposed Small SFBs scout for domestic equity to meet their regulatory requirement, a recent RBI circular on alternative ...
SBI has set a target to advance Rs 500 cr home loans in 2015-16 in Odisha
India's banks are grappling with more than $110 billion of corporate stressed debt
Strategic debt restructuring (SDR), meant to help lenders tackle bad debts, is instead helping to camouflage the scale of the ...
Say the pace would really pick up as and when the govt started awarding big-ticket contracts
To use lending, investing and raising capital towards mitigation, adaptation and resilience tools
Five leading bankers say government spending is essential to revive growth and that banks are responding well to the ...
These include post of chairman and managing director at National Insurance Company
IRFC has permission to raise upto Rs 10,000 cr through tax free bonds
RBI Deputy Governor S S Mundra said on Tuesday it was too soon to write off the debt-for-equity swap tool as a failure
Tech firms can't become banks but we are already tech players, say banks
IRDAI has relaxed process of filing and payment of claims for the floods in Tamil Nadu
Overdraft facility is granted to an earning member of the family on certain condition
Consultant for the payments bank will be finalised by next month
This will be through the purchase of a 23 per cent stake in the company.
The size of the deal was not disclosed
Bennett, Coleman and Company will increase its stake by acquiring Religare Enterprises's entire shareholding
Foreign reinsurers are also planning to take up the matter with the regulator
RBI data show, Indian firms raised Rs 2,114 crore in October through the ECB route
ROHINI will help avoid duplication since every hospital will have one unique identity number
Total amount offered by participants in the auction for four bonds were at Rs. 54,413.30 crore
The bank had started operations on Oct 1 this year with 23 branches, powered by TCS BaNCS
Against a target set to open 527 new branches in the state in the current financial year, only 166 branches had been opened so
AIA group today said it will raise stake in the life insurance venture with Tata group to 49 per cent from the existing 26 per ...
RBI to allow computation of banks' base rates on the basis of marginal cost of funds
T S Vijayan will launch tomorrow a portal 'Registry of Hospitals in Network of Insurers'
Indian terror pool may see an increase in capacity with a rise in global terror incidents
Might look at listing its subsidiaries in life insurance and cards segments
Section 45 in new Bill says no claim can be repudiated after three years of policy being in force
Close to Rs 6,000 crore of bad loans had accrued in the state, as MFIs were unable to go for fresh recovery
Linking interest rate on small savings schemes to market rates could be borderline impossible, for now
Banks in Chennai have been asked to work on Sunday to cater to the flood-affected population
In view of floods, ICICI Bank today said it has decided not to impose any penalty on its Chennai customers for delay in EMI ...
SBI will become more aggressive in taking on competition arising from new payments banks, small finance banks and other entities
Gammon, IVRCL latest to join strategic debt restructuring list
RBI had tightened rules for NBFCs in November 2014, to bring their norms in line with those of banks
increased volatility in global financial markets is not conducive to appropriate pricing of proposed bonds, said Jayant Sinha
The rupee's fall against the dollar is bad news for companies which have increased their exposure to foreign currency loans in ...
People in Chennai are facing cash crunch as bank branches and ATMs are not working
Private sector lender, Axis Bank, is aggressively eyeing the Northeastern market
In an interview Aditya Puri said that companies have started borrowing and spending again
The central bank is agreeing to pay higher rates at bond auctions while also buying bonds in the open market to stop yields ...
The bank's India unit has seen a sharp spike in loan losses in the last couple of years, denting its global balance sheet
Repo rate in the Indian context is a blunt instrument, says Bhattacharya
To issue basel III complaint bonds for Rs 2,500 cr
For this, customers would need to register their numbers with the lender and authorise the amount  by which they want to get ...
Growth in total borrowings of select FDI companies increased to 14.3 per cent in FY14 from 11.2 per cent in FY13
RBI announced bond purchases of up to 100 billion rupees ($1.50 billion) to infuse liquidity into the banking system
Its current stake in the JV is 26%; Birla Sun Life is valued at Rs 7,235 cr
Vijay Shekhar Sharma participated in a Reddit AMA earlier today
Tax clarity on monetisation likely this week
Revised small-savings rate regime to weigh on decisions
While the repo rate auction will take place on Friday, OMO purchase will be done on Monday
Motor insurance would account for largest amount of claims followed by machinery and production loss claims
The Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday signed separate memoranda of understanding on supervisory cooperation and exchange of ...
The central bank will buy 7.83% 2018 bonds, 7.28% 2019 bonds, 8.40% 2024 bonds, and 7.88% 2030 bonds
Ministry of Corporate Affairs has ordered investigation in respect of 11 companies involved in the transaction
Jayant Sinha said that 27 public sector banks have reduced base rate between 0.30-0.70%
The card has an embedded EMV chip, a display screen and a touch-sensitive button which helps generating the OTP
The Reserve Bank has signed an agreement with the UK's Prudential Regulation Authority
and Financial Conduct Authority.
In May, FIPB had approved AXA's proposal to increase stake in its life and general insurance JV
Moving on to marginal cost of funding to help banks in faster rate transmission
He also warned that the central bank will monitor whether concessions made to lenders were being misused
Under Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana, loans between Rs 50,000 and Rs 10 lakh are provided to small entrepreneurs.
Rajan further said the marginal cost of fund calculation offers banks flexibility to move more quickly.
US development financial assistance commits $245 mn, Wells Fargo to support with $20 mn
Eyeing rising retail inflation and the US Fed's expected rate hike this month, the Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday left its key ...
The central bank aims to meet its 2017 inflation target and braces for a US rate hike
RBI gives a leg-up to rupee bonds
The easing of rates would help sustain retail consumer sentiment over the next few months
A search committee headed by Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan next month will interview nine candidates for the post of ...
As per RBI consumer durable loans increased by 53.2% in the month of October where as credit card outstanding grew by 26%
The RBI said it was taking a 'more liberal approach' for long-term foreign currency borrowing
The RBI said it was taking a 'more liberal approach' for long-term foreign currency borrowing
Price discovery, finding strategic partners among stumbling blocks
All eyes are on RBI's monetary policy review on December 1
Says they will only complement full-service banks
It is a common practice for car makers to tie up with insurers to set up 'preferred car insurance companies'
IDBI Bank became the first commercial lender this week to line up global investors for green bonds
Irdai extending timelines for kiranas to acquire skills to sell insurance after insurers express worries about specialised nature ...
Says it has not allowed insurers to invest in additional Tier-1 capital bonds
Govt looking at steel, aluminium and textile sectors, says Duggal
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das on Friday tweeted the scheme evoked "excellent response for an innovative product"
The PSU bank came into existence after Parliament passed the IDBI Repeal Act in 2003
As on September 30, 2015, SKS Microfinance's net worth stood at Rs 1,203 cr
Non-food credit rose Rs 27,730 crore to Rs 67,29,000 crore
Axis Bank, India's third largest private sector bank, has recorded a five-fold growth in digital transaction in the first six ...
Even though India's economy has been minting millionaires at a strong pace, it has failed to translate into profits for the ...
Gross NPAs of PSBs rose to 6.03% at the end of June 2015, as against 5.20% in March 2015
The subsidiary would eventually take over these properties after it was formed
Move aimed at encouraging domestic listing of such bonds
Central bank to allow buying of bonds in default, with some conditions, easing way for banks to make their balance sheets cleaner
To go live in Jan, for life insurers, enabling them to access complete policyholder data to check fraud
Affirms bank's ratings; maintains stable outlook
Foreign banks only ones to buck the trend, see a decline in complaints reported
Corporates, Bank and Technology processing company in fray
Says capital-raising will be a key theme for Indian banks
All these loans would be prepaid without any penalty
Foreign banks can now place up to 3 expats in each branch opened and 6 in head office functions
6.31 mn shares to be on the block; govt expected to rake in Rs 21,200 cr
Corporate have been raising money via commercial paper instead of tapping the bank lending route
The facility of collecting taxes and dues will be provided at all of the bank's 500 branches across the state
In a notification, RBI also said that a foreign bank can deploy not more than six expatriates for their Head Office functions
RuPay card usage condition has been extended to 90 days with effect from Nov 25, 2015
Board meets on Monday; move aimed at encouraging domestic listing of such bonds
The investment will involve an IFC subscription of up to the rupee equivalent of $60 million (about Rs 390 crore) to a secured
The PE fund will look at growth investments and start-ups in healthcare and life sciences
All loans linked to 12% base rate, which is much higher than other banks'
The delay is to enable the smooth uploading of applications into RBI's e-Kuber system
The agency said risks from economic imbalances were expected to be low for 12 months at least
As part of the campaign the bank has launched 'sonic branding' or a musical logo
NPCI has announced relaxation in claiming personal accident insurance for RuPay Classic card-holders
The scheme, so far, has generated lukewarm response, with bankers pegging the overall collections at Rs.150 crore.
The technology has cut the time on loan processing and disbursal, while increasing data security
Finance ministry asks lenders for specific programme
Manufacturing and electricity is driving the economy while mining segment gathers steam, says the index
The EMR initiative was to benefit insurers by enabling easier access to data and faster settlement of claims
May look at an acquisition of the portfolio or a tie-up with another lender
Sanjay Radhakrishnan, CEO, JLT Independent said that several Indian MNCs are now taking the cover, with a rise in terrorism and ...
It will allow SMEs to post their receivables on the system and get them financed
Deal values company at Rs 9,847 crore; joint venture to be renamed Reliance Nippon Life
Conciliation meeting has been called; duties & powers of staff, allowances, working hours among the issues discussed in the ...
After Barclays, City Bank and Deutsche Bank, Swiss banking group Credit Suisse has announced setting up of its centre of ...
EICML is one of the leading collateral management service providers with a pan-India presence
The bank will also issue bounds under Tier 2 capital to collect Rs 3,000 crore.
The FM also reviewed interest rate in the light of key policy rate reductions by RBI in September
The CBT is chaired by Union labour minister Bandaru Dattatreya and includes members from the trade unions, industry ...
To recover Rs 10,000-crore debt; EY advisor for the exercise
After the transaction, Bupa will raise its stake to 49% from 26% that it holds at present
Says 5/25 scheme helps them mask the extent, says stressed assets formation remains high; cautious on impact of plan to ...
After the issuance of shares, LIC's stake in bank would rise to 14.69% from 12.54%
This will help deepen the bank's relationship with the senior management teams of Japanese companies based in Chennai
The order will come to effect from December 1
Using Swift, corporate treasurers can use a single channel for communication with all domestic and global banks
The desk will provide detailed guidance on foreign direct investment and mergers and acquisitions
NPAs of Public Sector Banks rose to 6.03% at the end of June, as against 5.20% in March this year
'The problems continue, but the banks' NPAs situation will improve,' the finance minster said.
Jaitley says NPA levels unacceptable, calls it problem from past; adds discom reforms will reduce stress
Tag for defaults on nearly Rs 7,000 cr loans to long-grounded Kingfisher Airlines
The bank aims to leverage the growing economic integration between the two countries
IMF should accommodate the currencies of large economies with strong positions in global trade and finance: Rajan
Performance review meeting will also take stock of credit flow to productive sectors to spur economy
Move to allow overseas flows into AIFs and ReITs through automatic route will lead to fresh flows, say experts
At present, PFRDA is allowed to invest 15% in the stock market
The bank's current exposure in India is about $2.3 bn and it expects to increase it to $5 bn over the next three years
With insurance bill being passed by both the Houses, sector has got several new norms by IRDAI
IRDAI drops earlier proposal to reduce product pricing for 10% plus deviation
The Vijay Mallya-promoted airline stopped flying three years ago and owes Rs 6,963 crore to various lenders
The fund constitutes one bond each from AAA-rated firms such as Indian Railways and Rural Electrification Corp
Kotak Mahindra General Insurance Company (Kotak General Insurance) announced it has been granted certificate of registration by ...
The central bank seeks to tighten the criteria for ownership of lenders
With this the banking regulator has cleared the air around investment via convertible bonds as well
Employees' stir against Centre's intervention in RBI's autonomy and pension-related issues
Amongst key tasks the strategic advisor would focus on are developing business plans and procedures for corporate restructurings
Banks can now tie-up with up to three life, non-life and standalone insurers each
Location of customer's mobile phone to be used for tracking
RBI on Thursday said banks should lend at least 11.57% of their fund directly to non-corporate farmers in fiscal 2015-16
The buyer would also have to give an annual declaration to the lender that it remains a "fit and proper" investor
Volumes are low compared with what it usually is, said a senior dealer with a state-owned bank
Major banking transactions took a hit today as over 17,000 employees of RBI went on 'one-day mass casual leave' protesting ...
United India Insurance has said so far the company has received claims intimation worth Rs 110 crore for 130 claims
About 17,000 employees of the central bank are on strike called by unions
Construction cost outpacing customer advances adds to firms' woes
While the mass leave is not a strike, union leaders say they could go for longer strikes if the government does not change its ...
Mehrotra, earlier MD and head (retail banking) at Citibank, will replace Manasije Mishra
Due to certain procedural impediments, it (company) is not in a position to undertake the rights issue of IDRs in India
Domestic firms had raised $2.78 billion abroad  in October last year
India's rupee is forecast to outperform its Asian peers as Prime Minister Narendra Modi travels the world to woo investors and ...
The share of residential-focused funds has gone up from 14% to 85% in the last seven years, a JLL report says
Employees are set to go on strike for better retirement benefits and to oppose reforms to the central bank
In a clear trend, investing markedly more in stocks during recent years, with marked participation in some large issues
The 50-year old banker resigned from her position in ICICI Bank on Tuesday, after being with the bank, her first job, for 26
Besides its core businesses, KKR will help Avendus grow its NBFC business
Banks having operations in Odisha have achieved only 32.43 per cent of the annual credit plan of Rs 47,757.13 crore target fixed ...
She was the president of wholesale banking at ICICI
Her previous job was as president of wholesale banking group at ICICI Bank
KKR, which is investing through its Asian Fund II, bought Avendus shares from private-equity firm Eastgate Capital and investment ...
Former Union minister Veerappa Moily has said NPAs and stressed loans are very high, and at no point of time after the ...
But, not many lenders in emerging markets looking at this section seriously
Premji Invest to pick 4%, Temasek arm Compassvale to get rest
The stake sale, valued at about $3.2 billion at the current stock price, is part of the Indian government's aim to raise Rs 695 ...
State Bank of India, which is seeing subdued growth in corporate credit, expects it to pick up in the second half with investment ...
The balance sheet of the company is stretched, thus facing challenge to service its debt
LIC has over the past three years slowly gone heavier on equity, from a conservative and debt-heavy investor
Proposed investment values ICICI Prudential Life at Rs 32,500 cr
The bourse there has become the preferred location for Indian entities, government and private, to raise new forms of debt
Bank credit growth continued to disappoint during first half of the current fiscal with an annual growth of just 8.4 per cent at ...
The government has also issued directions to the effect that member enrolment forms regarding this should be submitted till ...
Debt market growth was, however, robust with debt issuances increasing 18.6 per cent.
Telecom operator Telenor India today said it has issued 15 lakh free life insurance policies in October under a life cover scheme ...
The meeting is expected to review credit offtake by sectors such as home, education and corporates as well as the progress made ...
The Reserve Bank of India had earlier this year in august granted 'in-principle' approval to 11 entities, including NSDL
Bank has reported operating profit during FY15 & H1FY16, higher provisions towards non-performing assets resulted in after ...
Deployment decision on Rs 1,550-crore pre-tax profit in ICICI Lombard deal later; retail side could benefit
Following passage of Insurance Laws Act, Lloyds UK has been permitted to set up branch office in country
India's foreign exchange reserves fell $1.9 billion to $351.7 billion in the week ended November 6, data from the Reserve Bank of ...
Indiabulls bought the stake through Indiabulls Housing Finance, India's second-largest private housing finance company
As the process of capital raising will become simpler, lenders actively looking to do so will gain
Heavy discounts in the group health insurance continue to be a source of worry for the general insurance companies
A leading UAE-based bank has announced a partnership deal with SBI to help NRI customers in gulf carry out their remittances ...
Private non-life insurers collected Rs 22,535 cr premium, a growth of 11%
Corporate loan advances had shrunk by approximately Rs 4,000 crore
This is positive for Axis Bank, Yes Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank
Says existing stimulus measures are not sustainable, reversible, and do not contribute really significantly
Hopes rise for better representation of emerging markets in international bodies
Maintenance of close relatives, students expenses continue to top chart
New premium business of the life insurance industry has seen a 14.5 per cent growth for the April 1-September 30 period for ...
This rate of growth is the lowest that has been registered in this financial year
In Frankfurt, the RBI Governor said that low borrowing costs and money printing were a threat to financial stability and would ...
BIS fosters global cooperation among central banks to esnure global monetary and financial stability; includes US, UK and Japan ...
Decision comes as a shift in policy pursued by bank management when C V R Rajendran was CMD
The new caps, if implemented, would mean that a customer would have to pay higher premiums so that higher commissions are paid to ...
In the near-term, the reforms will impact power financiers such as PFC and REC negatively, believe analysts
The bad loans are in 29 accounts, the bank said in the advertisement
SBI, largest player in the commercial paper (CP) market, with its exposure in this segment of the money market jumping by a ...
IDFC Bank hopes to fill the space being left by the inability of state-run banks to expand their balance sheet due to capital ...
A credit guarantee fund is being set up to offer collateral free loan of Rs 4 lakh
Long term Infrastructure bonds issued by the banks that had evoked interest amongst investors seem to be losing their sheen
Will be first implemented in Telangana, those issued via repositories won't need paper policy
Also expresses concerns over rising defaults in education loans and suggests changes
Global business grew by 7.4% to Rs 5,84,687 crore as on September 30 of the current fiscal
Total income increased to Rs 46,854.81 crore during the quarter
Interest earned was Rs 12,345 crore for the July- September quarter
Bank of Baroda Ltd, India's second-biggest state-run lender by assets, posted on Friday an unexpectedly sharp 89% tumble in its ...
Net profit fell to 1.24 billion rupees ($18.9 million) for its quarter ended September
India's banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) sector is finding it hard to retain top talent, according to a study by ...
The committee has recommended six to a maximum of nine months to deal with insolvency and enable winding-up of operations of a ...
Strong growth in advances & deposits continue
RBI said that after considering the bank's reply it has come to the conclusion that the lender had violated the instructions
Meanwhile, IRDAI has taken up the issue of taxation in insurance with the govt
The bank has allegedly violated Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti Money Laundering (AML) norms
Panel says deadline can extend for 90 days in exceptional cases; Plan must be approved by 75%of voting share of creditors
The Motor Vehicles Amendment Act, 2015 brings the e-carts and e-rickshaws under its ambit
Feels heat of rising provisions for bad loans
May also use follow-on-offer route; the lender also plans to raise $500 mn through overseas bond issue
Higher provisioning for bad loans and contigencies led to the dip in net profit
In August, senior bank officials had denied a move to offload NPAs on ARCs
To avail oneself of this free insurance benefit, customer has to do a recharge of Rs 107 followed by a cumulative recharge of Rs ...
Total income has increased to Rs 12,477.95 crore for the quarter
PolicyX.com actively looking to raise Series A funding option of around $25 mn
Irdai to monitor appointment and chief executive remuneration
Kolkata-based Basmati rice export firm alleged to have defrauded a consortium of 20 banks of Rs 3,814 cr
The new CEO was expected to take over from Sunil Kaushal last month itself but they are yet to decide on who will be the right ...
He said, speedier resolution can have a huge impact in reviving the sector
Scale up personal loans, loan against properties business
Bank has set a target to grow its overall business at around 25% in 2015-16 and 2016-17
The opening of the branch comes as NBAD has completed migration of an Indian corporate loan portfolio worth around $900 million ...
Last month, the CBI had registered a case against Basmati rice exporter REI Agro on the basis of a complaint filed by a ...
The state government has declared 139 blocks in 21 out of total 30 districts as drought affected
MDs of UCO Bank, Corporation Bank, Andhra Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce have been appointed
Gold bond scheme will offer investors an interest rate of 2.75% and a choice to buy bonds worth 2 grams of gold
Prior to the new appointment, Patel was working as the executive director at the Oriental Bank of Commerce
Pace of additions to stressed loans to slowdown
Private sector lender, Federal Bank
has appointed Shalini Warrier as the Chief Operating Officer of Federal Bank.
The appointment ...
Deepak Singhal has taken over as new Executive Director at the Reserve Bank of India
Bank looking at extending scheme to non-Citibank customers
In 2014, the banking and securities firms spent Rs 45,500 cr on IT products and services
On Saturday, IDFC posted a net loss of Rs 1,468 cr on the back of increased provisioning
Leading gold finance companies planning special packages to cash more business
Moody's had assigned a negative outlook to the Indian banking system in November 2011.
Global rating agency Moody's has upgraded its outlook for the Indian banking system to stable from negative on gradual ...
SBI and ICICI Bank are not the same page when it comes to reintroducing the controversial 'teaser loans'
Banks aren't allowed to lend below benchmark; SBI bats for teaser loans, ICICI says no
To have 500 million customers by 2020; in talks with banks, NBFCs for partnership
Fairfax's stake will rise to 35%; Kochhar rules out IPO
All appointments and remuneration of senior management in this branch office will need Irdai's nod
The scheme has been planned well, keeping long-term investors' interest in mind
Bank's overall credit up 17% despite muted corporate loans; Retail loans also bettered industry growth of 16-17%
Asset quality of the bank remained stable on a sequential basis though it worsened on a year-on-year basis
Gross NPAs registered a declining trend with Rs 1,044 cr
The bank said in a statement that its board has approved the sale of 9 per cent shareholding in ICICI Lombard to its joint ...
Fairfax Financial Holdings will increase its stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance to 35% approximately from 25.7% held ...
ICICI Bank, India's top private sector lender by assets, reported a 12% increase in quarterly profit due to faster retail loans ...
Consolidated total income stood at Rs 6,729 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal
Asian Development Bank (ADB), IndusInd Bank (IBL) and IFMR Capital have signed second partial guarantee programme to provide ...
Asian Development Bank (ADB), IndusInd Bank (IBL) and IFMR Capital have signed a partial guarantee programme to provide local ...
Subscriptions should be made through normal banking channels
Data from Sebi show companies raised Rs 2.43 lakh cr in April-Sept
CVC told RBI to scan forex deals in single account with total value above $100,000
Insurance regulator says no claims could be rejected after three years
Besides SFIO, the case is being investigated by other agencies such as the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate
Give 0.5% higher returns than domestic term deposits of banks
Deposits increased slightly faster at 11% to Rs 91 lakh-cr
ICRA downgrades outlook on long term ratings to "negative"
The 58-year-old American will take up his new role on December 1, the bank announced in a statement.
Exchequer hit due to higher duty drawback, less Customs duty
RBI scanner on loopholes in systems at BoB
Khan however was quick to add that no view has been taken so far and that the central bank is looking at the matter.
The September borrowings dropped by 17.7% to $2.6 bn
The appointment of the 1960-born Gupta is for a period of over four years (till March 2020), according to a notification
Apart from bonds, other schemes include gold monetisation and selling of gold coins
ICICI Bank, country's largest private sector lender, has been selected as the best private bank in India in 2015
India's first International Financial Services Centre (IFSC) at GIFT City in Gujarat began operations today with the launch of ...
Axis Bank, India's third-biggest private sector lender by assets, reported a 19% increase in second-quarter profit, in line with ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said it has started operations from its IFSC banking unit at the Gujarat International ...
SBI says it's open to tie-ups with payments banks; Bandhan garners Rs 2,200 crore in two months
Bank cites change in customer behaviour and shift of banking transactions towards digital payments
The dollar index was traded at 0.17 per cent lower in the late afternoon trade against a basket of six currencies
Japan's Nippon Life Insurance plans to acquire another 23 per cent stake in Reliance Life Insurance for about Rs 2,500 ...
Motor and health, which have been traditionally driving the growth, have shown progress in the second half
Money sent abroad rises sharply in July; maintenance of close relatives, education expenses top the chart
Apart from these two there were three other corporate accounts that slipped into NPA
Unions want associate banks to be de-linked from SBI
Governor also says two-stage verification for card transactions might go; RBI in process of setting up IT arm
Bankers say they would be able to offer an interest rate of 1-2 per cent on short-term gold deposits
Iyer had joined Citibank in 1996 in the credit cards department and has over 20 years of consumer banking experience
The auction of the new 40-year government securities
maturing in 2055 sailed smoothly on Friday along with other securities.
The ...
Financial details of the transaction were not immediately clear, though the deal is pegged at $200 mn
Taking measures to remove the hurdles in the way of implementation of economic reforms, says RBI Governor
Mumbai 23 October  Federal Bank launched the Malayalam and Hindi language versions for its Mobile Banking application ...
Reserve Bank of India's move to set up 11 payments banks is expected to expand penetration of the banking sector in rural areas ...
The minimum deposit shall be raw gold equivalent to 30 grams of gold of 995 fineness
More clarity on the issue is likely to come after the LIC board meeting scheduled for October 28.
The FinMinin claims efforts are being taken to close the gaps in the banking system
Big institutions plan IPOs, smaller ones seek alternative fundraising
Provisions for few corporate loans that turned bad dragged lender's Q2 net profit down 33%
The American fund house is the seventh to leave the country
Net interest income, the difference between interest earned and expended, rose 21% to Rs 6,681 cr
May cut base rates in on-going quarter.
Confident of keeping net interest margin 4.1 to 4.4%
The bank with its stronger retail business and relatively smaller exposure to project finance, has far fewer bad loans than ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank today reported a 20% jump in net profit to Rs 2,869 crore for the July-September quarter.
Irdai gives three months to comply with new rules
Sharing resources and ensuring functional interoperability will keep costs in check for payments banks
The bank had raised interest rate on savings deposit to 7 per cent in 2011
The bank had raised interest rate on savings deposit to 7 per cent in 2011
The reduced rate will be applicable from November 1, 2015
Aims to raise transactions fivefold in FY16 from last year
The regulator gave three months to insurers to comply with these norms from the date of issue of the guidelines
Of late, base rate or minimum rate at which banks lend have come down by 55 to 70 basis points
IDFC and Bandhan Financial Services emerged successful out of 25 contenders for universal bank licences issued by the RBI in ...
Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance today announced a 25 basis points cut in deposit rates.
SBI and Central Bank of India account for bulk of such borrowers
Currently, about 70% of the borrowings of microfinance institutions are in the form of bank loans
The scheme may be further extended till March 31, 2016
Instead of recovering NPAs, the govt is in a move to divest stake in the Bank which has Rs 2,60,000 crore of deposits, alleges ...
There is much that still needs to be rectified with the public sector
banks vis-vis the private sector.
Notwithstanding the ...
Forex reserves rise $2.26 bn to $353 billion
The private sector lender has decided to double number of branches in two years; earlier, it had planned to do so in one year
Investigations by ED in the Bank of Baroda case has now extended to 10 more banks, including Axis Bank
Non-food credit rose 1.39 trillion rupees to 67.43 trillion rupees
The lender had announced plans to double its branch network within 12 months
The Chinese bank has been awaiting for licence for over a year to open a branch in the city.
ED report names Axis Bank, DCB Bank, Dhanlaxmi Bank, ICICI Bank, IndusInd Bank, ING Vysya Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank and YES Bank
Recruit more from technology, digital analytics
It has bagged licence for small finance bank
The scheme website shows public sector banks (PSBs) sold the largest number
The ESOPs comprise of 646,080 shares of Reliance Capital and rest as phantom shares of operating subsidiaries in mutual fund and ...
Total revenue in Citicorp declined 2%
Post the issuance, govt's holding in the bank would increase to 81.61%
Institutions eligible for the fund are banks and NABARD
It is alleged that Rs 6,172 crore black money was remitted from Bank of Baroda to Hong Kong
Karur Vysya Bank has reported a 51.33% growth in net profit of Rs 142.22 crore during second quarter ended September 30, 2015
Total income of the lender increased to Rs 1,570.27 crore during the quarter
CCEA decision to benefit projects under build-operate-transfer mode
More arrests of those involved in the case, besides six made by CBI and ED, are expected in the coming days
The bank is extending its full cooperation and support to the authorities as they conduct their investigations
An advisory has been sent by the ministry to all PSU banks to strengthen their vigilance and internal mechanisms
Analysts expect return ratios to witness pressure in the next 2-3 years
Credit in the banking system continues to grow at a muted pace.
As per the Reserve Bank of India data, credit in the system grew ...
Recently the IRDAI has said that the execution vouchers does not foreclose the rights of policy holder
The agency said that both the accused were required to be quizzed to unearth the entire modus operandi.
Chennai-based NBFC Sundaram Finance Ltd has announced a 25 basis points downward revision in interest rates on deposits
Recruitments more from technology, digital analytics; campus hirings to increase
Bank to appoint external accounting firm to look into the policies
Ropes in KPMG to advise on road map; the bank has about 44 mn square feet of owned assets and 50 mn square feet of rented ...
Says 71% Indian consumers use social media to get a customer response more than twice that of Japan at 29% and ahead of Hong Kong ...
PMJDY accounts with balances now exceed 60%, with zero-balance accounts constituting less than 40%
Bank plans to double branches by December 2016
The four arrested are described by the agency responsible for fighting financial crimes as coordinators or middle men
Total income during the July-September quarter of 2015-16 rose to Rs 464.87 crore
After over 14 months, public sector lender Bank of Baroda now has a full time chief executive.
P S Jayakumar took charge as ...
Liability insurance is now increasingly getting sold via tailor-made products made not only looking at corporate needs but also ...
Intellect Design Arena's iGTB has launched a new solution that helps users access corporate banking services from their Apple ...
Bank rules out financial loss; stocks tank 5.5%; RBI may tighten AML norms but says no systemic implications
P S Jayakumar is taking over at a time when the bank is embroiled in an 'illegal foreign exchange transfer' case
Turns net sellers to tune of $1,559 mn compared with net buying of $169 mn in previous month
It is likely that the restructuring will be over in the next 30-45 days
These bonds had been guaranteed by the government of (undivided) Andhra Pradesh
As per the enhancement for FPIs, RBI will be increasing the investment limit for government securities to Rs 1,79,500 cr by ...
International Financial Service Centre will allow insurers and reinsurers to offer foreign currency policies from India
Asset management companies and trustee companies will be wholly-owned subsidiaries of YES Bank
Standard Chartered Bank (StanChart), the largest foreign lender in India in terms of branch network will not remain insulated ...
The Reserve Bank has signed an agreement on information sharing with Bank of Botswana under the Supervisory Cooperation and ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India in is Minimum Limits for Annuities and other Benefits Regulations said ...
In five months since launch, Pradhan Mantri Jan Suraksha Yojana has 117 million policy holders
Kotak Mahindra Bank has said that its mobile based transactions has increased by 300 per cent to Rs 1,700 crore in September 2015 ...
The capital requirement of Indian banks would cross the Rs 5 lakh-crore mark while meeting the global Basel III banking norms by ...
Amid investigations into the allegations of black money transfers, state-owned Bank of Baroda today said the Rs 6,100 crore ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said it has got the Reserve Bank's approval to set up a mutual fund, asset management ...
Says the problem has been further compounded because banks released large upfront amounts to the developers
Over a dozen public and private sector banks have been slapped a fine of Rs 68 lakh for their "failure" to report attempts of ...
Newly opened private sector lender Bandhan Bank is looking to raise Rs 500 crore from existing investors by the end of the ...
The Congress Party on Sunday alleged that many nationalised and foreign banks were also involved in the forex scam after the Bank ...
Lender suspends two officials for collusion; Congress attacks central government
Bank officials were allegedly complicit in the remittance of Rs 6,500 crore suspected black money to Hong Kong
Anticipation of further fall in bond yields and more accommodation by RBI
However, their non-performing loan (NPL) ratio might rise due to tighter norms
Total income of the lender increased to Rs 3,581.31 crore
Shares of housing finance companies gained as much as 9.3 per cent after the RBI said that banks can now provide loans up to 90 ...
If LTV for loans is between 80-90%, risk weight would be 50%
Will allow bank to grow its corporate client customer base
Those below investment grade (BB to B, Ba to B) will have 100 per cent risk weight while those below B will have 150 per cent ...
Sounding a note of caution, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said financial inclusion should not be pressed beyond a point ...
Top private sector lender ICICI Bank today launched a mobile-payment solution based on 'mVisa' that will allow its customers pay ...
Norms for firms that have actual or anticipated forex exposures to book forex forward and foreign currency
The bank, which started operations on August 23, has 523 branches at present
Kotak Mahindra Bank launched a fund transfer service for its offline mobile app 'Bharat' in Ahmedabad on Thursday.
With this, ...
General insurance companies now looking at cracking down on hospitals which overcharge for standard procedures.
Compared to the ...
A 14 per cent deficit in monsoon has started showing its effect on bank loans.
Reports say that poor rainfall is making bankers ...
To start operations within a week, reach book size of Rs 700 cr by March 2016
To position itself as a digital bank; move follows Aditya Puri's Silicon valley visit
Shriram Life Insurance, in partnership with Telenor, shall give insurance cover to all Telenor subscribers who opt in, through ...
Treasury gain to boost earnings but profitability of  PSBs to remain under pressure
Central bank sees action as discriminatory, unfair
The interest rate will now start from 9.65 per cent
By spending on regular recharges with small incremental value, the customers will get insurance upto Rs 50,000
A committee on health insurance is looking into the issue and expected to submit its report soon, says IRDAI Chairman
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance and Dhanlaxmi Bank have tied-up for the latter to become a corporate agent of the insurer
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) chairman T S Vijayan today said they will soon take a view on ...
Insurance companies will now be required to not only disclose more details about the product returns in the life policies that ...
Appointments made by NDA govt after cancelling UPA proposals
With this change, the interest rate on home loans has come down to 9.65% for new borrowers and 9.6% for women borrowers
He, however, added a further slowdown in China would have a silver lining in that it might lead to more foreign investment into ...
RBI deputy governor says it will help banks to deal with bad loans instead of delaying its recognition
For state development loans the limit will be enhanced to Rs 7,000 cr by Jan 1 while currently it is nil
The amount of loans involved in this downgrade is Rs 11,885 crore
Bill discounting is a transaction under which a firm sells its accounts receivable at a discounted value to banks or a factoring ...
The committee, however, says adopting this will take time as it will have to be discussed with insurance sector stakeholders
Funds will be used for on-lending to rural & micro sectors; loan has maturity of 15 years
The company had applied for a licence to NHB through its subsidiary Bajaj Housing Finance last year
Moves note for investment of Rs 300 cr in Payments Bank
Post this issuance, the govt's holding in the bank would increase to 81.61%
SBH has reduced the base rate by 20 basis points to 9.75%
The new round of capital infusion takes the total share capital to Rs 625 cr
Restricts branch expansion, hiring but not lending; action due to poor health
Reduction applicable to both new and existiing borrowers; women customers to get another 5 bps discount
Three promoters infuse more capital as per shareholding pattern; no dilution of stake now
The bank inaugurated its first branch on April 29 at Mumbai, now having full-fledged operations, including remittance from Gulf ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will auction government bonds worth Rs 15,000 crore on Friday, including a new one maturing in ...
Infrastructure financier IIFCL also announced a downward revision in its benchmark rate by 20 bps
The directions given by RBI were for improving the internal control of the bank and for the purpose of consolidation of its ...
SBI recently reduced base rate by 40 bps to 9.3% and ICICI Bank by 35 bps to 9.35%
Set up in 2009, Union KBC AMC is a mid-sized AMC with assets under management of Rs 2,672 cr
This gradually rising demand for bonds will have a sustained, salutary impact on bond prices, says India Ratings
FINO PayTech, which has a payments bank licence, has already tied up with Tata Communications Payments Solution for ATMs
Actual reduction in home loan rate will be a maximum of only 20 basis points
Acceptance, working within govt system & staff relations among the key challenges for the private sector veteran, who takes ...
Its base rate cut was 40 bps; hints at further easing based on competition
HDFC has allotted 3.65 crore warrants at an issue price of Rs 14 apiece, at an exercise price of Rs 1,475 per share
The new rate will be effective from Monday
RBI's sharp rate cut earlier this week has failed to make an impact on the corporate bond market
The move is aimed at bringing greater transparency in reporting the financial numbers
Insurers say from an average of Rs 2-3 lakh, the size of cover has risen to Rs 5-6 lakh
According to sources, approval from NITI Aayog will be secured by mid-October
Irdai chief T S Vijayan says intermediaries should work in the best interest of insurance policyholders
The revised rate of 9.35% will be effective October 5
The warrants and debentures are being issued only to qualified institutional buyers
Allows foreign investment up to 100% in While Label ATM operations under automatic route
The bank's base rate is much lower than several of its peers like YES Bank (10.25%) and Bandhan (12%)
T S Vijayan says he expects at leat 4-5 foreign reinsurers to enter the domestic market
The bank has started operations in corporate and wholesale banking, rural banking and treasury verticals as part of the launch
The entities have been selected out of 90 applications received for registration
Currently, 74% FDI is permitted in pvt banks, of which up to 49% is allowed under automatic route and beyond that through FIPB
The yield on the notes due May 2025 slumped 15 basis points this week and rose two basis points Thursday to 7.56% in Mumbai
Caveat: enhanced limit applies to offshore funds having an Indian connection; they cannot invest in a JV or a wholly-owned ...
Private sector lenders YES Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank today cut their base rates by 25 basis points to 10.25 percent and 9.5 ...
"No one likes bankers as there is a widespread perception that bankers are product pushers and less of solution providers.
This ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irdai) will today open its Mumbai regional office, with departments of ...
The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond has dropped by a sharp 32 bps during the quarter, compared with a rise of 12 bps during ...
BoB, PNB, Axis, UCO, OBC cuts base rate; ICICI Bank yet to take a call
Even though the festival season has started, banks have not seen a significant improvement in credit offtake
Wants to spend more time in the areas of women empowerment and water and sanitation
The Sumit Bose committee set up by finance ministry had also made similar recommendations on better disclosures
Floor price for bidding fixed at Rs 1,189 per warrant; the bidder can apply for at least 7,300 warrants for each NCD
Liberty Videocon General Insurance is the latest to launch a tab-based claims surveyor application for faster motor claims ...
Bank of Baroda has decided to reduce base rate by 25 basis points effective from Oct 5
Axis Bank, the country's third largest private sector lender, has reduced its base rate by 35 basis points to 9.50%.
Full transmission of rate cut still a long way to go
The regulator has also allowed REITs and Infrastructure Investment Trusts to raise funds under this route
Govt has decided to infuse funds in Dena Bank, Corporation Bank and Bank of India
Bank to raise the money through preferential allotment
The issue, which opened on September 24 and closed on September 28, carries a coupon rate of 8.58% per annum
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa today announced new textile park and financial support for first generation ...
The move came after the RBI cut repo rates by 50 bps
India's largest lender, State Bank of India has cut base rate by 40 basis points to 9.3%, making it lowest in the country.
Loans worth Rs 35.38 crore have been sanctioned to 6,480 beneficiaries, at a mega loan camp held under Pradhan Mantri Mudra ...
"My name is Raghuram Rajan and I do what I do", was RBI Governor's response to comments that he was being Santa Claus in cutting ...
Garg was earlier executive director at ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram today welcomed the 0.50 per cent cut in interest rate announced by the Reserve Bank of ...
Third-party claims mount in this segment on account of past policyholders, with the permitted later recovery an uncertain ...
Regulatory record and capital structure post issue prior to giving approval will also be taken into consideration
Irdai said no upfront payments, whether direct or indirect, is allowed in respect of current and future business volumes to ...
Says, draft bankruptcy code will be put out next month
The government's thought to reduce stake in IDBI Bank below 50 per cent will give operational freedom in decision making, spare ...
In its efforts to boost case research on banking and financial services, Bank of Baroda (BoB) on Monday announced a contribution ...
The government may consider reducing its stake in state-run lenders to 52 percent, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday.
Pitching for public sector banks being given independence from political decision-making, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today ...
Singapore-based DBS bank today said it expects the RBI to lower the repo rate by 25 basis points (bps) to 7.0 per cent, with the ...
As it prepares to launch its banking services with motto to become "hatke bank", IDFC Bank is contemplating a low capex move of ...
There is not only an increase in solar projects, but a rise in international investment as well
Its personal loan book grew 61% in June 2014-2015. In this period, credit cards grew 18%, home loans by 26% and automobile loans ...
The rated Tier-II bonds are expected to absorb losses once "Point of Non Viability" (PONV) trigger is invoked
The government targets to disburse Rs 1.22 lakh crore loan to micro and marginal businesses under the MUDRA scheme by the end of ...
IFC will subscribe to CFL's  secured non-convertible debentures
Aims for 10-15% net profit growth, Rs 15,000-cr business from rural banking
Experts say on average, each of the new banks will have to recruit 500-1,000 people in the next 18 months
Will enable corporates to access the funds from the bond market on better terms
But, no exemption from Sebi's price norms for debt to equity conversion
Sanctum Wealth management acquires its business
Dissenting lenders should exit consortium, says RBI
The new bank's logo was unveiled and the the top management team was introduced
Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company Ltd, a subsidiary of Sundaram Finance, will be increasing its focus on health and ...
RBS did not give financial details of the deal
In terms of number of cards issued, SBI Card's present market share is close to 15%
RBI requires foreign shareholding to be brought down to 49%; Sebi prohibits tapping domestic PE
Falling asset quality triggers rating review
For a Citi Priority account, the customer needs to maintain a banking relationship of Rs 15 lakh
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor S S Mundra today reiterated the central bank's resolve to further fine-tune the recently-introduced ...
Though bi-lateral repo in corporate bonds is allowed, volumes are absent because of counter party risks
Banking operations open up many positives along with some challenges
In a bid to recover dues from stressed corporate accounts, Union Bank of India is focusing on strategic debt restructuring (SDR) ...
Dai-ichi Life of Japan to raise stake to 44% in insurer once Bank of India off-loads 18%, formal application to FIPB to be made
Buy the rumour, sell the news is an adage, probably as old as the markets.
Once again it has come true.
This time around L&T ...
Borrowing at a lower rate would be a challenge since the erstwhile MFIs cannot get priority sector lending from banks
Finds that mortality protection gap has seen 11% CAGR from 2004-2014 in India
Loans will be offered as a top-up on existing car or two wheeler loans
5% of total policies to be in social sector from 10th year
Life insurers collected first year premium of Rs 45,871 cr during April 1, 2015 to August 31, 2015 for the period as compared to ...
They work on online real time mode using various types of telecom connectivity
IDFC will be unveiling brand logo of the new bank on Sept 24
Making a strong case for rate cut by RBI later this month, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said monetary policy plays an ...
Having secured RBI's approval, Jalandhar-based Capital Local Area Bank plans to start operations as a small finance bank from the ...
SKS Microfinance not receiving a small finance bank licence will not weaken its competitive position as the micro lender enjoys a ...
Factors like persistency, claims settlement, grievance redressal to play part in pay
Continuing losses, falling asset quality remain trouble spots
With these additional provisions, IDFC's net worth will reduce by approximately Rs 1,600 crore
While raising their FDI in these companies to 49% might get foreign partners a higher shareholding, their role will be limited
The two insurance schemes pertaining to pure term and personal accident that was launched under Jan Suraksha Yojana launched in ...
Muthoot Finance Limited [MFL], the largest gold financing company in India, today announced the public issue of 25,00,000 secured ...
RBI governor says taming inflation remains his key focus
Says delay in cuts due to wait for longer-term deposit rates to come down, as also for credit growth in general to pick up
RBI has reduced the repo rate by 75 bps since January, to 7.25 per cent
Stock was also downgraded by multiple brokerages including Morgan Stanley, Religare and Philip Capital
It began operations as a bank on August 23, with a customer base of 7.8 mn, this is now 8.3 mn
The RBI governor has said that US Federal Reserve holding rates won't impact its decision
At the end of the quarter ended June 2015, SBI's gross NPA ratio was 4.29%
He was asked if there was a case for RBI to cut interest rates before its scheduled monetary policy review on September 29
Not getting a banking licence would have limited immediate impact on the operations of SKS, but over the long run it will affect ...
Expects asset quality in terms of slippages and recoveries in the current quarter to be better than last quarter
Rajan said consumer inflation eased to a record low of 3.66% in August due to a favourable base effect or else it would have been ...
RBI Governor Rahguram Rajan today said the US Federal Reserve was impelled to hold near-zero rates again due to the emerging ...
With foreign holdings of 70-90% some plan to ask for more time to gradually bring this down
RBI has given in-principle nod to Varanasi-based micro financer to open small bank
The niche banks - small finance and payments banks -have been set up to further the regulator's objective of deepening financial ...
Currently, 74% FDI is permitted in the private sector banking, of which up to 49% is allowed under the automatic route
RBI grants 10 licences, plans to move to 'on-tap' regime
The central bank on Wednesday granted 10 entities in-principle licences to open small finance banks
Latest 7-pronged Indradhanush strategy akin to window dressing, very different from what our panel recommended, he says
Reserve Bank of India has granted in-principle licence for small finance banks to ten entities.
Quick check of what the small finance banks will and will not be allowed to do
Says investment flexibility will be limited to banks that have capital adequacy ratio
The company says its open for partners to expand distribution network in the country
New chief wants more aggression to break out of slow growth lane; rise in stressed loans and falling net, margins need tackling
Corporate agents guidelines says they can tie-up with three life, non-life and health insurers each; not mandatory
The RBI proposes to implement the computation guidelines with effect from April 1, 2016
Inflows rise both from people who send money to households back-home each month and those who repatriate savings sensing ...
Move comes after small banks show reluctance to manage stressed loans
IRDAI would look to have Indian executives in all top posts including chairman, chief executive and actuarial/underwriting ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd is looking at a 25 per cent growth in its new premium business as against the Rs ...
Foreign partners' role in Indian insurance companies will have to face a tougher test of the regulator.
Insurance Regulatory and ...
Suvidhaa Infoserve announced that it had acquired a mobile point of sale device, along with its intellectual property rights, on ...
R Gandhi said the NPAs will impact liquidity and capital in the banking sector
In June 2008, the central bank had banned the finance company from accepting deposits
The report also showed that 7% of insurance CEOs and 79% of banking CEOs perceive it as a future growth threat
The company would be floated with a paid-up equity of Rs 100 cr
SBI Life, ICICI Prudential Life and HDFC Life could lead the way
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said on many occasions that India is better prepared for a US tightening
Bank of Maharashtra has launched a soil and water health card which will help farmers ascertain the nutrient status of their farm ...
Will securitise Rs 4,000-5,000 crore if tax, stamp duty issues sorted out
Such company shall within a period of one year from the date of such direction comply with direction issued
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India has asked insurers to take into account the risks in business
The country's third-largest private sector lender launched the app on Friday
At present, Axis Bank's base rate is 9.85%
Mangalore-based Corporation Bank expects to get a capital infusion of Rs 857 crore by the government by September this year. ...
If macro economy improves, the lender will only then try to achieve its dream target of Rs 1,000 cr in net profit
Set stiff terms for fresh loans for bond repayments; May ask promoters to pledge more of their holding; Could insert a strategic ...
Festive offers of special rates on home loans, car loans, etc, typically begin in August
NHB will work with RBI to address issues like loan retention and capital requirement, National Housing Bank MD and CEO Sriram ...
Officials say once new entities enter reinsurance, it is not clear what the future of mandatory risk ceding will be
RBI said the all-in-cost of such rupee-denominated trade credit should be commensurate with prevailing market conditions
RBI has been boosting its foreign exchange reserves by purchasing dollars from the market in a bid to reduce volatility in the ...
it said that insurers should maintain privacy and security of policyholder data
The bonds will be part of the Gold Bond Scheme, approved along with a Gold Monetisation Scheme by the Union cabinet on Wednesday
At a press conference, Nafcub chairman M L Abyankar alleged this would amount to handing over the 100-year-old cooperative ...
These proposals will be placed before the Central Board of Trustees' in its meeting scheduled on Sept 16
He also lashed out at the banks for not passing on the entire benefit of RBI's previous rate cuts to customers
The decision will ease and expedite foreign investment inflows in the activity
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said consolidation of weaker state-run banks with stronger ones will be the next step if some ...
Says expectations of high inflation continue to remain at bay
So far, three foreign lenders have expressed interest in taking up the subsidiary route
Most popular mandal in Mumbai, Lalbaugcha Raja, takes Rs 51 crore cover
The regulator said that IIBI would obtain data from national level entities such as Aadhar
Rise in NPAs or stressed assets numbers due to diversion of funds to unrelated business or frauds
Annual financial inspection underway
The Union cabinet is expected to take a decision tomorrow on permitting 100% foreign direct investment (FDI) in white labelled ...
State-run Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has launched Rupay MUDRA Debit Card under the Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojna, targeting the ...
The bank is set to lose out on interest-free deposits of around Rs 15,000 cr: around 8% of its deposits
There may not be any respite from the bad loans in the banking system anytime soon, as per an E&Y report.
The rupee on Monday fell 36 paise, or 0.54 per cent, to close at 66.82, against the dollar
IRDAI had brought out regulations in 2013 asking life insurers to transfer part of their risks to GIC Re
Describing RBI's decision to designate only two lenders -- SBI and ICICI -- as systemically important as 'credit negative' for ...
All these lenders have a greater proportion of term deposits in their funding base
The loan growth of State Bank of Hyderabad is unlikely to cross 4-5% during current financial year due to the large scale ...
NPCI is also planning to raise around Rs 100 cr through private placement by end of this year
Agreement has been signed by Anil Ambani Chairman Reliance Group and Doha Bank Group CEO R Seetharaman
On Friday, the rupee had ended at 66.47, from Thursday's 66.24
Industry lobby Nasscom sees a "massive opportunity" for domestic technology companies in payments banks and small finance banks
Retirement fund body EPFO is likely to increase the maximum amount assured under its Employees' Deposit Linked Insurance Scheme ...
Getting customers to stay invested beyond the fifth year has been an issue
Central bank also planning to issue 40-year govt bonds to cater to demand from long term investors
The fund house has imposed redemption cap of one per cent of total outstanding units on these schemes
RBI, in its annual report last week, said it had allowed the facility to individuals
HDFC Bank Ltd has rolled out 'Dhanchayat' in Odisha.
'Dhanchayat' is an educational film created by the bank to raise awareness ...
The credit info company looking to offer similar services to general insurers as well
Worth Rs 133 crore, these bonds were issued in 2010
The Reserve Bank has removed IndusInd Bank from its caution list, allowing foreign investors to buy further shares in the ...
To write to regulator s on why they were not given any
But not at 'one go, big bang'; low investments a problem; don't be scared of volatility: RBI
Says overall economic policies of the country will determine their basic growth momentum
As of June 2015, the number of branches of the bank stood at 4,011 in the country
Good news for borrowers as base rate could be lower by 50 bps
Apart from cost concerns, insurers are also worried about using this channel as it deals with cash
At present, the promoters' shareholding is around 9.54%
To cut pilferage in the PDS, the Uttar Pradesh government is mulling setting up PoS machines at the state fair price ration shops
Sinha said slow growth, excess capacity, declining population and increase in labour force are responsible for deflationary trend ...
MFIs operating in AP and Telangana are facing funding constraints, recovery hassles and have hardly added new borrowers
Country's second largest private sector lender aims to quadruple business by FY18
It is a non-linked, non-participating, variable insurance plan with twin benefits of life insurance cover and savings
Retail loans continue to grow even as lending from the corporates has come down
The case between SBI Life Insurance and Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) that was now with the ...
The stir called by the trade unions also impacted the business deals of the state traders
Fitch Ratings today said that RBI declaring only ICICI Bank and SBI as Domestic Systemically Important Banks (DSIBs) reflects in ...
Till a few years earlier, HDFC Bank's benchmark lending rate was about 50 basis points (bps) more than the marker leader
IBA to finalise components of spread over and above base rate and to ensure uniformity in lending rate calculations
Retail business head Pralay Mondal get addl charge of Commercial Business Banking; Rajanish Prabhu to lead bank's entry into ...
Affirms issuer default rating for nine banks including SBI, ICICI Bank
The BCBS further required all member countries to have a regulatory framework to deal with Domestic Systemically Important Banks ...
Banking ops to be affected; unions say ptotest against govt's anti-labour policies
Mill closures swell bank NPAs
Around 13 lakh employees from 25 public sector banks, 11 private sector banks and nine foreign banks will be on strike
The deficit monsoon has hit the new premium income of India's top life insurer Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) in Uttar Pradesh ...
Yes Bank today said it will enter the credit card space by June and has appointed former HDFC Bank executive Rajanish Prabhu to ...
Today's India is witnessing rapid economic strides and is often looked by the world with marvel
ICICI Bank and State Bank of India have a base rate of 9.7%
RBI executive director N S Vishwanathan hinted that PSB's dependence on the govt should become less over period
SBI, ICICI named systemically important banks in India and required to maintain higher levels of capital; both rule out need for ...
Infrequent transactions, lack of enough balance reasons for slow issuances of overdraft
Earlier this month, the government decided to infuse a total of Rs 20,088 crore in 13 public sector banks
The latest SLBC report claims to have achieved 100% saturation in all the 30 districts of the state
HDFC Bank also cut its base rate to 9.35%
SBI and ICICI Bank have been given the status of domestic systemically important banks
The government plans to change the Reserve Bank of India Act before the end of the fiscal year so it can set up a new committee ...
The panel likely to have staggered induction of external appointees; Cabinet note likely soon
FinMin sets target for MUDRA loan, Jeevan Suraksha gift cheques
Indicating an imminent rate cut, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said inflation has come down to the comfort zone quicker than ...
Consumers and merchants can look forward to a host of incentives such as fee waivers and tax benefits on cashless payments
SBI expects its accounts under Jan Dhan scheme to break even next year
Even as the new insurance law has an enabling provision for allowing five public sector general insurers to go public, the ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) saw a healthy 69 per cent growth in their gross loan portfolio at Rs 42,106 crore in the ...
IRDAI has asked insurers to comply with additional investment conditions for GILT-ETFs, requiring them to invest in a basket of ...
Says impact of crisis in China won't be as big here as in some other countries
Those opting for paper-based policies may have to pay in future
Would invest in a basket of government securities actively traded in the market
RBI Governor reiterates will take a decision based on incoming data
Also seek higher commission payment
The sector could witness a growth of upwards of 20%, aided by new product launches in the two-wheeler and four-wheeler space: ...
Will work full day on other Saturdays; bank branches to be shut on 2nd, 4th Saturdays from next month
RBI's annual report said that the average fortnightly issuances of CDs decreased to Rs 29,700 cr during 2014-15 from Rs 30,600 cr ...
Says instruments must have been issued and paid-in in cash
Grew at 4.6% as compared to 11.3% in the same period a year ago
Scheduled commercial banks' credit growth slowed to 8.6 per cent in quarter ended June against the 12.9 per cent in the same ...
Large public sector IDBI Bank is looking to raise $500-750 million from the overseas markets in the second half
SBI chief Arundhathi Bhattacharya today said the government needs to think about "ways and means" to sustain social security ...
Says it is hopeful of getting capital from the govt and that it has sought Rs 500 crore
According to RBI, the partial transmission reflects constraints under the existing base rate system
Transactions via mobile phones in 2014-15 stood at Rs 5,847 compared to Rs 3,089 via credit cards and Rs 1,485 on debit cards
RBI bats for market-linked compensation for PSB staff
The move comes as the insurance sector battles increasing attrition of agents
Public sector banks (PSBs) have missed their priority sector lending (PSL) targets once again.
According to the Reserve Bank of ...
Rising foreign currency assets aid expansion
The regulator had  said in May that with effect from September 1, all new cards issued should be EMV chip and PIN-based, for ...
Launches accelerator programme with IBM, Google, Amazon, Wipro
The growth of private sector lenders has outpaced that of their peers and have managed to grab more market share, according to a ...
This, said RBI, is for facilitating timely and adequate credit flow during their 'life cycle'
To allow new subscribers avail NPS scheme online, the pension fund regulator PFRDA is working on an alternative to know KYC ...
The report added that apart from the banks, since no other stakeholders are interested in resolving the case, it delays the ...
RBI said the enhanced amount will add to customer convenience and aid re-cycling of cash in these centres
RBI has once again pointed out that there is mismatch in the rate at which the central bank reduced the key policy rates and ...
Ask for clarification on investment products before investing rather than after putting money
Boards bureau & investment company steps toward privatisation, says official
Customers can opt for higher loan amount or longer tenure while keeping the EMI same
Rise on the back of higher demand for papers of private companies
Flexible restructuring is needed to mask real stress in system, says the rating agency
Of the total Rs 90,245 crore advanced to the priority and non-priority sectors as on June, 2015, Rs 7,759 crore loans have turned ...
Banks have so far disbursed about Rs 20,000 cr loans under Micro Units Development and Refinance Agency (MUDRA) scheme
Largest private lender ICICI Bank today launched the country's first mortgage guarantee-backed home loan product that will expand ...
RBI recently granted 11 entities to start payments banks
This is the fourth extension that Kapoor has received ever since the bank's inception in 2004
Any exercise to reshape the legislative architecture of financial sector should evolve organically, starting with an  ...
RBI Dy Governor cites concerns about consumer protection, grievance redressal, disaster recovery and business stability plans for ...
Foreign partner will bring in up to Rs 540 cr with fresh issuance
K P Kharat, the new CMD, said the NPAs will not be sold to Asset Reconstruction companies
RBI says foreign banks will also be permitted to acquire local private banks
Earlier this month, the government had decided to infuse a total of Rs 20,088 crore in 13 public sector banks
State level bankers committee report has attributed the reason of fall in CD ratio to low growth in advance portfolio
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has informed the exchanges that its Committee of Directors fixed the issue price at Rs 41.37 per ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said RBI has approved re-appointment of Rana Kapoor as MD and CEO of the bank.
	"Pursuant to ...
Even as they sit on mountains of bad loans, two large public sector lenders--PNB and IDBI Bank-- today said they are not planning ...
Global factors like fallout of China's move to devalue its currency and clarity on the US Fed action may impact RBI's policy ...
A day after the biggest-ever plunge in markets, RBI Deputy Governor S S Mundra sought to allay fears saying the problems are ...
Days after RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan flagged concerns on emerging financial instruments, including crowd-funding, his deputy S ...
The digital initiative, pushed by IRDAI, is expected to save at least Rs 100 crore a year for the sector
Sovereign credit profile can improve over the medium term if policies are effectively implemented, says Moody's
Concern about inflation had led to the central bank taking a long pause before cutting rates
The banking landscape is changing with a host of new players looking to start operations
Says transactions on digital wallets have already surpassed the total number of mobile banking transactions in 2013-14
In 2015, the quantum of gross NPA in retail assets stood at Rs 11,62,578 crore
RBI has been encouraging banks to sell stressed assets and has allowed to amortise the losses arising out of stressed asset sale
Dollar debt and higher import cost might impact earnings by up to 30%
Renegotiate contract terms and price, defer new orders for 2-4 weeks understandably till rupee stabilises
After a lull in asset sales markets in the past few quarters wherein state-run banks failed to dispose of their troubled loans, ...
As criticism about the misuse of the recently-formed joint lenders' forum (JLF) mounts, Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the ...
Corporation Bank is planning to sell non-performing assets worth Rs 1,000 crore
At a time when the rupee has been volatile, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan assured the street that the ...
As stocks and rupee hit new lows, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today allayed fears citing strong macroeconomic ...
Interest rate cuts should only be delivered after sustained low inflation, and not as "goodies" doled out after public pleading, ...
Interest rate cuts should only be delivered after sustained low inflation, and not as "goodies" doled out after public pleading, ...
At inception, the bank's capital base is Rs 2,570 crore, against the regulatory requirement of Rs 500 crore
Credit growth of banks, which was close to 15% in March 2014, came down to less than 10% in March 2015
Apart from 40 modules of Harvard, SBI has internally developed 500 e-modules for employees
Aditya Puri-led bank feels its presence in global IFCs like Dubai, Bahrain and Hong Kong is enough to take care of its overseas ...
Retirement fund body EPFO would invest more funds in equity markets only if the performance of its investments in stocks is ...
The life insurance industry is bearing the brunt of a 90 per cent fall in pension business due to a special tax treatment for the ...
Indian banking sector is going through challenging times, characterised by low credit, impairment of assets and low profitability
The newly-launched Bandhan Bank will fund lakhs of small and medium entrepreneurs, create jobs and act as a response to agrarian ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley inaugurated the Bandhan Bank at a function in Kolkata's Science City Auditorium on ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will inaugurate commercial banking operations of the Bandhan Financial Services today
For India's leading MFI-turned bank, the challenge is to stay competitive while pricing its loans
Cover could range from Rs 50,000-1 lakh with premium from Rs 1,000-2,400
Four public sector banks, including PNB and BoB, today sought shareholders' approval for capital infusion of Rs 5,934 crore by ...
Regulator to define control in corporate governance guidelines
At present, the bank has about 56,000 banking correspondents across India
At present, different bodies look into these pension schemes; insurers' pension products, for instance, are governed by IRDAI
Such banks can collect deposits (initially up to Rs 1 lakh per individual), do internet banking, facilitate money transfers, and ...
RIL has entered into a partnership with State Bank of India for payments banks
Too frequent regulatory interventions prevented industry from settling down
All Indian Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) has opposed grant of license to payments banks alleging that this is nothing but a ...
IT czar and former UIDAI Chief Nandan Nilekani today said India is witnessing a "Whatsapp" like movement in the finance sector ...
SBI's pitch to allow it to hawk home loans at rates below base rate will be a second time tryst with "teaser loans
Hoping that the NPA situation will improve in the coming quarters, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said an all-out effort has ...
Says such banks will play a complimentary role in the existing banking system
Country's largest lender had withdrawn teaser loans after regulator had warned it may result in higher defaults
Will finalise note for investment approval of Rs  300-400 crore; subsidiary to be created for the venture to leverage national ...
RBI had yesterday granted in-principle approval to eleven applicants for payments banks
Bank has tweaked its earlier digital branch opening strategy
Panel recommends RBI should have powers to constitute UCB boards, remove directors, audit UCBs, winding up UCBs
Banks have to set aside money out of deposits for Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR), Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) and give loans under ...
The government today issued norms for selection of MDs and CEOs in Public Sector Banks (PSBs), other than the five large ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is likely to meet heads of PSU banks in the first half of next month, days after the government ...
Star Health and Allied Insurance has today launched their revised Senior Citizens' Red Carpet
ICICI Bank has investments in two of the 11 entities that have got in-principle approval for setting up payments banks
Country's largest lender State Bank of India today expressed concerns about giving fresh loans to accounts which have become non ...
State-owned NTPC today said its tax-free bonds have been oversubscribed 7.25 times.
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said it is closely monitoring the crowdfunding space to check if it poses any ...
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said there is a pick up in the economy and expressed hope that rural demand will get ...
Having secured RBI's nod to set up a payments bank, the Department of Posts has said it is open for partnership in this new ...
After granting approval to 11 entities for payments banks, RBI today said it will announce small finance bank licences next month ...
Cost of transferring money could fall because of lower overheads but the bigger advantage is bringing banking to almost one's
RBI says unsuccessful applicants can get licences in future under 'on-tap' system
RBI will move to 'on-tap' licences
The bank is planning to sell Rs 500 crore of bad loans to ARCs by the end of Sept 2016
Already allotted first tranche of Rs 378 crore as part of Indradhanush
Only Rs 70-80 crore had been disclosed under the compliance window provided under the law
Payments banks will reach out to people in rural areas: Jaitley
Reliance, Airtel, Aditya Birla Nuvo, Vodafone, Tech Mahindra, NSDL, Cholamandalam Investment were among the 11 entities that got ...
Deposits up by 11.5% to Rs 89,392 cr
Paytm founder Vijay Shekhar Sharma said he would like to start the banking operation ahead of the fixed timeline by the RBI
RBI granting payments bank licences is a significant step which will bring in more money into the system and spread the reach of ...
Vodafone India today said the payments bank licence will enable it offer a comprehensive portfolio of banking and financial ...
I would expect the dept to prepare itself properly for this: Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad
Armed with a payments bank licence now, the postal department should gear up to become a vehicle of financial inclusion in the ...
State-run Andhra Bank plans to raise Rs 3,000 crore through various instruments including Qualified Institutional Placements as ...
State-run Corporation Bank today cut base rate or minimum lending rate by 0.10 per cent, a move which will lead to lower EMIs for ...
Even after raising stake to 49%, foreign insurers can't decide on strategy or products
At present, ARCs are needed to take prior regulatory approval for selling more than 10% stake
RBI's forex reserves fell $113.5 mn for the week ended Aug 7 to $353.35 bn
Bureaucracy, fear of penal action dampen decision making at PSBs
MoS for Finance says while bad loans have been rising, they have gotten close to the peak as far as NPAs were concerned
Plans shelved diue to upcoming competition from new banks and transition to digital platform
Asks RBI to take note of lower inflation
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today praised State Bank of India saying it has become the market leader despite the constraints ...
It was about 72 years ago that in January 1943, foundation stone of The United Commercial Bank Ltd, now UCO Bank, was laid in ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) today announced the launch of its new Unit Linked Insurance Plan (ULIP) 'LIC New Endowment ...
Accountability framework was one of the area in which the government proposed a new framework in order to measure performance of ...
Pitching for a transformation at public sector banks to evolve a 'sales and service culture', PNB's newly appointed chief Usha ...
Union Finance minister Arun Jaitley today launched State Bank of India's mobile wallet- State Bank 'Buddy' in collaboration with ...
With inflation under control, lending rates will gradually come down as India is moving towards softer interest rate environment, ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will launch a new unit-linked insurance plan (Ulip) tomorrow, 19 months after its ...
But experts say govt has hardly given up control in these entities
Group's financial arm expects to complete the process this financial year
A six-pronged strategy, talked about as Super Six in SBI's corridors, was laid out by Bhattacharya to tackle a mini-crisis of ...
The savings interest rates have been fixed at 4.25% for deposits below Rs 1 lakh and five per cent for those above Rs 1 lakh
Sluggish trade data amid highly volatile global currency market sentiment in the aftermath of China's yuan devaluation ...
CRISIL noted the government's strategy could boost the performance of public sector lenders
On Friday, it ended at 65.01 from Thursday's 65.11. It had opened at 65.18 and during intra-day trade, touched a low of 65.31
Govt said on Friday it would infuse Rs 20,088 crore into 13 PSU banks within a month
The seven-pronged PSU banks' revival plan 'Indradhanush' could help the lenders register higher growth rate than earlier ...
This is a definite step towards diluting the public sector character of our banks, says AIBEA general secretatry
Having appointed private sector professionals to head two large public sector banks (PSBs), the Finance Ministry today said ...
The third party administrator was being set up with an investment of over Rs 200 cr by the four general insurers
Axis Bank has said a fifth of its point of sales machines will be NFC-enabled by the end of this year
The state-owned lender has also assigned all senior officials up to the rank of deputy general manager the job of mentoring four ...
Considering vast vacancy in the middle-level position, the government is planning to provide some flexibility in the recruitment.
Seven-point plan includes bank board bureau from April 1, appointment of private sector professionals as heads
Experts say Esop facility should be extended to GM, DGMs; Banks could cut balance sheet size to improve efficiency
The structure was mooted in 2012 to address the capital needs of banks
Financial Services Secretary Hasmukh Adhia has said the selection of non-executive chairman in the remaining six public sector ...
Govt today announced appointment of new heads of five banks including two private ones
Repatriates Cooperative Finance and Development Bank (REPCO Bank) gave an amount of Rs 15.26 crore as dividend to the Government ...
The rupee is expected to weaken further this week due to dollar buying by importers.
There are concerns on the Street the yuan ...
India's banking sector has been hobbled by its highest bad-loan ratio in a decade
Finance Minister says govt has put together a comprehensive framework for PSU banks
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) slashed minimum lending rate -- the base rate -- by 0.1 per cent to 9.90 per cent, a ...
Indian currency has fallen 1.9% in past three trading sessions
R Gandhi-led panel wants legal barriers removed for graduation to commercial bank status
Corp agents given an option to tie up with up to nine insurers, three each in life, non-life and health
Govt had in 2015-16 proposed interest subvention scheme in the current fiscal
RBI had transferred surplus of Rs 52,679 cr for the year-ended June 30, '14
Insurer has already received approval from regulatory authority
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revised the number of transactions qualify for agency commission it pays to banks for ...
High exposure in metal, infra pose a challenge
Government may push amendments to the RBI Act in the Winter Session of Parliament for setting up a public debt management agency ...
Bank of Maharashtra today reported 49.55% fall in net profit at Rs 59.44 crore for the quarter ended June 30, hurt by sharp ...
Following the issuance of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)' 25/5 scheme, banks had taken up flexible structuring of a few projects
RBI guidelines allow processing contactless transactions below Rs 2,000 without a PIN
The lender said that the amount raised will be used to support the growth and will also help in augmenting the capital adequacy ...
Claims settlement of public sector general insurers to be quicker through in-house health TPA
Reserve Bank today asked income tax assessees to pay their income tax dues in advance at RBI or any authorised bank branches ...
The high level committee constituted by the Reserve Bank of India to re-examine and recommend more efficient working ways for the ...
Move by People's Bank of China resulted in devaluation of Yuan against dollar by 1.9% taking it to lowest point in almost three ...
Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya says bank benefiting from economic recovery
Despite losing some share, SBI still has the maximum share in the market at 29%
Losses in Nepal were around $5 bn and of those, only around $160 million were insured
Some equity from government will come in this quarter and another round by end of financial year: Arundhati Bhattacharya
On a day the rupee fell the most in two months on the back of China depreciating its currency, Finance Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi ...
None of the 21 general insurers operating in the country provides cover for tax risks arising from M&A transactions
IFMR Capital, from the IFMR Group, has executed the issuance of Senior Secured Non-Convertible Debentures aggregating to Rs 150 ...
State lender State Bank of India today reported a 10% rise in Q1 net profit at Rs 3,692 crore, beating analyst estimates, as bad ...
The ministry had said that PSBs as of now are adequately capitalised, but would need Rs 1.8 lakh crore extra capital over the ...
Tepid loan growth, provision for NPAs, bond portfolio make dent
According to sources, RBI had argued against using gold deposits as CRR
Banks total exposure to the steel sector stands at Rs 3 lakh crore
Government bonds today attracted bids of Rs 974 crore from foreign investors against Rs 556 crore worth of securities put on ...
Number of mobile banking users globally is forecasted to double to1.8 billion, over 25% of the world's population, in the next ...
Jammu & Kashmir bank today reported 22% rise in net profit at Rs 158.76 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2015, ...
Those already running payment systems may be regulated by RBI, Financial Authority
Says govt ready to pump in Rs 100 crore, wants a special fund for MSMEs
In their bid to take on rising competition, public sector general insurers have unveiled a succession planning by promoting their ...
A parliamentary panel has recommended making at least 15% Public Sector Banks (PSBs) branches all-women offices to provide safe ...
Loan recasts and refinancing mask stress in asset quality
Sebi data shows companies raised Rs 1.69 lakh cr in April-July period through private placement of corporate bonds
Lower costs of funds, better operational performance aids
He also said that RBI would like to see as to how banks pass on the benefit of earlier rate cuts to customers before it goes in ...
The bank had a net profit of Rs 521.40 cr in the April-June quarter of 2014-15 fiscal
State-run Central Bank of India today reported a marginal 6 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 203 crore in the June quarter on ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irdai) may soon allow general insurance companies to use the ...
Foreign currency assets rose $629.9 million to $329.88 billion
RBI today said that it has received seven applications from banks for Trade Receivables Discounting System
Aims to clear products within a month; advisory panels constituted for promoting e-commerce
The terms of most non-official directors are coming to an end
The rating agency says Rs 70,000 cr is a relatively small amount and that more needs to be raised from equity markets
Company will focus on projects that have run into troubled waters but have potential for revival
This capital requirement will be over and above the estimated up to Rs 2.40 lakh crore needed by the PSBs to meet the Basel-III ...
With government increasing FDI limit in insurance to 49%, the British insurer wants to cash in on the opportunity
However, banks must ensure banking needs continue to be met through satellite offices/mobile vans or through Business ...
Governemnt bonds advanced, with the 10-year yield falling the most in three weeks on speculation the recent decline in oil prices ...
Bangalore headquartered Canara Bank has set a business target of Rs 11,000 crore in the state to be achieved by the end of this ...
Seeking to root out black money, Sebi has written to some large wealth managers in low-tax centres to try and bring them under ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank has digitised the loan processing system
RBI revises exposure norms limit for standalone primary dealers
Private life insurer HDFC Life today announced the launch of a new sales channel to take life insurance to semi-urban and rural ...
SBI Life Insurance has launched a new product, 'Smart Humsafar', a plan which offers multiple benefits of savings and insurance ...
Indian banks may need up to 1 trillion rupees ($15.7 billion) to manage the risks from their exposure to debt-stressed companies, ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irdai) is planning to simplify the approval process for online ...
Margin pressure blocks immediate base rate cut
High provisions and contingencies dent bottomline
Reduction comes a day after RBI kept benchmark rate unchanged in the monetary policy review
Yes Bank today said it has raised Rs 315 crore through issuance of Green Infrastructure Bonds to International Finance ...
The OMO sale announcement in July had come as a surprise to the market and govt bond yields had climbed
This comes as a big relief to insurers who had sought clarification from Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India ...
In June, apex bank had warned that Rs 53,000 cr of discom loans recast by PSBs carried a higher risk of becoming NPAs
Bankers say it has remained under pressure due to slowdown in the corporate segment
RBI has said that it will now begin to take actions against banks that misreport the NPAs in their books
Public sector player Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today reduced deposit rates for select maturities.
	"Oriental Bank of ...
Bankers today ruled out any immediate lowering of interest rates even as the Reserve Bank today rapped them for not fully passing ...
More than 27.31 lakh pieces of Fake Indian Currency Notes (FICN), with face value of Rs 136.43 crore, were seized in three years ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has collected over Rs 230 crore premium for the Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana (VPBY) in the ...
Signaling truce with the government over who should decide interest rates, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today appeared to favour ...
India's central bank policy review is expected to yield little in the way of action on Tuesday, but its statement will be pored ...
Other income, healthy NIMs get thumbs up from analysts
In July, the yield on the 10-year benchmark bond had dropped a meagre five basis points to 7.81% as of July 31
The bank expects to raise a capital of Rs 3,000 crore in FY16
Finance Secretary says govt is in discussion with RBI Governor on the form and manner of the monetary policy committee
Research firm Moody's Analytics today said the Reserve Bank is likely to cut the benchmark rate by 0.25% in its monetary policy ...
Likely to account for 17.1% of total credit by 2018-19, against 13.1% at the end of 2014-15
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said the revised IFC draft was according to FSLRC report
State-run general insurers likely to issue master mediclaim policy for bank employees through IBA by this month end
All the major banks have effected deposit rate cuts in the past 8-10 months and in some cases, there have been multiple instances ...
Non-food credit growth of commercial banks slowed to 7.7% in June 2015 as against 13% expansion in the same period last fiscal
Most media houses went by the revised release as anyway they were not present at the function and did not know what Rajan had ...
Only a fifth of the Rs 25 k-cr infusion in FY16 will be based on banks' performance
All central bank board members have to take oath of secrecy and sign a scroll
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today sought nod for another Rs 12,010 cr for recapitalisation of PSBs
Three private insurers' representatives including Reliance Life, Bharti AXA Life, PNB Metlife elected; LIC head to become ...
It noted insurers remain upbeat about the sector's prospects
All banks which have have reported their April-June quarter numbers so far have said the growth in advances has been mainly ...
Finance ministry to approach Cabinet in a month with such a proposal
Profit rises to Rs 110.25 crore; net income margin up 25 %
Bank's total income up by 3.83 % to Rs 1518.50 crore
ICICI Bank, India's biggest private sector lender by assets, reported a 12% rise in quarterly profit, beating estimates, and its ...
In an unusual move, the Finance Ministry has nominated Ajay Taygi, Additional Secretary in the Department of Economic Affairs to ...
The supplementary demand seeks Parliament's nod for more budgetary and extra-budgetary spending demands
Moreover, since the deposit growth is outpacing loan growth, there could be scope to bring down the base rate
Rising bad loans have taken a toll on profitability of lenders, with several banks including BoB, Dena Bank, OBC and Kotak ...
Public sector Dena Bank's net profit plunged 81.4 per cent to Rs 15.16 crore in the first quarter ended June 30 in the current ...
State-owned Vijaya Bank today reported 11.6 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 142.59 crore for the first quarter ended June ...
The RBI has taken several steps to ensure stressed assets can be recognised early on and resolved more prudently
Life insurers posted a 19.6% growth in new premiums for April-June quarter whereas non-life insurers posted 12.4% growth
The rating agency says the root causes of revenue gap - transmission losses and insufficient tariffs - have not been properly ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor S S Mundra today said initial trends from banks' first quarter results indicate some stability on ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor S.
S.
Mundra said the latest April-June earnings from state-owned lenders showed ...
PNB, BoI, Union Bank report sharp decline in net profit
While the central bank wants call money rates to hug the repo rate, it has occasionally fallen below repo
According to DBS, besides the P-Notes issue, other domestic factor weighing on market is the unproductive monsoon parliament ...
Said a lot of policy-making is done without understanding the general equilibrium which is often the key contribution that an ...
Among steel companies, debt-heavy Electrosteel Steels Ltd said on Monday its lenders would restructure its loans, while Bhushan ...
Govt holds 82.10 % in Chenna-based bank
Saddled with bad loans, PNB today said it has reported to RBI 400 'wilful defaulters', and plans to sell Non Performing Assets ...
Bank of India (BoI) today reported a 84% decline in net profit at Rs 129.72 crore in the April-June quarter of the current
Public sector Syndicate Bank today reported a 38% decline in net profit at Rs 301.98 crore in the first quarter of current
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today reported a 22% decline in net profit at Rs 518.78 crore for the first quarter ...
Q&A with Douglas Henck, chairman and CEO, AEGON Asia
The move to sell the private banking business comes a few months after the management decided to exit the Indian market
Aims to curb recent volatility in overnight rates; however, call money market route still cheaper, say observers
With consumer loan demand staying muted, not much is expected by way of discounts and incentives
The lender has an exposure of Rs 700 cr to Tulip and Rs 300 cr to Falcon
The acquired loan portfolio is approximately Rs 4,100 cr
Prospects for improving creditor's right look bleak
Axis Bank
today signed a USD 200-million, seven-year bilateral loan agreement with the Asian Development Bank.
	The loan will ...
Integration of Bandhan's microfinance business into formal banking, is being meticulously planned and executed in a layered ...
With softening of rates in the corporate bond market, housing finance firms are preferring bond issuances over bank loans and ...
Euroclear system is world's biggest securities settlement system
Not all players in the Indian insurance sector are ready for a solvency mechanism based solely on risk
Irdai likely to implement these as early as December
The rise in net profit comes on the back of a marginal improvement in yield on advances
Gross NPA rises to 9.4% of gross advances, compared to 5.84% during the same quarter last year
Andhra Bank today reported a 89.27 per cent jump in Net profit at Rs 202.52 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2015, on ...
Gets final licence from RBI; Ex-CAG Vinod Rai to be the chairman of IDFC
Rupee breaches 64 again, falls near 2-month low
Fine for violation of various directions and orders issued by RBI from time to time
Apart from this, the borrowing limit of the bank has also been upped to Rs 1,50,000 crore
Last financial year, credit growth was the lowest in 17 years at 9.52 per cent whereas deposits inched up by 11.42 per cent
The Bank of Baroda (BoB) has set a lending target of Rs 75,000 crore towards micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) for ...
Rating agency ICRA today said concerns on inflation are ebbing and the Reserve Bank should slash the key rates at the forthcoming ...
IDFC Ltd said on Friday the Reserve Bank of India had granted banking licence to the financial company, making it the second ...
Banks have reduced exposure to the commercial real estate sector as it struggles with rising inventory
Moody's stated that OBC's impaired loan ratio rose to 18.7% of gross loans at end-March 2015 from 14.8% a year ago
However, the concept of national discretion as available under international regulations is very narrow, S S Mundra said
Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) is planning to raise around Rs 350 crore through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) or other modes, ...
IRDAI is set to bring out a host of new norms to conform to the new insurance act which was passed law makers in the budget ...
The Reserve Bank has removed restrictions placed on foreign investors to buy shares in public sector lender Bank of Baroda, as ...
Indian Bank today reported a 4 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 215.28 crore for the first quarter ended June 30.
	The ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank today reported a 42.98% jump in net profit at Rs 40.25 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2015, ...
Riding high on motor and fire premia and government-run social security schemes, the general insurance industry grew 12.5 per ...
Regulator concerned at scale of borrowers using the subsidised money for other purposes; wants to assess extent and how to check ...
Funds will be used to acquire non-performing loans from financial sector players in the country
After the Insurance Act has been passed, there has been a need to review and revise existing regulations in these areas
Bandan Bank, the microfinance entity turned universal bank, plans to tap into the micro small and medium enterprises
The move is aimed at increasing the number of ATMs in smaller cities and towns
Banks and NBFCs will scale down their loan-to-value ratio for gold if prices further go down
Gross NPA rises to 0.95% from 0.93% in the March quarter
Gets shareholders' nod for equity offer, debt capital offering
Weighted average call money rate stood at 6.84% on Tuesday compared with 7.08% yesterday
There is pressure on RBI to cut rate to boost economic growth
The bank claims that the mobile banking adoption rate is highest among its peers
Ajay Kanwal to head Asean & South Asia, India CEO Sunil Kaushal moves to head Africa & Middle East
According to RBI norms, 10% change in shareholding will need regulators permission
CMD's post in PNB is vacant since end October last year when govt declined to extend K R Kamath's tenure
Last month RBI had come up with draft norms for these bonds
High Court had termed "invalid" the appointment of two directors on YES Bank's board
Periodic declarations that no policy was forcefully sold will be given by banks
The bank reported a 36% drop in net profit
In a major reshuffle of its top deck, Standard Chartered Bank today appointed Ajay Kanwal as head of the ASEAN & South Asia ...
He says a slowing China and Indonesia's less than expected economic growth makes India an attractive destination for the bank
Concerned over diversion of  agricultural lending for unintended purposes Reserve Bank of India has begun probe to get to the ...
Yields on government securities reversed their trajectory after RBI announced a hawkish stance in its bimonthly policy review in ...
The sector mopped up Rs 23,570 crore during the April-June period riding on group single premium policies
To push institutional investors into greater engagement in governance matters of listed firms, a high-level advisory body of ...
Irdai had proposed a minimum of 25% of Ulip funds be invested in government securities
High net-worth individuals are no longer required to buy regular insurance from companies
RBI has allowed NRIs to invest in chit fund companies on a non-repatriation basis, subject to certain conditions
Bankers say the overall bank lending to SMEs will continue to be low till the overall economic environment improves
Amount will be raised through issue of redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures
SBI seeks govt nod to share 3% of profit with employees; others to follow
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) today launched its Android mobile app, SBH Touch
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it is not expecting a rate cut by RBI in the monetary policy review ...
Banks are planning to slow purchases of government securities until the end of September, executives and analysts say, after a ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it plans to offer up to 3 per cent of annual profit to employees as part a talent retention ...
RBI goes back to direct agri loan target after govt expresses concern
Concurrent audit means doing examination of the financial transactions at the time of happening or parallel with transaction
However, the banks will calculate the late payment fees etc from the date the bill would have been due
They were found manipulating the bidding process initiated by Govt of Kerala for selecting an insurance service provider for ...
Thorat panel for small finance banks to give its report soon
RBI also said operational guidelines, if any, would be issued by the Sebi
Vietnam's Eximbank  will disburse any loans under India's $300 million credit for projects which use Indian-made equipment with ...
The government today sanctioned an additional Rs 700 crore for the recapitalisation of weak regional rural banks (RRBs) and ...
Raising capital is expected to pose new set of challenges as banks grow at a faster pace than the economy.
For banks, capital ...
Bond dealers believe central bank trying to nuance rates and not allowing market dynamics to decide rates
Bank had reported GNPAs of 4.4% in March 2015, up from 3.67% in March 2014
Committee's terms of reference will include to review existing policy of financial inclusion including supportive payment system
Regulation came at the bottom of the risk ranking study
A total of 28 VCs invested in Q2 2015
South-based lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank today cut deposit rates in two buckets by up to 0.30 per cent.
	The bank reduced the rate ...
Says it was not allowed to treat Essar loan as standard like others lenders; Auditors say they have gone by books
'Space out when raising funds; Sebi mulling securitisation platform'
Focusing on opening cash recyclers instead of new ATMs
Yield on the 10-year benchmark bond fell by four basis points on Tuesday to end at 8%
Bankers doing good job, desist from criminal action
Payment banks will provide basic savings, deposit, payment and remittance services to people who currently do not have a bank ...
Expressing confidence that India's securitisation market is revving up for a "take-off", RBI's Deputy Governor R Gandhi today ...
Yes Bank has received approval from RBI to set up IFSC Banking Units (IBUs) in Gujarat International Finance Tec (GIFT) ...
Banks should consult each other and jointly decide on the timing to raise fresh capital from the market, Reserve Bank of India ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor S S Mundra today said that foreign exchange reserves are reasonable to deal with the ...
Irked over stringent auditing of its financial results for the quarter ended March, 2015, state-run lender Bank of India (BoI) ...
Bond issuance dipped 31.4% in Jan-June from a year before, with India Inc retreating from the uncertainty-triggered volatility
Less than 5% of overall insurance industry premiums come from the online channel
These scores and checks by credit bureaus can help in weeding out violations of KYC or anti-money laundering norms
Indian Bank's Association seeks RBI intervention
Kapur had filed a petition and had sought a stay on two directors Diwan Arun Nanda and M R Srinivasan assuming office
The bank's credit portfolio rose to Rs 1,45,066 crore as compared to Rs 1,37,086 crore at the end of March 2014
Government bonds fell, pushing the 10-year yield up by the most in two weeks, on speculation a central bank plan to sell debt ...
Dena Bank has planned to increase its vehicle finance portfolio and is especially focussing on the used car segment.Of late, the ...
This would provide an opportunity for foreign banks, which have limited branch base, to lend in agriculture, says RBI deputy ...
The awareness drive to be conducted across 27 districts of Odisha
With the USD 100-billion New Development Bank (NDB) of the five BRICS nations taking shape, the fixed shareholding quota of India ...
Confident that ICICI Bank will keep scaling greater heights, former Chairman K V Kamath has said the bank is in "great hands" ...
State Bank of India, which has received muted response for online auction of distressed commercial assets in the past, is ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank expects a loan growth of 14 per cent this fiscal on the back of economic and investment ...
The lender has entered into a tie-up with PVR Cinemas whereby its customers can tweet for tickets for Bajrangi Bhaijaan
The details include identity and address details of customers, and going forward
Sector could also use information from social media, said insurers, to assess customer habits
The initiative is expected to save more than Rs 100 crore for the industry
Company claims it is wrongly being treated as 'wilful defaulter'
Says decision to open membership for other countries will be taken in the next few months by the bank's Board of Governors
They are also demanding that Kingfisher Airlines' owner Vijay Mallya be declared as a willful defaulter
Doha Bank, one of the largest commercial banks of Qatar, is looking at the possibility of setting up a subsidiary in India, an ...
ICICI Bank Ltd , India's biggest private sector lender by assets, said on Friday it keeps receiving enquiries from potential ...
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, founder of Bandhan, will be managing director and chief operating officer of the bank
Move comes on back of Madras HC's approval for demerger of IDFC and IDFC Bank on June 29
Says this will enable the network of 1,54,000 post offices to offer banking services to the masses in the country
Feels banks often opt for refinancing rather than resolving the problem, specially with lack of agreement between lenders
Report says financial fraud led to approximately $20 bn Rs 1.26 lakh cr in direct losses annually
Approval would not be required for those directors who get re-elected on retirement by rotation
Maximum amount to be loaded is Rs 2000; minimum validity of six months
The bank, which the BRICS countries see as an alternative to the World Bank, will have its capital expanded to $100 billion ...
These funds will be a combination of equity, non-convertible debentures and term loans from banks, says MFIN
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today reduced base rate or the minimum lending rate by 0.1 per cent, a move that will bring down EMIs for ...
The All-India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) today threatened a nation-wide strike call on September 2 to protest against the ...
The management said the capital had been raised to augment the bank's capital base and to employ it for growth
Foreign equity investment cap of 49% is applicable to all Indian insurance companies as per earlier definitions by FIPB in their ...
Bankers say the credit growth in the first quarter is usually tepid on account of low economic activity
Life insurers are now taking help from credit information companiesto ascertain details given by customers at the time of ...
UBS examines 100 potentially stressed companies covering around $100 bn in loans to understand the exposure and lending practices ...
Mid-sized private sector lender Yes Bank today said that it has raised Rs 554 crore through a tier-II bond issue.
	The 10-year ...
Those planning large borrowings are concerned about pricing of instruments
The bank recorded transactions worth Rs 16,000 cr via mobile banking platform in FY15
Account aggregators to enable customers to see all their accounts across financial institutions in a common format
Though the feature is currently available only for iPhone users, within three months, the bank is looking at launching this ...
Rupee ended weak on Tuesday despite starting on a positive note due to dollar buying by banks and importers
Eyes 10% credit growth in FY16
According to BofA-ML, with inflation well on track to its under six per cent January 2016 target, a 50-basis point rate cut is ...
State-run IDBI Bank today said it has signed an agreement with Mudra Bank for refinancing of loans given to small ...
Credit growth to remain muted and net interest margins to be under pressure
To tie up with Flipkart & Paytm
While this is a concern for treasurers across industry sectors, it is higher in the consumer business and the energy and ...
The worst would be over for banks as the outlook for this financial year looks better, on account of a more favourable economic ...
The rating upgrades have outnumbered downgrades in FY14 and FY15, reflecting the improved credit quality prevailing in the system
APE is calculated as annualised regular premiums plus 10% of single premiums
Follow on public offer and capital infusion by government are two ways to raise capital, says RBI Deputy Governor
Last month, Rajan said in Stockholm that the Indian economy would withstand any impact of the Greece crisis
Bandhan is also in process of obtaining separate RBI licences for RTGS, NEFT, payments gateways and CTS
With questions being raised about a USD one-billion debt market investment of Deutsche Bank and others, financial regulators RBI ...
With questions being raised about a USD one-billion debt market investment of Deutsche Bank and others, financial regulators RBI ...
Even as big-ticket loan demand continues to be tepid, private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank is confident of maintaining up to ...
Riding on the booming e-commerce space and increasing adoption of non-cash transactions, the combined share of SBI and its five ...
Life Insurance Corporation, which has seen its market share steeply falling below the 70 per cent mark last fiscal for the first ...
State Bank of India has pitched for further rate cut by the Reserve Bank to 'pump up domestic demand' as inflation is low
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is leaving for Russia on Monday evening to participate in the inaugural meeting of the BRICS-backed ...
HDFC to raise up to $500 mn; Tata Capital Housing, Dewan Housing Finance set to raise money through ECB
This loss on the book was mainly on account of a clean-up of its bad loans portfolio
Rajiv Lall, executive chairman, IDFC earned a remuneration of Rs 4.40 cr in FY15 compared with Rs 5.55 cr in 2013-14
It further said other approved instruments for investment would also include debentures by first charge on immovable property
The two groups will look into identifying opportunities of e-commerce in insurance sector
The bank has three branches in the country at Mumbai and Kochi and is also planning a subsidiary in India to scale up its ...
Company banks on two recently launched products; collects Rs 3,310 cr new business premium in 2014-15 with 10% growth
Public sector lender United Bank of India today announced a cut of 0.25 per cent in deposit rates across various maturities.
	The ...
Banks including PNB had tied-up with LIC in life and public general insurers for accident cover
Firms now employing specalists in probe teams, creating 'red flags' in motor & health insurance, tracking social media for ...
Launches mobile banking app for Apple Watch
The Commerce and Industry Ministry has called a meeting of public sector banks on July 10 to discuss issues related with ...
The government will soon appoint new heads of major public sector banks, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said today.
	"The government ...
For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 7,940 crore in the Budget for capital infusion in state-owned banks
Aspire Home Finance, the subsidiary of Motilal Oswal Financial Services has launched MALA (Mahila Awas Loan
Closes gap with Citibank but asset quality worsens
Launches loyalty programme Rewardz, that offers reward points for various types of banking transactions
Bankers said data from credit bureaus and stringent underwriting norms have giving them confidence to grow these segments
Country's largest lender State Bank of India is moderating pace of opening brick and mortar branches as it steps up thrust on ...
The fourth largest private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) today cut its base rate by 0.10 per cent to 9.75, joining its ...
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) on Friday will take up for the fourth time the proposal of Kotak Mahindra Bank for ...
The finance ministry is working on a comprehensive package to help state-run banks, which are saddled with huge bad loans, ...
Govt banks' share in total profit also declined to 48% in FY15 from 52% in FY14
Investors become risk-averse as uncertainties loom over bond market
The RBI deputy governor stresses on strong co-relation between financial inclusion, financial literacy and consumer protection to ...
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya says she does not know the basis of reports
The council will have four members including one permanent member from LIC
This comes two months after the RBI came out with the norms allowing banks to offer differential rates on fixed deposits
The country's total external debt rose 6.6% to $475.8 billion during 2014-15 from $446.3 billion in 2013-14
BS ReporterHyderabad, 30 June: Trying first time ever to fire up book reading habit of its customers, Kotak Mahindra Bank has ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank has reduced its base rate by 15 basis points (bps)
South-based private sector lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) today cut its minimum rate of lending by 0.15 per cent to 10.95 per ...
See minimal impact as exposures are low
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today said it sees no impact of the Greek debt crisis on the bank as it has no ...
Noting opposition from PSBs, regulator believes this isn't the time to push its draft proposal; however, exclusive arrangements ...
The order comes after IDFC Ltd filed an affidavit that all statutory provisions had been complied with for the proposed scheme
To extend shareholding to 50 more banks, ties up with JCBI for card acceptance and issuance in India
Course correction to grow share of low cost deposits
Bank's gross NPAs in retail was Rs 2,528 cr at the end of March 2015 as against Rs 3,034 cr at the end of 2013-14
Says issue and allotment of bonus shares to non-resident shareholders of the bank shall be subject to the approval of the RBI
Showing an anti-consumer bias in the Indian banks' approach on interest rates, a new IMF study shows they are faster in effecting ...
In the city of Hyderabad, an affluent customer of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance, was hospitalised with viral pyrexia and ...
However, lender says it has acted totally within regulations; says its board of directors okayed 'the said excess in respect of ...
Aditya Puri, the Managing Director of HDFC Bank, continues to be the highest paid bank chief in the country.
Stating that banks and financial institutions are easy prey for fraudsters, RBI's Deputy Governor R Gandhi has asked banks to ...
Currently, the government holds 60.13% in the Mumbai-based bank
Mid-sized private sector lender Yes Bank has said it would prefer raising money through an ADR issue under its USD 1-billion ...
The health insurance industry has generated Rs 20,442 crore in premium business in fiscal 2015
The top-30 defaulters are sitting on bad loans of Rs 93,769 cr, which is more than one-third of the gross non-performing assets ...
The IMF Working Paper says absence of an effective regulatory framework aimed at preserving financial stability was the reason ...
OTS scheme is mainly addressed towards retail, agriculture and micro and small enterprises
Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Saturday said he expects Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to grant payment licence to the ...
The papers cancelled were the 7.35% 2024, the 7.95% 2032 and the 8.17% 2044
HDFC Bank has projected India's gross value added (GVA) to grow by 7.8 per cent in 2015-16 if the monsoon rain is better than ...
Companies say regulations by IRDAI would shape future fate
RBI said at its June policy review that it would monitor the rains' impact on inflation to determine whether it cuts interest ...
In April, the bank had cut base rate by 20 basis points from 10.15% to 9.95%
Foreign currency assets rose by $1.14 bn to $330.72 bn
Problem a 'broader' one and for all, not just industrial, emerging markets: Rajan
The government has earmarked Rs 7,940 crore in the Budget for recapitalisation of PSU banks this year
According to B.S. Bhandari, Member, PFRDA, beside NPS and EPFO, there are gratuity funds, super annuity funds and provident funds ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor R Gandhi today said state-owned banks are "adequately" capitalised at present
State-run banks are currently "sufficiently" capitalised, but it would be better if the government injects them with more capital ...
Stressed advances rose in first 6 months, might dip by FY16-end: RBI report
RBI has been laying emphasis on full monetary transmission after it reduced repo rate by 75 bps till now this year
The report says only 4% of farmers reported having crop insurance and only 19% of the farmers ever used any crop insurance
There has been an almost 126% jump in investments by insurance companies in NBFCs as of March 2015
Govt has decided to infuse capital based on efficiency parameters in select banks
On Wednesday, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said in Stockholm that the Indian economy would see through any impact of the ...
Rs 100 note to come with numerals in ascending size in number panels
HDFC Bank's rate action was similar to SBI, which reduced its base rate by 15 bps in April and another 15 bps in June
The matter of non-sharing of inspection reports was discussed during a meeting of Economic Intelligence Council headed by Arun ...
RBI has eased norms for accessing foreign funds with a view to providing greater flexibility in seeking access to overseas funds
Currently IRDAI, PFRDA and NPS look into the pension sector
Largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today marginally reduced its base rate to 9.70 per cent from 9.75 per cent earlier, ...
India's insurance penetration fell to 3.3% in FY15 compared to 3.9% in FY14, says global reinsurer Swiss Re
Puri, 64, has headed the bank since its inception in 1994, the longest serving chief executive of an Indian bank
Says one factor helping India is its stronger foreign exchange reserves
Bank credit has continued to grow in single digits or low double digits for almost a year
The Finance Ministry has asked public sector banks to submit their immediate and mid-term capital requirement from the government ...
Looks to grow business in on-line market place
Indian promoters of insurance companies and brokers may have to have separate structures for these subsidiaries in order for them ...
Banks will need more funds, as they have to provide more capital for the rise in non-performing assets
With a cash-to-GDP ratio of 12%, India is among the most cash-intensive economies in the world
The repo rate was cut by 25 basis points to 7.25% on june 2
After rising to 8.11% on June 12, yield on 10-year benchmark government bond fell 23 bps in the week ended June 19
The insurers and the TPAs have been asked by the regulator to mandate the hospitals to reflect such agreed discounts in the final ...
Gandhi said the process of capacity building involved more than just training
Of the total borrowings, $90 million was raised through approval route, while $2.30 billion came through automatic route
The rupee resumed lower at 63.58, against Monday's level of 63.52 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market
Karnataka Bank Ltd has entered into an MoU with Edelweiss Integrated Commodity Management Limited for extending storage ...
The goverment's plan to infuse about Rs 57,000 crore in public sector banks in two years is credit positive for the banks, rating ...
Praising the positive role being played by public sector banks, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government has not ...
Non-Banking Finance Companies (NBFCs) are increasingly looking at providing loans to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), ...
To set up a 'project office' to steer changes; to buttress presence in South Asia region
Setting up of Bank Boards Bureau, non-official director appointment next in agenda
The bank claims that this is the first time in the country that any lender has moved its trade finance operations to the mobile
After reviewing performance of govt-owned banks, he had promised more capital infusion
The new benchmark will be known as the FBIL Overnight Mumbai Interbank Outright Rate and CCIL will be the calculating agent
Indian entrepreneurs who are members of Alibaba.com will get quick access to business services from ICICI Bank
Last financial year, credit growth was the lowest in 17 years at 9.52% whereas deposits in the system inched up by 11.42%
Insurers had a tough business period in the 2014-15 financial year owing to macroeconomic conditions and slowdown in automobile ...
The govt will infuse $3 bn in PSU banks this financial year and $6 bn in the next
The nation-wide one-day strike was called to protest against the 'anti-associate' banks approach of the SBI management
United Bank of India is mulling at shifting its treasury department to the financial capital of the country in order to stay ...
As many as 11 candidates have been shortlisted by a panel headed by RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan for the post of CEO and MD of ...
To offer 8.25% for 1 year
Industry officials expect the business to form 20-25% of their overall portfolio
Officials in the sector said several TPA services were terminated by companies after discovering fraudulent practices
RBI is introducing norms for the RRBs and cooperative banks that are in line with the norms for banks
The yield on the new 10-year bond ended at 7.71 per cent on Friday, compared with the previous closing level of 7.76 per cent
Housing loans fell sharply to 0.57% from 1.46% as at the end of 2010
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose to yet another all-time high of $354.29 billion for the week ended June 12, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has fixed the rate of interest on the floating rate bonds, 2020 (FRB, 2020), applicable for the ...
He stressed on the importance of financial literacy at an RBI event
Indian benchmark government bond yields have hardened back to January levels despite three interest rate cuts this year, a shift ...
Gold loan companies are reaping the benefits of lower cost of funding as banks have been cutting their lending rates in the last ...
Much of the burden would be seen on public sector banks as they have maximum share of vulnerable assets
Madhu Kapur, second largest promoter of YES Bank, had sought stay on reappointment of M R Srinivasan & Diwan Arun Nanda
Scheme draft says govt will bear price risk, investors will be paid back in gold price with interest
Deutsche Bank today reported 93% growth in net profit to Rs 1,406 crore in the financial year 2014-15 from its India operations
The new rates are effective from June 22
In the case of Cyclone Hudhud, 882 claims have been fully settled with payment of Rs 70 crore
To support demands of State Sector Bank Employees' Association
German lender Deutsche Bank today reported a 93 per cent jump in profit from its Indian branches at Rs 1,406 crore for financial ...
Country's second-largest private sector lender, HDFC Bank today launched a 10-second paperless instant loan plan for its existing ...
After a gap of more than a decade, a new private sector lender will start operations from August 23
Says there could be higher solvency requirement for group health segment
Subramanian said real policy rates were too high for companies that were deep in debt
PTC will use the funds to boost long-term financing for renewable energy, particularly in wind and solar projects in India
Mining is the backbone of Odisha's economy and there is much reliance on mining and metallurgy
Kolkata-based microfinance company Bandhan is set to become India's newest commercial bank.
Here are a few things to know about ...
Prior to the cut, the base rate of the country's second largest private sector lender was 9.85%
SBI associate bank State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur has cut the minimum lending rate by 15 basis points to 9.95%.
Bajaj Allianz asked around 1,200 people from metros across the country as part of the survey
This is second base rate cut by the bank; cut base rate by 15 basis points to 9.85% in April also
One of the reasons why private bankers don't head a public sector bank is the lack of autonomy, according to banking industry ...
Seen heading towards 65 a $ as Fed may give hawkish signal
Vodafone invested $1.5 billion in India during the year through March 31, according to commerce ministry data
Weighted Average Rate call money rate stood at 6.96% today
IDFC, which is targeting full-fledged debut as bank by October, today said it is working on a "binary strategy" that will entail ...
Among all sectors, export credit saw the sharpest decline in deployment of gross bank credit as of April this year
Govt asks banks to present their requirement for FY16
In the investor presentation, IndusInd Bank  laid out real estate as a key business
Irdai comments awaited on implications for insurance ventures
Says central bank's move will help banks resolve bad loans
After a detailed assessment that took into account 14 components, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision said India complies ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private lender, is likely to have paid about Rs 1,000 cr in taxes
Vijayalaxmi R Iyer has joined the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India as Whole Time Member (Finance & ...
An inter-ministerial panel today deferred decision for the second time on Kotak Mahindra Bank's proposal for raising foreign ...
Punjab National Bank has largest share with over Rs 5,000 cr in bad loans being offered for sale
Commercial liability policy for products and premises covers all costs that includes defence costs
Final selection of candidates would be made by the appointment board chaired by the RBI governor
The circle, covering eight states and five zones, cocked Rs 18,900 crore business in the last fiscal
Asking all to get rid of the "myth" that the country's second-largest private sector lender targets 30 per cent growth in its ...
India Post, which has started issuing personalised debit cards to its savings account holders, is planning to issue 5 lakh new ...
After underperforming in 2014-15, state-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has improved its performance in April by recording ...
The Finance Ministry is likely to finalise additional capital requirement, over and above budget provision of about Rs 8,000 ...
In a first for state-owned banks, candidates from private sector banks have been shortlisted for interviews, for the post of CEO ...
Govt to focus on projects stalled due to financing issues, says FM after meet with bankers
The banks will give three rounds of presentations in Delhi, Mumbai and Bengaluru
With Rs 1,500 cr capacity and 12 firms participating, state-owned and private; operationalises key 2010 law
The credit offtake remains tepid.
Loans grew by 10.2% year-on-year till May 15, against 13.2% in the year-ago period, according ...
The total auction for the paper was for Rs 3,000 cr
In an earlier draft, banks had to cap business from one insurer to 90% in the first year and to 50% after four years
RBI has also decided to modify the residual maturity of cash-settled 10-year IRF to between 8 and 11 years
The outlook was negative
Seeking to pump in additional capital into state-owned banks, the Finance Ministry today held a meeting with heads of three ...
All banks unanimously expressed that in a period of 2 to 3 months, greater transmission of lower rates could be seen
EMIs of home, auto and other loans are likely to come down further with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today saying that banks ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government would also consider capital infusion into state-owned banks
More than half of a record 160 million accounts opened in India as part of a drive to offer banking to all are still empty, ...
Commercial general liability insurance cover that the firm availed of usually only pays for bodily damages
Yield on 10 year bond at 7 month high
Increasing focus on retail, a strong corporate book and Enam acquisition help the stock outperform the banking index by a wide ...
Indians abroad can subscribe to chit funds through banking channels, including accounts maintained in India
RBI has asked FinMin to increase capital infusion, says Mundra
Will be appointed at Bank of Baroda, Punjab National Bank, Canara Bank, Bank of India and IDBI Bank
So far this month, FIIs have been net sellers in debt by Rs 3,396 crore
The additional documents shall be deemed to be officially valid documents under 'simplified measure' for 'low risk' customers
The Reserve Bank today allowed non-resident Indians (NRIs) to invest in chit funds on non-repatriation basis without any ceiling, ...
In a first for India's PSU banks, candidates from private sector banks have been shortlisted for next week's interviews for the ...
The Reserve Bank today said Rs 7,940 crore earmarked for recapitalisation of PSU banks in the current fiscal is not adequate and ...
Reserve Bank today made a case for developing better strategies to deal with the problem of bad loans as hiding them would ...
A day ahead of a meeting between Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and top bankers, private sector lender Yes Bank today joined its ...
A planned $1.2 billion capital infusion by the government into state-run lenders during the fiscal year to March 2016 will not be ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank is planning to sell shares worth $750 million (Rs 4,800 crore).For this, it has hired Morgan ...
Scales down fund-raising plan by half
Company's loan book grew by 50% in the year-ended March to Rs 17,588 cr from Rs 11,735 cr on March 2014
PayZapp to allow money transfer, shopping, ticket booking
The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond ended at 8.03% compared with previous close of 7.97%.
Deposits of the banks increased by 11.48 per cent to Rs 87,89,273 crore in the reporting period
The rupee resumed lower at 64.03 against its previous closing level of 63.93 at the interbank foreign exchange market
The lender offers credit both through direct and indirect financing
Two of Canara Bank's regional rural banks have joined IMPS to take total number of RRBs offering the service to five
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) today asked companies to correct pricing anomalies of ...
Under his leadership, the market cap of the lender grew from Rs 796 cr in September 1997 to Rs 37,027 cr at the end of March 2009
Sharma will be replacing K V Kamath who is now headed to join New Development Bank being established by BRICS nations as
May dilute stake in Quippo and Viom
Will grow slower at 11% (net of redemption) in fiscal
Army had earlier signed a MoU with Punjab National Bank in 2011 with a validity of three years
Company launches child education plan for education purpose
Mangaluru-based private sector lender Karnataka Bank is aiming at an agriculture advances portfolio of Rs 6,115 crore during ...
India ranks among the top 10 countries when it comes to natural disaster risks according to Bajaj Allianz.
And with natural ...
SBI Life Insurance has introduced 'Connect Life', a tablet-based service which gives choice to the customer while purchasing a ...
The move, amid a rise in slippages from restructured assets, is aimed at resolving stress in the banking system
Reserve Bank deputy governor bats for better regulatory framework
The rising NPA estimate for FY16 is primarily driven by a greater proportion of assets restructured in the past slipping into ...
Funds likely to be used for DTL provision; HDFC Bank stake buy
Sebi has already relaxed the norms for banks to take over the ownership of such companies
HDFC Life said it is looking to grow atbetween 15-18% in the current fiscal year
An increased focus on using technology for loan approval and disbursal is in line with the bank's aim to become digitised in the ...
Bank to raise $1 billion by fresh equity & Rs 10,000 crore via NCDs
The notice was issued in a local newspaper of Rajkot on June 4 by HDFC Bank's Bodakdev branch in Ahmedabad
CEO says the bank they will strive to deliver innovative banking solutions
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will meet the heads of public sector banks on June 12 to review the banks' annual performance and ...
Reserve Bank is all set to issue first set of licences for small and payment banks in the next two months, a move aimed at ...
Competition Commission of India (CCI) has rejected allegations of unfair business practices against Bank of Baroda in a matter ...
To focus on improving profitability in auto; increase growth from overseas branches
Former finance minister Yashwant Sinha on Friday cautioned banks to desist from evergreening of loans or restructuring of debts ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank and ING Bank have joined hands for exploring opportunities arising from cross-border business, investment and ...
GIFT is conceptualised as a global Financial and IT Services hub, a first of its kind in India
The 8.24% 2033 paper saw partial devolvement and the cut-off yield came at 8.149%
Central Bank, Syndicate cut base rates; Bank of Baroda, Oriental Bank of Commerce reduce deposit rates
Private sector Kotak Mahindra Bank today inked a pact with ING Bank for exploring opportunities arising from cross-border ...
The government is set to overhaul annual targets for public sector lenders this month, ending a focus on size that has long ...
Jaitley to meet bank chiefs next Friday; move follows lukewarm response to RBI's 75-bp rate cut since January
Seeks to check piling up of cheque bounce cases in courts, wants place of presentation to be recgnised as jurisdiction
Bond yields crossed the eight per cent mark for the first time since December 2, 2014, and have hardened 36 bps since February
Foreign equity investment cap of 49% is applicable to all Indian insurance companies
PSB targetsThe annual business target structure for public sector banks (PSBs) is set to be overhauled, with more focus on ...
Cyber-crime zoomed 350% in the three years between 2010 to 2013
SKS Microfinance Limited today announced a 1.55% reduction in the interest rate charged to borrowers to 22% from the 23.55%
Private life insurer HDFC Life has launched the Cancer Care product
Banking operations were severely hit as workers struck work in five associate banks of the State Bank of India across the country ...
Employees of State Bank of India's associate banks, including State Bank of Mysore, State Bank of Patiala, State Bank of ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, aims to grow its loan book 3-4% ahead of credit growth this fiscal year.
More banks may cut deposit rates
Anshula Kant to be CFO, P K Gupta to head SBI Caps
Becoming the second foreign insurer to operate in the country
Bond yields inch higher, rupee ends weak
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) today slashed interest rate on fixed deposits by 0.25 per cent on select maturities, a ...
After central bank reduced repo rate by 25 bps, SBI announced base rate reduction by 15 bps to 9.7%
Here's why RBI decided to cut the repo rate by 25 basis points on Tuesday
SBI reduced its base rate or minimum lending rate to 9.7% from 9.85% effective June 8
Reserve Bank of India is likely to issue the licence for either Small or Payments Banks by August
State Bank of India (SBI), the nation's top lender by assets, said on Tuesday it will cut its base lending rate by 15 basis ...
RBI today said capital should be infused to that public sector banks that have exhibited greater resolve to clean up their ...
First off the blocks, state-owned Allahabad Bank today cut its base rate or minimum lending rate by 0.3 per cent within hours of ...
The first set of new banking licences will be issued by August, taking the number of such private financial institutions ...
Raises inflation target for January 2016 to 6%, calls for capital infusion into PSU banks
If the lockers are available, one can book immediately.
Else, one will be issued a wait-list number and can avail facility if ...
Currently, banks are allowed to tie up as a corporate agent with one life, one non-life and one standalone health insurer
CRR is the proportion of total deposits a bank has to keep with RBI as cash
This will be over and above sitting fee and reimbursement expenses paid by lenders
She will look after the departments of banking supervision, cooperative banking supervision and non-banking supervision
Apart from the priority sector lending norms, the lender was also facing tepid response from corporates in the last two-three ...
That MSME customers would be a key focus area, as the bank plans to open 25 new branches in the next three years: Praveen Kutty
Apart from checking the flow of unaccounted money, reduction in cash usage is held to improve cost effectiveness for banks
HDFC Bank has decided to discontinue issuing slips after cash withdrawals at ATMs and will alert the customer through SMSes
Apple tops the chart with a brand value of $246.9 bn, followed by Google with $173.6 bn and Microsoft with $115.5 bn
RBI is expected to cut its policy rate on Tuesday to prop up economic activity and boost investment as inflation remains low and ...
Lender believes with more customers moving on to online platform for research, it is integral to have an online presence at every ...
Gross premium income up 3.4% at Rs 15,183 crore in FY15
You call up your bank.
The customer executive asks you for your name and other details.
As you speak, a software in the ...
For making lending decisions, banks must carry out their own due diligence and take on risks accordingly
Bank of India's Q4 loss acts as wake-up call for govt to fast-track appointments
RBI had cut the key lending rates which had been passed on by banks to the end consumer
Basic facilities for policyholder would be free, premier services to be charged
IRDAI has said that insurers can maintain both insurance policies and claim records in electronic format
The micro finance institution has a client base of nearly 6.5 mn
This will be effective from June 1
Indian banks' loans rose 10.2 percent in the two weeks to May 15 from a year earlier, while deposits rose 11.9 percent, the ...
Stock falls 6%
NSFR limits over reliance on short-term wholesale funding
Rationale behind introduction of these cards is to reduce the cash transactions in the system
A notification in this regard was issued to all managing directors and chief executives of all private sector banks
The home loan arm will be called Fullerton Home Finance Company
The circular asks banks to encourage "large agricultural borrowers such as commodity processors, traders, millers, aggregations, ...
Rajan said that there was full understanding between him and the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on setting up of the PDMA
Out of total outstanding advances of Rs 94,755 cr made to various sectors by the banks, Rs 7,830 cr (8.26%) loans have turned NPA ...
FIPB today deferred a proposal of Kotak Mahindra Bank to increase foreign investment limit to 55 per cent.
     "We have not ...
Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance files FIPB application for foreign stake hike to 49%
Bankers say the Reserve Bank of India should take steps to boost liquidity in addition to delivering a widely expected interest ...
According to the RBI data, bank credit fell from Rs 68,30,965 cr at the end of April 3 to Rs 66,32,101 cr by the end of May 15
The expert panel has suggested the CPI+3 formula be a cap and an insurer should be allowed to increase up to this limit
With 58% healthcare spending out of pocket in India, economic costs of bad health to go up
P J Joseph top contender for post of member non-life
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) has said that foreign reinsurers wanting to set up branch offices ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to slash the benchmark interest rate by 0.25 per cent to stimulate demand, with retail inflation at ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to cut policy rates by 0.25 per cent in its upcoming policy review meet next week, a Citigroup report ...
SBI General Insurance posted a 33 per cent growth in premium income for FY15.
The insurer collected premiums of Rs 1,577 crore ...
Focus on lower cost-to-income ratio, digital medium
Moreover, the scale of slippages (like restructured loans becoming bad assets) was higher in many public sector banks
Apart from ensuring that its customers are healthy, insurers are instilling a sense of good health among their employees too
Experts say revision in eligibility criteria defeats the purpose of of opening up the vacancies to private sector players
The bank has convened an annual general meeting on June 26 to seek approval from shareholders for the proposed capital raising ...
State-run Corporation Bank today cut base rate or minimum lending rate by 0.25 percentage point to 10 per cent, a move which will ...
Pay revision details okayed for 2012-17, arrears to be paid from this month; total extra payout to staff will be Rs 8,300 crore a ...
MD Chanda Kochhar says the facility 'has the potential to increase security and convenience'
A 50 bps cut in CRR will release Rs 40,000 cr in the system, which could earn interest income and help in protecting interest ...
The reshuffling happened after Roopa Kudva, former MD & CEO, CRISIL withdrew from the committee
A majority stake in Inga Capital has been acquired, show filings
A recovery in India's credit growth could elude the country's banks until early 2016, despite an economy that in the first three ...
AFSL is strategically important to DHFL and its promoters, as they have identified education finance as a long-term, high growth ...
Many private non-life insurers appear to be shying away from the Modi government's newly launched ambitious social security ...
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today said action will be taken against banks that do not distribute the financial ...
An expert committee has suggested changing the wordings of disclaimer in advertisements of insurance companies.
Hiring in banking sector is expected to go up to 25 per cent this year on the back of a growing economy, policy overhauls and ...
Mindful of the impact of frauds on banks' financials, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will soon set up a Central Fraud Registry ...
Agents could be trained and be part of a common pool for the industry
Total income rises 10.13%; gross NPA in 2014-15 at 1.86%
These products would cover risks otherwise generally excluded today, with option to renew or not after 5 years
Improved asset quality, less of slippages; loan recovery to remain a priority, says chief
According to latest RBI data, foreign exchange reserves were at an all-time high of $353.88 bn
The coupon on the old 10-year bond has come at 7.72%
With JLF launch in April 2014, action has shifted from Corporate Debt Restructuring, with banks forming 355 JLFs up to Feb 2015
All the business verticals will now report to MDs
Bank of India Business Debit MasterCard, Platinum Credit MasterCard and International Travel MasterCard will help enhance the ...
The RBI issued this limited set of licences in April 1, 2014, after a decade
It plans to convert their fixed location offices in the state to bank branches
'At times, when you try to revive the economy, some indicators can always be patchy'
Reserve Bank of India is scheduled to announce its monetary policy on June 2
While numbers have risen, average daily transaction at each is falling, for various reasons, raising viability issues for ...
The continuation of the swap shall be subject to the existence of the underlying ECB at all times
Manufacturers & traders on online retailers to get loans; payment solution portal to help with overseas donation for govt ...
The capital adequacy at March-end was 71.67 per cent
So far, the overdraft facility has been sanctioned in only 40,000 accounts, and only 8,000 have availed of it
Telematics is a Western concept that was introduced to understand the usage of the car including the speed at which it is being ...
This facility was earlier available only for NPAs sold till 31st March 2015
To be kept in-force to extent of sum assured
India needs to privatise and change the character of its state-owned banks which have massive level of bad loans that have become ...
Inks payment solutions pact with Amazon; eyes deal with Snapdeal
The Street is expecting a 25 basis points cut in the repo rate, which currently stands at 7.50%
The company was planning to also launch a differentiated term plan for the online space
LIC, saw a drop in premiums, on the back of having lesser number of products than what they had in the previous fiscal
The UK-based payment processing giant Worldpay has partnered with IndusInd Bank to offer acquiring services in India.
	The ...
The "spectre of deflation" is spurring the world's major central banks into a dangerous struggle for stronger domestic growth ...
Gold prices have more or less been broadly in the range of Rs 26,500-27,500 for 10g
Govt allowed 23 PSU banks to raise capital through either QIP, FPO or rights issue to meet their additional capital requirement
But high capital requirement may dissuade new entrants
Consumer demand key to push growth
Will be auctioned for a notified amount of Rs 9,000 crore
Move follows series of frauds on small depositors being discivered in Andhra Pradesh
Out of a target of Rs 40,001.03 crore, the banks overall have advanced Rs 28,014.18 crore to the priority sector
Repeated incidents of earthquakes in eastern and northern regions of the country have pushed up the demand for home insurance ...
State-owned Syndicate Bank today said it will raise up to Rs 5,550 crore from a mix of equity and bond to meet its capital ...
Federal Bank and SBI Card, one of India's leading Credit Card issuer announced their collaboration to launch Federal Bank-SBI ...
IDBI Bank has decided to roll out e-huts to connect with the rural populace, a senior bank official said here today.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will meet PSU bankers to discuss stake sale plans and the problem of rising bad loans which have ...
Bankers say the rise in e-commerce and improved infrastructure in the banking system, leading to easy acceptance of cards
The number of mobile internet users was 173 mn at the end of December 2014 and was likely to go up to 213 mn
G Padmanabhan said there was also a threat of contagion from disturbance in global financial markets in capital account ...
Yields are higher by 10-15 basis points without any fundamental change to the outlook
As per rules, every insurer, who begins to carry on insurance business has to ensure that it undertakes social, rural sector ...
Investors jointly cannot hold more than 25% of paid-up equity share capital of the insurance company
The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond ended down five basis points compared with its previous close at 7.90%
n Amid the hullabaloo surrounding financial inclusion, which is about extending banking facilities to the unbanked, recent data ...
Out of the total credit, micro units are assisted with Rs 9,559 crore, small enterprises are financed to the tune of Rs 8,188 ...
The private lender has approached FIPB to seek the nod for raising foreign investment cap in the bank to 55%
He'll be moving to Shanghai, the headquarters of the New Development Bank
At present, they have claims only over those properties that have been held as collateral
The company is targeting to buy around two tonnes of used-gold directly from customers through these stores
As it scales up presence in China, India's top private sector lender ICICI Bank today said there is also enough space for Chinese ...
Maharashtra tops the list in generating non-life premium, while New Delhi has emerged as number one in general insurance density ...
State-run lender UBI does not see a remarkable turnaround in the bank unless industrial activity picks up in the iron and steel ...
Last month, SBI decided to divest up to 10% stake in its life insurance venture
Bank opened representative office in Shanghai in 2003, this March it got the nod to expand it into a branch
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s government bond auction worth Rs 16,000 crore devolved partially on primary dealers due to lack ...
RBI informed the council about the measures being taken at banks for timely detection of fraud.
The council took note of the ...
State Bank of India and ICICI Bank have launched contactless cards in the country, which will help make transactions faster
will hold the additional charge for a period of three months, or till the date of appointment of a regular managing director
Central bank plans IT subsidiary to check cyber frauds
RBI said bank boards should look at financial reports and their integrity, including NPA management
Insurance companies also say that as the instruments are a mix of debt and equity, they are not comfortable investing in them
Worried at rise in NPAs, decides to reduce loans to construction sector and focus on higher-rated firms
To hold separate auction for retail; commercial assets
In its attempt to transform itself into a digital entity, the bank is looking at starts-up to tap into technological innovations
The total business of the PSU lender grew from Rs 37,000 crore in FY14 to Rs 46,000 crore as on March 31, 2015
The NCDs will be listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange
Beyond this transaction limit, the card has to be processed as a contact payment and authentication with PIN will be mandatory
One way to avoid unsafe banking is to download apps only from genuine markets like Google Play store
India's banking system may not yet have seen the peak in bad loans, the Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said on ...
Indian Bank has registered a fall of 24 per cent in its net profit at Rs 206.16 crore in the quarter ended March 31 as it ...
India's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank is set to expand its Chinese presence with the opening of a branch this weekend ...
Among banks, SBI has highest enrolments at 16.8 million
According to the Reserve Bank of India, deposits at the end of May 1 grew 12.31% from the year-ago period
Certain loan categories such as medium enterprises, social infrastructure and renewable energy, qualify as PSL, according to the ...
The government, after failing to get satisfactory response from private sector, relaxed the rules for the recruitment process
Promoters of the Muthoot Pappachan group to infuse another Rs 200 cr
Findings show that compared to other channels like Bancassurance, customers who bought through agents have weaker perceptions ...
She served 15 years as chief of Customer Service and Operations at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
The Reserve Bank of India's limited intervention during the rupee's slide to 20-month lows against the dollar shows it welcomes a ...
Bennett, Coleman and Company Limited has been a stakeholder in the life insurer ever since its inception in 2008
About 40% of restructured assets have turned NPAs, says CRISIL
The lender is looking at having a network of 50-75 branches in the next three-five years
Say these are welfare projects and unlikely to generate returns on investments, which is inimical to shareholders
He is expected to join by June-end
Now, the next hearing has been scheduled for Wednesday
Announces dividend of Rs 6 per share; net interest income up 3% at Rs 2,127 cr
The lender plans to raise Rs 2,800 cr in the current fiscal
The bank's net NPA for the quarter ended 31st March 2015 was nearly Rs 6,330 cr
The drop is on account of higher provisions during the quarter, which went up by 11% to Rs 306 cr
DBS said it applied to set up the locally incorporated unit to boost its banking business in Asia's third-largest economy
Stressed borrowers and slow credit growth will force India's commercial banks to yield to pressure from the central bank and do ...
The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond closed at 7.89 per cent on Monday, down nine basis points from the previous close
According to the draft, new companies being registered will need to comply with the provision of "Indian owned and controlled"
Officials of the State Bank of Mysore (SBM) held discussions with industrialists of Mysuru in the weekend on the current ...
State-run Bank of Baroda's standalone net profit declined by 48 per cent to Rs 598.35 crore for the quarter ended March 31.
     ...
May get licence from RBI in August; the bank is projected to earn a revenue of Rs 2,365 cr over the first five years
Bond yields might trade with a rising bias this week and the crucial data for the market is the retail inflation data for April ...
Top 30 defaulters account for bad loans of Rs 95,122 cr, or more than a third of entire NPAs of PSU banks as on Dec 2014
"We are a working couple and looking for a loan of Rs 50 lakh.
We can repay the loan in five years time, from our annual bonuses. ...
The bank is looking at selling around Rs 500 crore NPA to asset reconstruction companies
State-owned lenders remain dominant players in India's banking system with SBI group alone accounting for about a quarter of the ...
Insurers and banks have said they won't be able to earn significant revenue from these schemes
Not even 10% of all policies in the industry have been digitised, due to resistance from both, industry players and customers
Targets Rs 1,000-cr corpus; placement period likely to open by end of first quarter of FY16
SAIL, GIC Housing Finance defer bond issuances amid rising yields
Masala bonds are rupee-denominated bonds issued in capital markets abroad
In the March quarter, provision for NPAs rose 87% to Rs 3,281 cr
The bank's net NPA stood at 3.99 per cent at the end of March 2015, against 4.15 per cent in the end of March 2015
Bank reported a turnaround compared to the net loss posted during quarter ended December 31, 2014
For the full fiscal 2014-15, profit came in at Rs 336 crore as against Rs 304 crore a year ago
State-run lender Punjab National Bank today reported a whopping 62 per cent decline in its standalone net profit to Rs 306.56 ...
Punjab National Bank, India's fifth-biggest lender by assets, said quarterly net profit fell 62% as provisions for bad loans were ...
Valuation of stake  grew 10 times in general insurance and 21 times in life insurance
Axis Bank launches Ping Pay to enable fund transfer across various platforms
Tells banks to put in place early warning system, make full provision once identified, fix responsibility on staff
Foray into credit cards from Jan 2016
Redemption of receipts in line with resolution time
Judge suggests, for non-disruptive functioning of bank, promoters should consider reducing their holdings below 10%
The finding was part of a joint report by Google India and ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Canara Bank has entered into an MoU with LIC for offering PMJJBY insurance cover and United India Insurance Co Ltd for PMSBY ...
IIFL posted a 62% growth year on year in consolidated net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2015 at Rs 131.7 crore. ...
The company is also planning to come up with public issue of bonds worth Rs 330 cr sometime in June
Implementation of joint lenders' forum needs further improvement, says Mundra
Bank eyers 50% growth in personal loans
Move will give bankers larger say in distressed firms by allowing them to acquire majority stake and take over management
Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company Limited reported its maiden profit of Rs 12.87 crore, in FY15, in its sixth full year ...
SBI associate bank State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur (SBBJ) is planning to raise capital of Rs 700 crore in the current fiscal ...
Joining its peers, Punjab National Bank (PNB) today cut its base rate by 0.25 per cent to 10 per cent, which will lead to lower ...
Tata AIA Life has announced the launch of Money Back Plus
LIC has upped its stake by 2% in the state-owned iron ore mining company NMDC
Expectation of bond street is now for a maximum rate cut of 50 bps in current fiscal
New rates effective May 6; with this, 21 of 91 scheduled commercial banks have reduced base rates
Bank intends to grow India linked businesses by $5 bn
PIL alleges that govt's inviting applications for post of MD and CEO in five PSBs was arbitrary and illegal
The regulator said that they would conduct their own due diligence for approval of such a transfer
The scheme is available across all its 1,821 branches at a cost of Rs 12 per policy per year.
The new revised rate will be effective from May 06
The plans have a cover of Rs 2 lakh each, with a premium of only Rs 12 a year for accident insurance and Rs 330 for the life ...
Plans to increase provisioning till the transition to a bank
Bank sheds high-cost deposits worth Rs 25,000 cr in Q4 to reduce cost of funds
There are eight vacancies for this slot at various public sector banks including Punjab National Bank, Bank of Baroda, Syndicate ...
Less than 20% of Indian farmers are insured, vast majority is exposed to vagaries of weather, forcing them to taking extreme
With the fund infusion, the company's equity base has gone up to Rs 45 cr
Banks are likely to witness up to 50 per cent increase in attrition this year compared to last year as new players entering the ...
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has served a notice to Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) in ...
Bank of India, Union Bank of India and Allahabad Bank -- have sought exemption from payment of dividend citing higher ...
The new rate will be effecective from Monday
State-owned Bank of India on Saturday reduced the base rate or the benchmark lending rate by 0.25 per cent to 9.95 per cent which ...
Currently, India doesn't have a single cover for all catastrophic incidents
Spotlight shifts to formation of monetary policy panel
Waive switching fees till December 2015
New India Assurance, the country's largest general insurer, is looking to expand its portfolio with a new miscellaneous product. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s foreign exchange reserves rose to an all-time high of $344.61 billion for the week ended April ...
Partners Emami's skincare brand Fair & Handsome to let consumers earn digital cash; talks on with other FMCG firms
Well down from FY14 and across sectors and segments; export credit shrank 11.9%, loans to individuals kept 15.4-15.5% pace
NBFCs are allowed to act as agents of its customers, forwarding their applications for purchase and sale of mutual fund units and ...
Will look at maximum age and tenure and then identify the candidates
Mumbai, 30 AprilGovernment bonds recorded their worst month since September 2013 due to concern rising oil prices and the ...
The bank has estimated it would require around Rs 1,200 crore in the next three years
Says Centre's thrust on housing augured well for the housing finance sector
Urban Cooperative Banks are permitted to issue general purpose cards to their customers
An inter-ministerial panel today deferred Kotak Mahindra Bank's proposal for raising foreign investment limit in the bank to 55 ...
A clear picture is likely to emerge only towards the end of June
A consortium of 24 banks has exposure to Essar Steel to the tune of Rs 30,000 crore
TAC typically meets a week before the policy while the minutes of the meeting is released with a 3-4 week lag
The 3 banks failed to take timely remedial steps and aggravated the seriousness of the contraventions and its impact, RBI said
The bank's net interest income rose 20% y-o-y to Rs 3,799 crore during the reporting period
The standalone net income rose 12% to Rs 7,456 cr; declares dividend of Rs 13 per share
Bank posted profit of Rs 280 cr compared to Rs 277 cr in same quarter previous fiscal
The RBI, in November 2013, had released a framework for large foreign banks with over 20 branches to convert into wholly-owned ...
Bank's advances up by 26.65%
Reliance Life Insurance has launched 'Reliance Health Total'
Apprehend pressure will build to waive off loans later
Smaller banks asked to fall in line in joint lenders' forum; banks want promoters to bring in equity
Says confident of managing inflation despite prospects of sub-par monsoon
IMF points out that banks in India resist passing on RBI's rate cuts to consumers
Since the start of this month the rupee has weakened by about one per cent
In an effort to help banks facing asset quality woes and to revive investments in the critical infra sector, the government today ...
Private life insurance player, Aegon Religare Life Insurance (Aegon Religare) is planning to expand its product portfolio by ...
State-run Bank of India today opened its bond issue to raise $750 million (about Rs 4,750 crore) under its medium-term notes ...
Bad loans rise but bank says worst is over; healthy growth in retail loans
Irdai has asked insurers to handle policyholder grievances with seriousness, promptness and empathy to enhance the trust and ...
Classification of priority sector lending assets and minimum margin fixed for these also reduced assets qualifying for ...
The bank recently completed the Rs 15,000-cr merger of ING Vysya Bank with it to become the fourth largest lender in the private ...
The tenure of these are 5.5 years and the coupon rate is 6.5 per cent
It will be raising tier-1 and tier-2 capital of Rs 1,500 crore each at 9% and 8% interest rate respectively
YES Bank announced its international foray by launching its first International representative office in Abu Dhabi, UAE
Insurers begin surveys; easier claim payouts to be facilitated
Arrangers still stuck with 50% of the issuances
Tech Mahindra, a subsidiary of Mahindra & Mahindra, has applied to RBI for a permit to set up a payments bank
As it continues its search for chiefs at five public sector banks, the government has relaxed eligibility criteria with regard to ...
The government is likely to add two more parameters for capital infusion in state-run banks including geographical location of ...
The way Snapdeal bypassed investment banks for the Freecharge deal might give the bulge bracket banks sleepless nights
Irdai has said no corporate agent can get more than 90% business from one insurer in life, non-life or health in their first year ...
TPA to begin operations from 1 July, 2015
Bank of Baroda, a leading Indian public sector bank, has tied up with UAE Exchange to offer an instant cash transfer facility to ...
According to India Ratings, agricultural non-performing loans may double
Uncertainty prevails over future of scheme
Proposes village level surveys to assess crop loss instead of circle level through satellite imaging
Cautioning against taking farmer suicides "lightly", Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday said small and ...
Government is in the process of finding non-executive chairmen for public sector banks and it has already appointed managing ...
India's banks could see their lending-related costs rise by up to a fifth as a recent rule change means they must make bigger ...
Glibberbug Technologies has raised Rs 75 crore (around $12 million) in a Series-B round of funding from venture capital funds ...
Now, loans to sectors such as social infrastructure, renewable energy and medium enterprises will also be treated as PSL
Deloitte reports hike in numbers, improved method; better recovery
Profit taking, concern over MAT prompt outflow
Central bank can only regulate rates for money, commercial papers and corporate bonds
FII/FPI limit to be 74% of share capital; shareholders to benefit once regulations are issued
The drive sees the total NPA accounts coming down to 244,000 from 354,000
The number of frauds in the banking sector have increased by more than 10 per cent over the last two years, with retail banking ...
Asset Reconstruction Company India Ltd (ARCIL) has acquired stressed loans, including non-performing assets (NPAs) worth over Rs ...
Users can download the 'iWear by ICICI Bank' and register themselves.
Once registered, they can login to the app and carry out ...
But action to gather steam only in 2nd half; infra & industrial activities yet to pick up pace
That convergence will provide efficiency and optimisation, he said
An intense collaboration could mutually benefit banks and e-commerce companies
CII, PwC report claims wearable payment solutions will become common soon as banks move from password-based devices to biometric ...
At present, foreign investors together hold 48.5% in it, pursuant to its merger with ING Vysya Bank
The scheme will come into effect from June 1, 2015
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is exploring the possibility of allowing the business correspondent (BC) of a particular bank to ...
Private sector Kotak Mahindra Bank has approached the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) to hike foreign investment ...
India's largest private sector lender ICICI bank has tied up with a leading UAE-based bank to offer an instant remitting service ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said it has alloted 13.92 crore shares to the shareholders of ING Vysya Bank as ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank today said it is awaiting correct valuation before coming out with a follow-on public offer, which ...
The report said that with the proliferation of mobile-based services and the reducing median price of smartphones, the payment ...
Bankers hold lack of policy consistency as key reason for not cutting rates and disputing RBI rationale on the matter
The Reserve Bank has received 72 applications for small finance banks and 41 for payments banks
RBI is in the process of vetting the applications for payments bank, which will be awarded within the next few months
Uncertainties about their extent & eventual normalisation have induced greater volatility & intensified pressures on both ...
Business Standard takes you through the reforms and their impact on the policyholder
Tap n Pay enables ICICI bank account holder to make over-the-counter payments without using cash
Under this policy, Rs 2.5 lakhs would be given for bariatric surgery
Indian banks, hoping to offset a slow recovery in corporate lending, are pushing into credit cards and personal loans, using ...
Insurers to offer Rs 2 lakh accident cover for a premium Rs 12 a year and life cover of Rs 2 lakh for an annual premium of Rs 330
This is because of an expected business drop owing to smaller claims going out of their purview
CII President Sumit Mazumder said the cut will happen in three tranches to revive investments and growth
Subdued new premium growth due to poor auto sales and lack of new projects have dented the general insurance industry's business ...
LIC's total shareholding is now 12.04%
Arun Jaitley has budgeted bank recapitalisation of Rs 7,940 crore for 2015-16
The monsoon outlook for this year will be released by the India Meteorological Department this week and the broad expectation is ...
To form project finance unit, will focus on renewable energy, port, roads
With limited liability of Rs 15 lakh in third-party motor insurance, accidents could get a lot costlier for the insured
The IMF, he said, needs to play more of a role in judging policy, "not allow the fig leaf of monetary intent" to determine ...
It is a domestic debit card and will be accepted at over 190,000 ATMs and one million point of sale (PoS) terminals in the
RBI Act amendments for MPC not likely even in monsoon session
The central bank had proposed early withdrawal feature for term deposits earlier this month
The MD & CEO said that the growth was on account of core fee income rising by 29% and rise in net interest income by 18%
Norms for FY15 to continue in interim
Only products that are approved for it can be sold for the CSC model
ICRA predicts interest rate risk; market reaches Rs 10-lakh crore, needs Rs 28,000 crore capital in five years
Bank customers may soon be able to deposit cash in their accounts from any bank's cash deposit machines
With Irdai proposing to increase the limit for appointing external surveyors to Rs 50,000, things should get simpler for smaller ...
Final contours of the composition, responsibility, and powers of the proposed Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) is likely still ...
RBI deputy governor says the central bank is working on making interoperable cash deposit machines a reality
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank has registered a 25.1% rise in its net profit for the fourth quarter to Rs 495.27 crore.
Loan growth shoots up to 12.6% from 9.5% in the span of a fortnight
Debt recast seen at historic high and loan demand remains sluggish; net interest margins could improve
Court was hearing a PIL seeking directions to allow banking customers to make unlimited number of transactions free of any charge ...
While leading banks and housing finance companies offer the same rates, the latter are allowed to include registration, stamp
At present, KFSL offers small-ticket loans against gold and property, and finances purchase of commercial vehicles
MetLife Major Illness Premium Back Cover, a health insurance policy that covers 35 critical illnesses, was launched in the city ...
Banks have issues with their balance sheet profiles, say PSB executives
Central bank planning to have a Facebook page
The bank will pay an additional royalty of Rs 209 cr to KMRL over the next 10 years for the right to be KMRL's partner
Becomes the largest pvt sector lender in a segment that most banks have exited
Say benefits of bank lending cuts yet to get translated
The bank had 1.49 mn transactions in January 2015 compared to 0.29 mn transactions in January 2014
The bank follows other private and public sector banks that had already slashed their base rates
CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been advocating a national debate on crop insurance scheme which should be farmers friendly
Deposits with a maturity period of 91-180 days has been brought down from 8.25% to 8.10%
Credit Default Swaps could be relaunched and steps to enhance liquidity in corporate bonds may be announced
As per convention, for every vacancy a minimum four candidates are interviewed by government
Becomes first Indian lender to develop mobile banking app for Apple's latest offering in India
New rate 9.9%; for existing customers, it is 10%
Cumulatively, Rs 3,832 crore has been sanctioned to 91,462 units
The bank as of now has about 1.6 lakh customers, 82% of them women
Matching its competitor HDFC Ltd, State Bank of India today announced a cut in home loan interest rate by up to 0.25% for new ...
The Reserve Bank's plan to introduce an external benchmark rate, like the Libor, for better pricing of various financial products ...
The Department of Posts (DoP) will soon seek Cabinet approval for Rs 240 crore for setting up Post Bank of India.
	The DoP has ...
Insurance behemoth LIC has bought 7.98 crore shares, or 2.13%, of NMDC to take its total stake in the state-run iron ore miner to ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday said the rupee might become fully convertible in the next few ...
He also said that India will go towards full account convertibility in a few years time
The central bank intends to prescribe norms as NBFCs outsourcing various activities are exposed to various risks
Home loan firm gets RBI nod for $500-mn ECBs
Starting from 4% on daily balance up to Rs 1 lakh, interest rate will be 6% for balances above Rs 10 lakh
Enters agreement with ABN AMRO Bank for cooperation in diamond & jewellery financing
Recommends lifting all sectoral caps, end-use restriction but insists on firms hedging at least a specified proportion
He hinted at the possibility of a postal bank and said public sector lenders will be the biggest 'change agents'
IndusInd Bank Ltd  said it would buy Royal Bank of Scotland's  diamond and jewellery financing business in India and the related ...
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan says banks will get capital support if a clear case of recapitalisation is made
R K Nair had retired as member (finance & investment) in mid-March
The plan returns all the premiums paid in case there is no claim from the policy holder during the policy term and upon survival
Currently, the entire govt bond limit for foreign investors is almost fully exhausted
Micro Unit Development and Refinance Agency to be an NBFC, initially with Rs 20,000-crore corpus; to be later converted into a ...
Rajan made it clear they had no option but they were firm in opposing; however, mutual confabulations convinced them that, having ...
We have enough foreign fund flows.
That is why there is no urgency to raise the limit: Finance secretary
The funds raised through the issue will be used for infrastructure equipment financing
More state-run banks to follow suit
The sectors will have a large investment by way of tax-free bonds
According to the guidelines, for FDI beyond 26% and up to 49%, government approval is needed
Home loan borrowers can look forward to an increase in their loan eligibility and a fall in EMIs
Nabard estimates credit potential of Rs.1,44 lakh crore for Tamil Nadu in 2015-16
The Reserve Bank today said it has instructed banks to restructure loans of farmers whose crops have been damaged by the recent ...
Country's third-largest private sector lender Axis Bank today cut its base rate or the minimum rate of lending by 0.20 per cent ...
The cooling off period after suspension/ cancellation has been reduced from three years to one year
The regulator said these insurers or reinsurers can accept reinsurance business of all classes of business within the SEZ and ...
The regulator said that the branch office shall be capable of underwriting risks and settle claims
HDFC Bank Ltd, the country's second-biggest private sector lender by assets, will reduce its base lending rate by 15 basis points ...
SBI is the first major bank to cut its base lending rate this year
In his Budget, FM Arun Jaitley had proposed the Micro Units Development Refinance Agency with a corpus of Rs 20,000 cr and credit ...
The Reserve Bank will come out with final guidelines on priority sector lending (PSL) for banks by end of this month which will ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Tuesday a cut in the cash reserve ratio (CRR) would not impact lending ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the Micro Units Development and Refinance Agency Ltd.
(MUDRA) bank at the Vigyan Bhavan ...
At least Rs 2,000 crores have been spent to avoid any loss that might occur out of cancellation or shortening of matches
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan in his first bi-monthly monetary policy statement said that they are waiting ...
Things you need to know about the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy actions
RBI executive director on need for caution in allowing foreign investors more room; it's not a clean slate
Amid speculation about the uneasy relationship between Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan (pictured) and the ...
At present, banks can only tie up with one life, one general and one health insurance company, apart from specialist insurers
Some crystal ball gazing suggests these few developments are in the offing
RBI has permitted exporters to receive long-term export advance to execute long-term supply contracts for export of goods
Regulator set to tighten norms for banks' large exposures
Continued pressure on interest margins and provisioning costs are the reasons
RBI has allowed banks additional time for classifying a restructured asset as non-performing by extending the DCCO by up to 2 yrs
LIC and Dena Bank have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to implement the Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana
Canara Bank holding an extraordinary general meeting on April 30, 2015 to obtain shareholders' consent
For better transmission, many economists also expect RBI to ease cash reserve norms
Most of the restructured loans is from the corporate sector
The RBI decision has come after being told that such firms were facing difficulties with regard to furnishing two documents as ...
Has conveyed its concerns on the issue to the Finance Ministry and the Reserve Bank of India
The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond fell on Tuesday to 7.74%, compared with the previous close of 7.76%
Private sector general insurers Reliance General, ICICI Lombard and Universal Sompo, among others, have committed around Rs 100 ...
State-run lender Dena Bank, which did not receive good response for its non-performing assets (NPA) sale last fiscal, is now ...
Company in process of setting up software processes and hiring personnel
IFCI Factors' CAR fell from 20.95 per cent at the end of March 2014 to 12.25 per cent in December
State-owned Canara Bank is likely to get fund infusion of up to Rs 1,500 crore from the country's largest insurance firm Life ...
PM Modi says RBI and govt are on the same page
Irdai said corporate agents cannot get more than 90 per cent business from one insurer in one category in the first year
Micro-financier to start banking foray with a bang with 600 branches
Banks says both states are actively involved in rural development; it had clocked 5% disbursement growth in the regions in FY15
Pitching for greater gender diversity on its board, state-run banking giant SBI's Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya today said ...
Raghuram Rajan said there has always been a 'constructive dialogue' between RBI and the government
'Make In India should start from here.
I believe we can do this,' the Prime Minister said
Lauding the efforts of the Reserve Bank in improving macro-economic conditions in last eight decades, Finance Minister Arun ...
Any director in non-official capacity will be appointed for up to six years or two terms
Meanwhile, for the fortnight ended March 20, deposits grew 11.42% y-o-y
The entire amount due to the bank, for which the bank is liable, is to be provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters
An International Financial Services Centre is being set up at Gandhinagar, Gujarat as part of an SEZ
Shortlists three for CEO post; eyes 20% growth in FY15
Acquisition will make Kotak Mahindra fourth largest private sector lender in the country, with a total business of Rs 2.25 lakh ...
This will include states and Union territories where it is a public holiday, except for branches in Delhi, Chhattisgarh, Haryana, ...
The step has been taken to further liberalising the procedures for export of goods and services
Banks which want to set up units within the special financial zones being created in India will only be allowed to transact in ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India today said it has extended the banking hours at all its branches in Maharashtra on ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank has raised Rs 3,000 crore by issuing long term non-convertible bonds through private placement.
Citi India Chief Economist Rohini Malkani will step down from the post with effect from April 30, for personal reasons.
Indian private sector lender Catholic Syrian Bank has filed for an initial public offering to raise up to 4 billion rupees ($64.2 ...
HSBC Bank Oman has completed the sale of its Indian assets to Doha Bank, the affiliate of HSBC Holdings said in a statement on ...
Between July 2014 and February this year, commercial banks formed 355 JLFs for troubled cases
Each corporate agent can tie up with up to three insurers, in the life, general and healthcare categories
PSB profitability has been under pressure due to low interest income, higher provisioning for stressed loans and an enhanced ...
Banks rush for funds ahead of a series of holidays beginning Wednesday
Both for private cars and two-wheelers, the rates from April 1 would only go up by Rs 65 to Rs 340 according to the motor premium ...
Last week, SBI said it would be reducing stake in its general insurance venture from 76 per cent to 51 per cent
The RBI stated Indian residents' financial assets abroad stood at $490.5 billion at end-December 2014
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has liberalised the norms for taking position in exchange-traded currency derivatives.It raised ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revised the guidelines for capital adequacy and liquidity norms.
These will come into effect ...
The post-tax surplus of the agri-bank in 2013-14 was Rs 1,860 crore
LIC has informed that it is willing to subscribe up to 40 million equity shares, at a price to be determined according to Sebi ...
YatraGenie is an online bus ticketing and cab booking platform run by Bengaluru-based Paxterra Software Solutions
Bank also focusing on encouraging customers to use technology tools
It is good news for all vehicle owners as the motor third party premiums have been increased only by few hundred rupees
ATM guards in Uttar Pradesh would soon be provided with a mobile app to alert the local police during ATM heists
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has launched a traditional participating insurance plan called Young Assure with features to help ...
The company enters travel insurance segment with launch of SmartTraveller
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, said on Tuesday it had received approval for divestment of its stake in ...
Canadian arm repatriates Canadian dollar 80 million, UK arm repatriates $75 million
Banks can now utilise up to 50% of provisioning buffer for making NPA provisions instead of the earlier 33%
According to the proposal, an approval shall be required even for any change in the shareholding of an NBFC
Capital infusion, infra financing, FDI in insurance etc among the many noteworthy changes
The weighted average call money rate inched up to 7.80% on Monday
Deposits grow to Rs 8,178 cr during fiscal 2014-15 as against Rs 6,791 cr as of March 2014
Order was made after a complaint filed by a timber company
Leading private sector lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank have cut rates by up to 0.25 per cent on high value fixed deposit on ...
Private sector lender ICICI Bank today said it has repatriated excess funds from its two overseas subsidiaries as part of capital ...
Equitas Micro Finance the Micro Finance Institution arm of the Chennai based Equitas Holdings completed three securitisation ...
Says the proposed institution, which will enable quick sharing of information on entities found to be defrauding banks, will work ...
LIC, the largest player, has seen a 40% growth in March 2015 in new premium compared to February 2015
Poor valuations, problems in claim ratios, staff opposition for state-run units among issues to be addressed
The bank would also raise additional tier I capital to support its renewed lending activity
Worried over the shortfall in the overall direct tax collection kitty, the government has asked banks, both public and private, ...
On March 9, regulator had proposed an increase in the third-party premium, ranging between 14% and 108% from April 1
Why unnecessarily raise capital and sit over it as there is no demand for credit at this point of time, CMD Arun Tiwari said
Central bank will soon come up with guidelines to enable quick sharing of information about unscrupulous borrowers and help banks ...
Lenders would take up issue of spectrum as collateral with DoT
The study was conducted to understand how health insurance is perceived, bought and utilised in India
Tomorrow is a bank holiday on account of Ram Navmi, followed by a holiday on April 2 for Mahavir Jayanti, and then April 3 for ...
T M Bhasin has been given a sixteen-month extension in the capacity of a CEO and not CMD though
The earlier revised regulatory framework for NBFCs were issued in November 2014
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in consultation with the government has fixed the limits for ways and means advances (WMA) for ...
Plans to cap bank exposure limit at 25% of tier-I capital
To cut stake in general insurance venture to 51% from 76%
The bank will continue to focus on lending to retail and SME sectors
Insurance repositories will be involved in the process of maintaining these policies in a digital format
According to Assocham, while ATMs will technically remain operational, problems could arise
Most banks would have garnered funds from bulk deposits
Plans to launch Ulip soon; looks at investing in 20-year, 40-year bonds
A National Crop Insurance Programme was implemented from 2013 and loanee farmers are compulsorily covered under this component ...
The industrial activity has not picked up much due to which corporates are not borrowing much
r HDFC Bank today said Andhra Pradesh and the newly-formed Telangana stood top on the bank's high-growth avenues and added the ...
Private lender HDFC Bank today said Andhra Pradesh and the newly-formed Telangana stood top on the bank's high-growth avenues and ...
RBI today signed a USD 400 million currency swap agreement with the Central Bank of Sri Lanka for three years that will allow the ...
These long tenure bonds will help to develop the yield curve beyond 30 years
The Street believes the transition will be smooth and it might take six to 12 months for the changes to fully take effect
Cardholders can pay with points across 750 retail, dining outlets
Committee was appointed to effect synergy and uniformity in the efforts being undertaken in the areas of data reporting and data ...
Sector players await government's decision on future of Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana
For those who use basic services and visit the branch often, there isn't a big difference between the two
The  company has been able to clock new business premium of Rs 1,100 crore in the current fiscal
Andhra Bank and Indian Bank, have slapped notices on 7 Acres Studios, located adjacent to the main Annapurna Studios in the ...
The shareholders of Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank today passed a resolution sought by the bank to raise Rs ...
This is about 60% of the full-year gross borrowing estimate of Rs 6 lakh cr for 2015-16
The huge supply of government paper... is one of the major impediments to the growth of corporate bond market: R Gandhi
To get better pricing, products suited for the market based on global expertise
The survey finds economic outlook in India remains strongest in world at 94%
According to data made available by RBI, the gross NPAs of public sector banks stood at Rs 2,60,531 cr, as on December 2014
The bank secured shareholders' approval at an extraordinary general meeting here on Monday
Barclays Plc and Deutsche Bank AG predict India's central bank Governor Raghuram Rajan will frontload interest-rate cuts, ...
The finance minister in the Union Budget had said two new insurance schemes for lower income groups would be launched
Capital markets regulator also finalising framework to restrict wilful defaulters
Says the auto sector is expected to report a healthy growth this year
Commercial tax arrears on organizations falling under the Bhubaneswar range has mounted to Rs 2333.47 crore (as on February ...
However, govt's fiscal consolidation plan was hailed as a step in right direction, which will aid in deepening of corporate debt ...
The rise in government borrowings through bonds is impeding the growth of the corporate debt market in the country, Reserve Bank ...
Hover below 10% due to RBI's steps for liquidity infusion
The insurance industry was the 16th largest market and was expected to be one of the top 10 markets by 2025
In a major fillip to banks struggling with bad loans, markets regulator Sebi today relaxed its norms for conversion of their debt ...
With most PSU banks remaining reluctant to pass on the benefit of monetary policy easing by RBI, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley ...
ETuropean Investment Bank (EIB), the world's largest multilateral borrower and lender, has sought Reserve Bank of India's ...
Indian insurance sector is set for a major upgrade in its valuation and foreign players may infuse $ 8-10 billion (over Rs 60,000 ...
Finance Ministry has called the first meeting of all stakeholders, including MSME and microfinance institutions, on March 25 for ...
PSU banks have reported over 2,100 fraud cases involving a sum of Rs 11,022 crore in the first nine months of the ongoing fiscal
The regulator has made it mandatory for insurers to have a minimum percentage of motor third-party business underwritten
The new guidelines, with higher penalties and more onus on selling based on the requirements of customers, will be effective from ...
Chairman and managing director of state-owned UCO Bank Arun Kaul on Saturday said data mining, the analytic process designed to ...
The move comes after Parliament voted to increase the amount foreign investors can own in the nation's insurers to 49 per cent ...
Board to meet tomorrow, will take up central bank's role as debt market regulator
United Bank of India and Andhra Bank employees start organising silent protests outside houses and work places of defaulters
Reserve Bank has lowered interest rates by 0.50% since January 2015, but banks are yet to pass on the benefits to borrowers, says ...
Amidst differences over regulation of money market between RBI and the government, the central bank today said there is a need to ...
The government will not take away any 'significant' power of the RBI and a clarification on the central bank's role in the ...
Bank aiming to imrpove CASA level to 31% in next two years
Public sector lender Bank of India (BOI) today said it has raised over Rs 641.99 crore by issuing shares on preferential basis to ...
The central bank plans to talk with lenders about passing on interest rate cuts through lower lending rates, Reserve Bank of ...
While banks are expected to cut lending rates from April 1, the increase in service charges and penalties will pinch customers
Plans to set up operations for financing the gems and jewellery sector in India
Insurance industry unsure about the limits of so-called control clause and what it entails for foreign investors
Retail deposit rates slashed by 15-25 bps in select maturities
Says insurers should underwrite such minimum percentage in 90 per cent of the overall motor TP insurance business premium
Trifecta raises fund size target up from Rs 300 cr to Rs 400 cr
AEGON Religare Life Insurance (ARLI) launched a campaign - #NothingWillHappen, for its flagship protection plan iTerm.
ARLI has ...
Customers can now receive money directly into their bank accounts in India
Mutual fund houses have said that tax benefits for retirement solutions should be provided on the lines of the New Pension System ...
Says RBI will take cues from a statement by Fed
With each rate cut, government bond yields are seen falling further, thus making returns on tax-free bonds less attractive
It is expected the profits of banks in the fourth quarter will be driven by treasury gains
Post bifurcation, the present AP Cooperative Bank (Apcob) is to be split into two
NRI deposits grew 15.77 per cent to cross Rs 100,000 crore for the first time in the state.
NRI deposits rose to Rs 104,573 crore ...
The CRR was left unchanged at 4
per cent in the last policy review held on March 4.
Banks are resorting to profit booking in bonds ahead of the end of the financial year 2014-15
However, sources say the central bank will be in charge of other money market instruments
Improvement in the asset quality of Indian banks and growth in credit offtake is likely to take more time as the problems in ...
Despite the market's concerns, the financial services company believes public sector banks may do better than expected
SBI sold 124 of the 450 properties put through auction on an electronic platform, for about Rs 90 cr
Notes foreign debt-heavy Indian firms vulnerable; also says central banks need to be ready to act on market volatility, praises ...
Rajan started by asking whether as a central banker to the world of sorts, Lagarde manages enough sleep at night
Seek more adoption time from IRDAI
This rule is part of the final guidelines for appointment of insurance agents that IRDAI came out with
Plans to shut most branches offering gold loans by end-March
Chillr app has been developed by Kochi-based MobME
The Karnataka-based bank expects a 15-16% credit growth
State-run Canara Bank has sold shares worth Rs 11.54 crore in Credit Analysis and Research Limited (CARE), a domestic rating ...
Insurance experts say that this money can be raised in next three years; top five can make gains of Rs 20,000 cr
Says guidelines for new banks in private sector did not provide any flexibility for NBFCs in 2013
State Bank of Travancore's Rs 474-crore rights issue will open on Tuesday and the funds garnered through the issue will be ...
Andhra Bank has got shareholder approval to raise Rs 120 crore in additional equity by issuing shares to the government.
Public sector bank Dena Bank runs the risk of negative rating action if the government, its major owner with 58 per cent stake, ...
Government proposes to introduce Priority Sector Lending Certificates (PSLCs), on the lines of carbon credit trading, wherein ...
Insurance industry has welcomed the new law that empowers regulator Irda to fix agency commission, saying this will help arrest ...
Officials claim it is still most competitive; less balance would earn 6% interest
Country's largest lender SBI, which today began an e-auction of a large chunk of its distressed assets, has extended the bidding ...
Auction worth Rs 1,200 cr includes houses, factories, residential & commercial plots
It will later be converted to a full-fledged bank through an Act of Parliament
It would issue 100.4 million shares on preferential basis for Rs 2,970 cr
Discussions already on with foreign partners; PSBs in the sector have opportunity to get over capital shortage by divesting, ...
The Reserve Bank of India has relaxed the know-your-customer norms for proprietary firms
Sanlam, the South African financial services group, is keen to increase stake in Indian JV
Tax-free bonds which are seen hitting the street in the financial year 2014-15 may not be able to get the same attention it had ...
India's largest mobile commerce platform, Paytm has introduced the Immediate Payment Service (IMPS) on its platform.
Financial Services Secretary, Hasmukh Adhia said on Friday that the proposed Micro Units Development Refinance Agency (MUDRA) ...
The Non Performing Assets (NPAs) of the banks in the country stood at Rs 3,00,611 crore as on December 2014, government told Lok ...
Asserts this is an attempt to malign its reputation
Tax-free bonds which are seen hitting the street in the financial year 2014-15 may not be able to get the same attention it had ...
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited - India's first stand-alone insurer - is planning to raise around Rs 300-400 ...
Bharti will move FIPB soon for increasing Axa's stake to 49%, Reliance Cap to begin talks with Nippon
Firm seeks to ramp up priority sector lending, is also in talks with MFIs for acquiring a stake
The bank will sell its repossessed flats, warehouses and offices worth a total of nearly Rs 1,255 crore
The investment has been made at Rs 530 per share representing a premium of over 11% to the stock price of Reliance Capital
The investment, of Rs 30,000 crore annually, would be made through bonds issued by IRFC
He said given there persists a very competitive financial service sector, once certain banks start taking action others will ...
These appointments have happened after a long delay
The lender plans to complete the pact to sell about 5% of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance by March-end
This is because Macau and Hong Kong are the two Special Administrative Regions of China
The plan offers a combination of protection and savings
Report points out corporate vulnerability indicators remain elevated
The move is necessitated after the FM allocated Rs 8,000 cr in his budget to the banks in FY16, well below the initially planned ...
The government appointed R P Marathe, a General Manager with Bank of Baroda, as an executive director of Bank of India
Banks would prefer to defer any decision on lending rates until after the RBI holds its monetary policy review on April 7, Bank ...
The Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) bonds to be issued within the next few weeks will only see appetite from insurers ...
Over the FY15's first nine months, CAD narrowed to $26.2 bn from $31.1 bn
To review Q3 performance; likely to ask banks to cut lending rates
Private cars may see 29-108 per cent hike in TP premiums, two-wheelers could see 14-32% hike
India is encouraging investment to help fund improvements in infrastructure
Meeting will review credit offtake and the progress made under the Jan Dhan Yojana, among other things
Tata AIA Life today announced the launch of its new life insurance solution Tata AIA Life Insurance Smart Growth Plus (Smart ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, today announced the launch of ICICI Pru Smart Life
Banks to face operational curbs, higher penalty for non-compliance
To also set in motion changes under Subramanian panel suggestions
Even if banks do not rush to cut rates now, it is possible they would not renew the bulk deposits given to large companies at ...
Industry sources said that this is to ensure that banks are not dissuaded from opening up their branch network to other insurers
Service tax introduced on insurance premiums last year will be hiked to 14%; GST implementation will lead to steeper hikes in ...
Needs up to Rs 3,000 cr equity by March 2019, says ICRA
Central bank has been taking strict action like imposition of penalty and denial of branch expansion against the erring urban ...
Strengthening existing institutions is more important, because it will be a long time before the new bank becomes operational, ...
The Budget proposal to include non- banking finance companies (NBFCs) under the Sarfaesi Act is credit positive for lenders of ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) has approved the appointment of Trevor Bull as the Managing ...
The bank has submitted a panel of candidates for CEO to RBI and its response is awaited
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) today became the first bank to cut benchmark lending rate, or base rate, by 0.1 per cent to 10.15 ...
The meeting comes against the backdrop of RBI on March 4 announcing a 0.25% rate cut
On International Women's Day, Union Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today chided lenders for being gender insensitive while ...
Auction of new bond likely in April
In the previous fortnight, banks' credit had grown at 10.38%, while deposits increased by 11.77%
Meet the individuals who've applied for a small finance bank or payments bank licence
Loan book to increase by Rs 13,000 cr; total portfolio of projects supported by Bank is currently Rs 1,80,000 cr
State Bank of Travancore, associate banking unit of State Bank of India, will need equity capital of Rs.2, 500-3, 000 crore to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s foreign exchange reserves hit an all-time high of $ 338.08 billion for a consecutive week, show ...
The National Payments Corporation of India on Friday announced linking of 15 crore Aadhar cards with various bank accounts in ...
The umbrella lobby group of the lenders, Indian Banks Association (IBA), is likely to convene a meeting with insurers shortly to ...
With Non Banking Finance Companies- Microfinance Institutions (NBFC-MFIs) likely to have overall debt of Rs 360 billion to Rs 420 ...
Stamp duty, registration to be included while calculating loan-to-value ratio for home loans up to Rs 10 lakh
Companies say that existing insurance agents may also look at it as alternate career
Only 39% women hold a health insurance policy, 48% say they don't have one, while 12% are not sure
They cite hurdles in getting approvals and assistance from magistrates for seizing physical assets under the law
He said strict action would be taken in case of cartelisation on the part of the banks
After the Reserve Bank's rate cut on Wednesday, issuers are rushing to raise short-term funds.
RBI cut the repo rate, at which it ...
Hopes to reduce home loan rate in 'near future'; to be applicable for all customers
Thumbs-up for consolidation map but will watch action; sceptical on CSO's revised growth estimate painting economy as robust
IDBI Bank has also appointed N S Venkatesh, its executive director, as chief financial officer in place of P Sitaram
Axis Bank has priced a $ 250 million bond issue via a tap of its existing 3.250 per cent senior unsecured notes due 2020.
The ...
This year's business target for the region is of Rs 4,850 crore
Says long-term corporate credit would pick up as projections for economic growth are quite favourable
Heads of state-owned banks say they will consider cutting rates after internal reviews
The Reserve Bank of India cut the repo rate by 25 bps to 7.5% today.
Formation of monetary policy committee needs to be speeded up: Experts
Say they have to figure out ways of raising capital from the market or any other methods including additional tier I and tier II ...
Says standalone credit quality more important for ratings; assumes lower support form government
Yield on 10-year benchmark bond ended at 7.76% on Tuesday compared with previous close of 7.74%
Will pay interest at 8.7% on deposits above Rs 5 cr maturing in 350-375 days instead of 8.81% earlier
RBI has decided to extend the all-in-cost ceiling of trade credits for imports into India and external commercial borrowings ...
All the 12 public sector banks (PSBs) which have been deprived of capital infusion by the government could face a serious ...
Coffee planters from Karnataka owe an estimated Rs 1,200 cr dues to bankers and many have defaulted
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has refused to share its banks' inspection reports on alleged money laundering laws and other ...
Monetary policy panel to be set up via amendments to Reserve Bank Act
The FII limit in government bond is full while for corporate bonds, about 70% has been exhausted
MCX seeks to launch gold, other commodity futures for foreign firms
Jeevan Jyoti Bima and Suraksha Bima, with life and accident insurance cover respectively of Rs 2 lakh each, are the schemes under ...
Retain 40% target for priority sector loans, introduce PSL certificate, group says
To deal with the global financial crisis, many central banks around the world are printing money and reducing interest rates to ...
Insurance marketing companies can tie up with two life, two general and two health insurance companies
Says the debt burden and large budgetary subsidies could constrain the speed of improvements in credit metrics
Government has given additional charge of Managing Director and CEO of Bank of Baroda to Ranjan Dhawan, the senior most executive ...
The $50 mn bonds will provide long-term finance for renewable energy projects
Scheme to be operationalised through designated banks; tax incentives for holders and exemption from CRR/SLR to banks could be ...
Easing of priority sector norms were key to enable foreign lender to convert their branches in subsidiaries
Against the backdrop of complaints of pensioners' harassment, the government has directed banks not to insist that retired ...
Public sector banks together accounted for 73.3% share in aggregate deposits and 71.2% share in gross bank credit,
New monetary framework for inflation targeting approved; priority-sector lending norms revised
Govt expects to achieve fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of GDP for FY16
At present, foreign shareholding in private sector banks is capped at 74% of paid-up voting equity capital
Alternative Investment funds can now attract funds from foreign investors, which is likely to help hedge funds
Public sector banks together accounted for 73.3% share in aggregate deposits
Former Rabobank India chief executive Surojit Shome will be replacing him
Dovish trajectory to make space for central bank to cut rates
Emphasis on reducing required statutory liquidity ratio
May seek details of last 16 years as well
Retains back office biz; to begin talks with RBI about future plans of India business
Bill Winters to replace Peter Sands, Asia CEO Bindra to step down end-April
This is also the first time a public advertisement seeking applications has been put up on the Union finance ministry's website
Coincidentally, hours before the government announced the process, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor S S Mundra ...
He said state-owned banks would need Rs 2,50,000 cr in capital to meet Basel III requirements by 2019
The Finance Mnistry recently allocated Rs 6,990 cr in nine public sector banks based on their efficiency
Surojit Shome had taken over as the MD & CEO in 2009
The bank requires adequate capital to match the anticipated growth in asset and comply with stipulated level of capital adequacy
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) today said the insurance companies can appoint individual agents ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor S S Mundra today said that state-run banks' capital needs to comply with Basel-III regulations may ...
New Motor Vehicles Act allows a victim to claim any amount in third-party accidents and if the insurer refuses to pay, claimant ...
However, for this the borrower's household annual income should not exceed Rs 60,000 in rural areas and Rs 1,20,000 in non-rural ...
After cutting repo rate by 25 bps to 7.75% on Jan 15, RBI maintained status quo on policy rates in review on Feb 3
Say cost of funds hasn't come down as expected
Bank will also get Rs 570-cr additional capital from govt by March-end
The bank launched Canara Credit Card World for customers with net annual income of Rs 7.50 lakh
Private sector Yes Bank today raised Rs 1,000 crore against a targeted Rs 500 crore by issuing green infrastructure bonds.
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank will issue long-term infrastructure bonds or non-convertible debentures on private placement ...
Based on the new recommendation, tax devolution to states works out to Rs 39.48 lakh crore over a five-year period
Giving a big boost to Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), the RBI today said bank overdrafts of up to Rs 5,000 in accounts ...
The Central government will be making a cash infusion of Rs 280 cr into the bank
Kerala-based South Indian Bank will raise up to Rs 500 crore by way of tier-II bonds to meet future credit demand.
Suggests utilities be freed from government interference, regulators focus on maintaining health of the sector
At present, the compensation liability of insurance companies is subjectively decided on a per case basis by Motor Accident Claim ...
Announcement likely in Budget; more flexibility to foreign banks on cards
By its annual report, the India head count stands at 32,000, the second highest after the UK's
However, it did not indicate how much amount it is going to raise from institutional investors
Janalakshmi intends to use the proceeds to fund its business expansion
Company says one new investor every year would be roped in for next 3 years
Reserve Bank of India has eased rules for change in the shareholding in asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) to smoothen working ...
Clamping down on Vijay Mallya-led UB Group to recover loans, a 17-bank consortium led by state-run SBI today initiated the ...
Expressing happiness over the conclusion of 10th bipartite wage negotiations between Public Sector Banks (PSBs) and their ...
Already the MFI has made a securitisation deal with Kotak Mahindra Bank, to sell a loan portfolio worth Rs 500 cr
Non -callable deposits are those where premature withdrawal is not allowed
Say hike in tax incentives will attract more people to buy insurance
Wants separate category for tax sops on repayment of home loans
IBA signs pact with unions, settles for 15% wage hike
A senior reinsurance executive said at the time of renewal, a slight hardening in the aviation segment would be seen this year
The Road Transport and Safety Bill that will replace the Motor Vehicles Act, is set to be tabled in Parliament in its current ...
The SLBC has expressed concern on the rising bad loans in the state
Life insurer asked to return Rs 275 crores to beneficiaries of Dhanaraksha Plus
State Bank of India (SBI) and its Australian partner Insurance Australia Group (IAG) have initiated talks to increase the ...
Employee unions of public sector banks today withdrew their strike call following an agreement with the management on 15 per cent ...
The shares of a number of insurance companies are increasingly changing hands in off-market transactions.
A mix of recent deal ...
Insurance sector regulator IRDA has given in-principle approval for setting up of Rs 1,500 crore nuclear liability pool for ...
A leaked list 1,195 Indians with accounts in HSBC's Swiss banking unit recently became public and most are suspected to have ...
A record 13.2 crore new bank accounts have been opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana in last six months with Rs 11,000 ...
The fall in global crude oil prices is an opportunity for India that should not be wasted and the country should work towards ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, plans to overhaul its transaction banking business, involving trade finance ...
The unions have threatened the strike to press wage-hike demand; this would be their fifth strike this fiscal
In the December quarter, the bank had raised Rs 2,500 crore as additional tier I capital.
The govt had given a target to the 27 state-owned banks to set up 19,994 ATMs in FY15 and by December end they have managed to ...
Currently, a two-step authentication is prevalent in India unlike developed nations
The last day for receiving quotations ended on Feb 20; the winner of the bidding process will be announced next week
Ahead of the proposed bank strike by employees of public sector banks the union finance minister today stepped in to dissuade ...
The Reconstituted Advisory Board on Bank, Commercial and Financial Frauds (ABBCFF) has so far looked into three cases and has ...
Dy Governor notes it's an era of job changes for better opportunities and the new niche lenders in the system will attract your ...
The country's postal office had been speculated to be interested in setting up banks across India
New rule applicable on private placement of NCDs with maturity of more than one year
In a bid to tide over liquidity issues of banks in weekends, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to conduct reverse repo ...
Banks Unions and Indian Bank Association (IBA) could not come to an agreement at the conciliation meeting held at New Delhi.
The ...
The government has decided to allocate capital to only nine PSBs in the current financial year, those that have shown efficiency ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is getting tougher on extending unlimited credit to the country's banks to try to ensure they ...
Banks issue CDs and mutual fund houses are key buyers of these instruments
Loans restructured from April will be treated as non performing assets with higher provision bill for them
Forbearance window shuts in end-March, with recast loans to be treated as NPAs under a new regime, raising provisioning burden
Mahindra Insurance Brokers aims to reach 100,000 additional villages in the next 3-4 years.
The insurance broker which completed ...
Representatives from the public sector Bank Unions today met Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to press their demand
Private lender IndusInd Bank today said it will raise up to Rs 2,000 crore through issuance of long-term infrastructure bonds and ...
HSBC has come under scrutiny around the world for helping tax evaders
No-limit credit, multi-currency forex card among facilities; says affluent segment will grow fastest in coming years
Consumers will be able to send and receive money from their smartphones without revealing bank account details
Credit in banking system till February 6 this financial has grown by only 5.8 per cent
RBI also says export houses can import it without end-use restrictions; removes prohibition on import of gold coins
Sundaram Finance will pay Rs 450 crore to buy out RSA Group's 26% stake
CD ratio drops in the state
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2014, as promulgated by the President of India, had allowed foreign partners to hold up ...
Under Arundhati Bhattacharya, the bank has decided to focus on a 'risk-mitigated' approach to keep bad loans under check
A recent report by CRISIL pointed out that MFI loan assets were likely to reach Rs 35,000 cr by March 2015
The finance ministry would conduct its quarterly review of performance of Public Sector Banks (PSBs) on the 5th of next month, ...
Gross NPAs, or loans that have gone bad, add up to Rs 2.73 lakh crore ($44 billion) for public-sector banks
Foreign banks eye opportunity as investors look to tap into start-up boom as well as an expected economic revival
Lalit Modi, N Srinivasan, WSG and MSM also named in show-cause notice alleging illegal payments
Points to implications of recent govt decision on equity support to only the more efficient ones; queries where else the needed ...
KPMG in India will be providing the assurance services annually, on the use of proceeds in line with green bond principles
Insurance ordinance gives insurers right to appoint agents
RBI is in the process of reducing SLR on a systematic basis due to which banks may not have much of appetite for bonds
The gold loan player has acquired 71.14% equity capital of Asirvad in an all cash transaction for Rs 48.63 cr
Barring SBI, all large public sector lenders saw a sharp rise in stressed loans in the December quarter; no optimistic projection ...
Banks have advanced Rs 19,203 cr to the priority sector as on December 31, 2014
Initially, Rs 50 crore has been earmarked by the board for the business
Country's largest lender State Bank of India today committed Rs 75,000 crore for generation of 15,000 MW of renewable energy in ...
Days ahead of a proposed strike by PSU banks' employee unions, a top union leader today sought the intervention of Finance ...
The Board of Directors of India Bank has given nod for the Government proposal to infuse Rs 280 crore in the Bank by way of ...
HDFC Bank Ltd, India's second-biggest private sector lender by assets, reported on Saturday a 20.2 percent increase in quarterly ...
Around eight lakh public sector bank (PSBs) employees to on a four days continuous strike from February 25 to 28, following by an ...
The government had discontinued priting Re 1 notes in November 1994 due to higher printing costs
Equity sale in companies to help get better price discovery at the time of IPO
Public sector insurers have already begun work to introduce easy-to-understand, low-cost policies
Insurers fear lack of quick appointment of regulatory body members would affect industy adversely by delaying work
Tamil Nadu-based lender took this decision as each new branch would take one to two years to break even
The scheme envisages online transfer of funds into the account of beneficiaries of welfare schemes
The bank is targeting a credit growth of 20 per cent over last fiscal
Service tax collections are expected to increase 830% to Rs 215,973 crore in the financial year 2014-15
Currently only banks are offered this cover by DIGCC; insurers find it a risky proposition
Wants govt to allow them to tap markets; Govt stake in many banks over 70%
Urges them to go for open architecture, fresh guidelines for insurance arms soon
Non-observance of fair practices code by lenders & card related complaints top the list
Asset quality to stay under pressure in Q4
The Mumbai-based lender had made request to government to infuse Rs 1,500 cr as capital and expects to get Rs 800 cr
With more people coming into the banking fold, fraudsters are turning increasingly innovative.
Some use complex mechanisms to ...
Percentage of gross NPA went up to 3.60 per cent from 2.80 per cent a year ago
Tech giant IBM today said it has secured a deal with Ratnakar Bank (RBL) to provide the private sector lender with mobile apps to ...
CanBank Venture, the wholly owned subsidiary of Canara Bank, has invested Rs 25 crore in Nashik-based ESDS Software Solution ...
State-owned Bank of India (BoI) today reported a steep 70.4 per cent fall in net profit to Rs 173.38 crore for the third quarter ...
ICICI bank has tied up with UAE Exchange to offer an instant bank transfer service to the Indians residing in the Gulf nation.
Bank of India, the country's fourth-biggest lender by assets, reported on Thursday a surprise 70 percent fall in quarterly profit ...
Rating agency Moody's today said RBI's recent guidelines on the countercyclical capital buffer (CCCB) are credit positive for the ...
Even though the Companies Act 2013 mandates companies to have deposit insurance for deposit schemes, companies are still ...
The government's decision not to infuse funds in fourteen public sector banks in the current financial year has put the lenders ...
ICICI Securities, Axis Bank, JM Financial, Kotak Mahindra Bank and SBI Capital Markets will also manage the transaction
Over the last weekend, the govt announced its decision to infuse Rs 6,990 cr in nine efficient public sector banks
The notified amount for the auction was Rs 8,000 cr, of which RBI accepted bids worth Rs 4,417 cr
The Kolkata-based state-run lender had released Rs 945.9 cr to the current accounts of eight companies for the purpose
The investment will be much larger than the Rs 100 cr minimum required by RBI, says company's mobility head
Bank says it is sufficiently capitalised for the next 12 months
The premium rates for a three-year policy could be as much as 2.5 times higher than on an annual basis
Open to JV for latter entity once applicants get licence, says Kochhar
Banks should run checks on clients for compliance with KYC and anti-money laundering rules; doubtful cases and should be referred ...
With the government's Digital India drive, and a promised deadline of  April 1, Parekh believes the country will make some good ...
The industry collected Rs 73,777 cr in Apr-Dec 2014 as new premiums compared to Rs 84,725 cr in year-ago period
The government has decided to infuse money in five banks based on their performance
40,481 camps were organised by banks to achieve the number of accounts
The total accounts included 2.8 million accounts opened in rural areas and 1.3 million accounts in urban areas
Standard Chartered Bank, largest foreign bank in the country by branches, has appointed Lakshmi Goyal as Regional Head, Brand ...
In a bid to expand its presence in Maharashtra, Lakshmi Vilas Bank has opened two new branches in the state
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank today said it has raised Rs 1,000 crore through long term bonds on private placement ...
The move might curtail growth ambitions and debt capital will become costly
Writes to Canadian government's agency OSFI seeking permission
The benefits in the form of higher profits are seen coming in before the close of the fiscal
The move to tighten monitoring of export finance deals comes after investigators uncovered an invoicing scam suspected to be part ...
IBA had proposed to improve wage hike offer from 12.5% to 13% and said that the 19.5% rise sought in wages by the unions was ...
In November, RBI had introduced the concept of niche banking in India by issuing norms for payments and small finance banks
Only then will there be an open architecture in bancassurance, the insurance company says
State-owned Bank of India (BoI) today said it will raise up to Rs 641.99 crore by selling shares to Life Insurance Corp and New ...
The Reserve Bank decision to reduce the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) is credit positive for banks as it would help them manage ...
Government owned Bharatiya Mahila Bank has proposed to open 35 more branches taking the total to 80 by next month besides ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor R.
Gandhi said the central bank has been warning lenders on the need to improve asset ...
The Health Insurance TPA of India which has been set up to manage health claims of public general insurers is all set to begin ...
The new provision in the Insurance Ordinance making third-party motor cover mandatory has put the major general insurer players ...
Govt's message to public sector banks: Perform or perish
Uses MSF route to help banks tide over tight liquidity brought on by tax outflows
The rest are being done via internet, mobile, social media or call centres, says bank ED
Commercial vehicles to bear the burden as both private and public insurers have demanded the hike to cover losses
Taking benefit of falling bond yields, Tata Capital Financial Services Ltd (TCFSL) is planning to raise about Rs 3, 000 crore ...
From April 1, 2015, two-wheelers and four wheelers apart from other commercial vehicles may see atleast a 20-25% rise in their ...
Some large ones, such as HDFC and L&T Finance Holdings, have seen a significant change in their funding mix
Foreign currency assets, a key component, rose $5.81 billion to $303.33 billion
No interest would be paid for the period between the coupon date and that of repayment
The regulator also clarified that FPIs shall be permitted to 
invest in amortised debt instruments, provided the duration of the ...
NPA of the bank rose to 5.94% of total advances
Total income has increased to Rs 2,867.32 crore for the quarter
RIL is to be promoter of the proposed payments bank and SBI will hold up to 30 per cent stake
In one of the conversation a few months back, C P Gurnani, CEO & MD of India's sixth largest IT services company was heard ...
SBI General Insurance has launched a group health insurance product exclusively for the customers of State Bank of India (SBI) ...
Former RBI governor says the money which the govts are spending on loan waiver schemes belong to tax payers
Public sector IDBI Bank today reported a marginal decline in net profit at Rs 102.79 crore for the October-December quarter of ...
Earthport, a cross border payments services provider to banks, is seeking permission from Reserve Bank of India to start ...
Non-Banking Finance Companies (NBFCs) are borrowing more from the debt market in the current fiscal rather than funding their ...
Buy back of bonds, papers with varying maturity proposed
In the policy statement, Rajan says he wanted to see "high-quality fiscal consolidation"
Low risk, RBI's objective of financial inclusion boost hope
Diversified financial services structure is the way to go: Rashesh Shah
The provision coverage ratio (amounts set aside for bad loans) remains low at 46% for sector in 2013-14 (FY14). It was 49% in
The guidelines said the amount may vary up to 2.5% of the total risk-weighted assets
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra launched its new mobile banking application - MahaMobile in Ahmedabad on Thursday.
The ...
Despite facing natural calamities in quick succession in the current year, the general insurance companies are not expected to be ...
Payments banks, with a focus on payments and remittance services, cannot give out loans
This is a move to ensure streamlined flow of credit in times of stress
BSLI will leverage mobility and cloud solutions developed by IBM Research
Private life insurance company Max Life has seen a 14 per cent growth in new business premiums during the first nine months of ...
Seven banks, including four foreign ones, managed the government's sale of a 10% stake in Coal India
Indian Overseas Bank, a state-run lender, reported its second straight quarterly loss on Thursday as bad loans surged, sending ...
BS ReporterHyderabad, 5 January: Despite facing the natural calamities in quick succession in the current year the general ...
Despite prospects of gradual recovery in the next financial year (Fy16), the profitability of Indian banks, especially public ...
The sum assured  for micro-insurance products may rise to upto Rs 2 lakh to ensure more banking correspondents and distributors ...
HONG KONG (Reuters) - HDFC Bank Ltd, India's largest lender by market value, has set 1,057-1,067 rupees per share price range for ...
RBI had 72 applications for small finance banks and 41 for payments banks by the end of Monday, the last day for getting these
Focus on recovery, cautious lending help improve health of assets
The bank will open 15 more branches across AP and Telangana over the next three to four years
Unbreakable high value fixed deposits will soon earn higher rate of interest with the Reserve Bank of India allowing banks to ...
State-run Canara Bank today reported 60.2 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 655.92 crore for the quarter ended December ...
Market still hopes for 50-75 bp repo rate reduction this year
RBI sends clear signal it will stick to its decision to end forbearance regime for loan restructuring
Cut in SLR to help improve margins
Last year, the central bank barred Foreign Portfolio Investors from purchasing short-term govt securities
Yield on 10-year benchmark bond rose 8 basis points compared with previous close to end at 7.73%
A 43.6% growth in loans for consumer durables was seen y-o-y in December 2014, compared to 33.4% growth a year ago
Repo is repurchase agreement and it is a short-term borrowing for traders in corporate debt
The country's 2nd largest public sector bank by assets had reported net profit of Rs 755.4 cr for the Oct-Dec quarter of 2013-14
The payments bank will initially be wholly-owned, but will later look at partners to bring technology or customers
Bank employees are threatened to go on a strike for four days from February 25-28, followed by an indefinite strike from March ...
Muthoot Fincorp, the flagship company of Muthoot Pappachan Group, today launched its Business Correspondent operations in the ...
Virtually rejecting the demand for extending the loan restructuring window beyond April 1, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said ...
The country's second largest private lender HDFC Bank is likely to raise Rs 10,000 crore from the market, especially overseas, in ...
With most banks yet to pass on the benefit of lower interest rates to consumers following the rate cut last month, RBI Governor ...
Signalling strong demand for government bonds, overseas investors have put in bids worth Rs 813 crore, oversubscribing a Rs 310 ...
Usha Thorat, former deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will chair the External Advisory Committee (EAC) to ...
HDFC Bank Ltd is expected to sell shares worth up to 100 billion rupees ($1.6 billion) as early as this week, with an offering ...
The Banks in the country has so far made a capex of around Rs 2,000 crore for opening accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan ...
Having cut its policy interest rate just three weeks ago, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to hold rates steady at a ...
Licences for niche banks in six months; close to 100 entities apply; SBI to hold up to 30% stake in venture with RIL
New rules to support insurance ordinance
The financial inclusion programme was launched at the end of August last year
The Bank of Maharashtra stock closed flat at Rs 41 a share on the BSE on Monday
Branchless banking solutions could be a smarter choice for enabling scale, the report said
This Q3 profit is highest in the last six financial quarters
The company meets RBI criteria and also has branches in nine states that serve more than 700,000 clients
Corporate loans are less profitable as corporates bargain to negotiate interest rates to their advantage
Most of us, when we want to buy an insurance policy, ask our friends or family members to recommend an insurance agent and buy ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that all Scheduled Commercial Banks (including regional rural banks) are permitted to ...
In percentage terms net NPA increased to 2.74 % from 2.26 % and Gross NPA rose to 4.62 % from 3.42 %
As per government estimates, banks had Rs 5,124 crore in unclaimed deposits lying with them as of December 31, 2013
RIL will be the promoter and SBI will be the joint venture partner with equity investment of up to 30%
Telecoms investor Aditya Birla Nuvo and retailer Future Group were among the first big names to apply for licenses to run ...
Edelweiss Financial Services, which was one of the 25 applicants for a new banking licence last year, is aiming to compete with ...
The country's banks are the 2nd-fastest-growing ones in combined brand value, shows Brand Finance study
With them not being allowed to lend, these banks will be mostly dependent on fees and income earned from Treasury operations
Widening arbitrage window for dollar-carry traders attracting more hot money in debt
Kotak Mahindra Bank, which is in a tie-up with Bharti Airtel for niche bank licence, looks at payment bank as an asset ...
The country's largest lender, SBI has said that public sector banks should be given an opportunity to tap the best talent from ...
State-owned IFCI is likely to sell its 2.5% stake in stock exchange NSE in the next 15 days which may fetch the financial ...
The Kerala-based NBFC is into gold loan financing
Indian Overseas Bank has launched an issue of Unsecured, Non-Convertible, Additional Tier - I, Basel III Compliant Perpetual ...
The first forex hub of the Mumbai- headquartered Central Bank of India in Gujarat was opened at Urmi Char rasta here to provide ...
In a notice to exchanges, Dewan Housing Finance Corporation (DHFL) has said it has filed an application for a small bank licence ...
Even here, the eligibilty will apply only if IDFC has matching long-term deposits
Asset quality concerns pull stock down 5%; trend sue to slippage from restructured loans and could persist for another 3 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has constituted a High Powered Committee under the Chairmanship of R.Gandhi, Deputy Governor, RBI ...
The RBI is making extra efforts to spur the country's corporates to more actively hedge their foreign exchange exposure, in order ...
Welcoming the tie-up between country's largest mobile telephony player Bharati Airtel and Kotak Mahindra Bank for a payments ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) will see a huge churn in its top management in the next few ...
As an independent monetary policy is essential to mange the large and complex Indian economy, the country will see a blend of ...
PSU banks have failed to cash in boom time despite desperate capital need
Applications have been invited for the positions of member-life, member-non life and member-finance & Investment
HDFC Bank's new app to allow customers transfer money to phone contacts
...it will bring in more transparency, provide multiple choices and reduce mis-selling
SKS president Dilli Raj told Business Standard that establishment of a bank was a "logical extension of our financial inclusion ...
IDFC group is in talks with Kishore Biyani's Future group to pick up 19.8% stake in the latter's proposed payment bank
The microfinance company says the bank will be a 'logical extension' of its financial inclusion agenda
Karur Vysya Bank has reported a net profit of Rs 113.88 crore during the quarter ended December 31, 2014 as compared to Rs 106.82 ...
While the industry saw a rise and then subsequent flat rate of growth in insurance penetration, the overall coverage levels are ...
>  Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited has reported a 21 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 111 crore as ...
Public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today reported a 91.27% decline in net profit at Rs 19.56 crore for the ...
The approval comes at a time when some large banks are exploring fund-raising opportunities
The bank is set to hold a shareholders' meeting to secure an approval for its equity-raising plans next month
Fidelity Investment Trust picked up 2.07%, with the remainder bought by others in the market.
Fidelity now holds 3.9% stake in ...
The bank eyeing almost 25% increase in lending in current financial year to over Rs 400 cr
Singaporean lender DBS Bank, which focuses on leding to SMEs, today launched Tab banking for its customers in the segment which ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Hyderabad may raise up to Rs 400 crore before end of the current fiscal by way of tier-II ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will raise Rs 15,000 crore through a public offer including rights issue to fund business and meet ...
Festive season cash demand, current a/c deposit slowdown to blame
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India on Tuesday brought out an exposure draft for appointment of insurance ...
With an economic revival taking longer than expected, banks plan to approach the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to continue asset ...
Keeps option open for overseas issue
Net non-performing assets of the bank have increased 21.3% to Rs 727 cr
Total income increased to Rs 8,921 cr for the quarter ended December 2014
Intensive NPA recovery efforts result in gross NPA declining to Rs 5,393 crore
Rich valuations along with slowing growth have resulted in downgrades by leading brokerages
After new bancassurance partnership with Citi, Tata AIA is also redesigning products and hiring many more agents
Higher loan restructuring in Q4 likely to increase stress
The new business premium of life insurance companies usually sees the highest growth in the March quarter
Say they want some safeguard against fake claims
State-owned Corporation Bank has launched an issue of Tier I bonds to raise Rs 500 crore for funding its growth plans.
Govt is betting that mobile phone vendors, fuel stations and corner stores can help it put basic banking within the grasp of ...
Few industry players say the festive season was also muted because Dussehra and Diwali were in the same month
With India's foreign exchange reserves touching an all-time high of $322 billion, the import cover has increased to ...
HDFC Bank has launched 11 international toll-free numbers to cater to 32 countries for phone-banking assistance for its ...
All Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said today while asking bankers to speed up ...
The four are Union Bank of India, DBS Bank, Syndicate Bank and Standard Chartered Bank
Government speaks to banks as challenges facing the industries keep lenders cautious
Move likely to improve transparency in loan pricing but lenders see it as over regulation
The central bank also delegates powers to banks for changes in name of the lender of ECB
The central bank is in the process of framing comprehensive consumer protection regulations
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) said on Friday that insurance companies should not collect more ...
As the Indian economy gathers momentum, it will reflect in banks' asset quality while the issue of over-leveraging by corporates ...
Experience in core areas like treasury, credit could be made mandatory
India, being an attractive market among BRICS economies, has been already seeing foreign flows in both debt and equities
Banks to show average interest rate, fees and other charges on their websites from April 1
Reserve Bank of India has allowed travelers from India and Nepal or Bhutan to carry currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1000
Reinsurance rates for 2015 are expected to remain flat since no major catastrophic event impacted the books of the companies.
Yes Bank is the main suitor in the race for Deutsche Asset Management (India) Pvt.
Ltd's mutual fund business in India
The festive season has failed to cheer Non-Banking Finance Companies (NBFCs) as business growth remains muted amid economic ...
SBI, Yes Bank lead in 'zero balance accounts' under Jan Dhan Yojana
This, as DCB's current contract with a life insurer is coming up for renewal
We will first see if it is viable for us.
If it is, then what is the route through which we can do this: Y M Deosthalee
The company has facilitated Rs 10,000 cr debt financing across verticals so far
In a relief to farmers, Reserve Bank of India has notified the banks that the interest subvention of two percent will continue to ...
A section of public sector bank employees unions today met Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha to press for early wage ...
Public sector general insurance company United India Insurance is targetting over 17% growth in premium income in Uttar Pradesh ...
Banks insist on good credit score before hiring
The group is aiming at installing 50,000 such ATMs nationwide through Essel Finance
The bank's net non-performing asset ratio improved to 0.97% at the end of the quarter from 1.1% a year ago
Higher provisions, lower net interest income drag earnings
The one-year forward premium, about 8% in September 2014, has dropped to 6.83%
Finance ministry acknowledges that challenge is to keep accounts active
Private life insurance company Tata AIA Life has entered into a bancassurance partnership with Citibank to offer its products ...
Corporation Bank plans to raise Rs 500 crore through issue of unsecured, subordinated, perpetual additional Tier-I Basel-III ...
Regulator cracks down on customer discrimination by banks
The government is committed to fiscal correction path and fiscal consolidation but challenges abound for bond traders and markets
Promoters resorting to board for delay recovery: Bankers tell Fin Min
According to the ordinance, every appeal under the Act has to be made within 45 days from the date on which the IRDAI order is ...
The bank has tied up with TranServ, a digital payments company for this initiative
Banks have also been borrowing from RBI's emergency funding window, the marginal standing facility, on a daily basis
The social savings bank account can be seamlessly managed via Twitter and Facebook
Gold loan Non Banking Financial Company (NBFC), Muthoot Finance will now act as business correspondents for private sector lender ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has increased its stake in public sector lender Central Bank of India to 15 per cent. ...
Four days after rate cut by the RBI, Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today slashed fixed deposit rate across various maturities ...
ICICI Bank, country's largest private sector lender, now allows its customers to transfer money via social networking site
International Finance Corporation (IFC), World Bank's investment arm, is planning to acquire stakes in Bandhan Financial Services ...
Public sector bank employees have decided to go on a 4-day strike from January 21 to protest against the "rigid and callous ...
SBI, IDBI Bank among a host of lenders holding asset-liability panel meets
Like the recent appointments, this time as well, PSBs would have a non-executive chairman, giving operational responsibility to ...
This follows RBI's decision last week to allow banks to act as brokers for insurers
Sharp rally in their stocks propel rankings; 4 Chinese banks figure among top 10
JLT Independent marks Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group's direct presence in India through a JV with Sunidhi Group
Corporate bond rates fell upto 30 bps after RBI's rate cut
Other income and net interest income help bank; lender eyes joint venture for payment bank
They can now extend date of commencement of commercial operations beyond prescribed time limits
May not enter broking unless forced since risks are high, say experts
Future interest rate reductions hinge on risk related to unwinding of dollar carry trade
Borrowers may continue to wait hoping for rates to fall further
State-owned Allahabad Bank has raised Rs 500 crore through private placement of bonds that are compliant with global capital ...
Life insurance policy holders, who opt for electronic format of policy, may now get a 10-15 per cent reduction in their premiums ...
RBI cuts repo rate by 25 bps after 20 months; bankers see more reductions this year, signal follow-up action
Margin worries might prompt lenders to first lower the latter but all agree both cuts likely soon
Final guidelines issued after two years of discussion
There is a greater need to take a closer look into the asset quality, instances of restructuring of advances, provisioning held: ...
The survey showed households expected consumer inflation of 8.9% in the October-December quarter in the year ahead period, down ...
Bank plans to set up AMC to channelise savings of retail investors in equity and debt capital markets
Close on the heels of RBI announcing the rate cut, Union Bank of India (UBI) today cut lending and deposit rates by up to 50 ...
Welcoming a 25 basis points rate cut by the Reserve Bank, private insurers said that it is an important turn in the interest rate ...
Federal Bank has reported a 15 per cent rise in its standalone net profit at Rs 264.69 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
Your wait for lower EMIs is finally over.
Banks are willing to pare their lending rates in next few days following the Reserve ...
State Bank of India (SBI) - the country's largest lender - today described the surprised interest rate cut by the Reserve Bank of ...
United Bank of India (UBI) became the first bank to announce a reduction in base rate following the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) ...
Key executives across sectors have welcomed the RBI's 25 basis point cut in repo rate, but want more and soon
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cut interest rates on Thursday by 25 basis points to 7.75 percent in a surprise inter-meeting ...
Industry officials want a balance between the first-year and second-year commissions
Lenders have to devote 40% of their overall credit to help prop up sectors like agriculture and small scale sector
Provisioning for bad loans also decreased to Rs 98 cr as compared to Rs 126 cr in the same period last fiscal
Bank reported 11.82 % jump in credit disbursement
Prior to this, Gupte was the chief actuary at IDBI Federal Life Insurance
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Ordinance that has made structural changes in the way the insurance industry functions has omitted ...
With inflation being tamed to a large extent, the governor is now under pressure to shift his focus to pushing growth
The RBI is against broad-basing CRR, the portion of total bank deposits kept with the Reserve Bank, to include forex and gold ...
State-run banks still dominate banking system with a market share of 72.1% at end of March, 2014
Private banks account for a total of 21.15 per cent in terms of advances in the overall banking system
Average hourly earnings of US workers fell 0.2% in December
State Bank of India chairperson says rate cut by RBI is not imminent
Kotak Mahindra Bank has launched a savings bank account-Jifi Saver- that can be managed via social networking websites such as ...
Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairperson of State Bank of India (SBI), on Monday said that the credit growth hasn't really picked up ...
With non-performing assets from large corporates at worryingly high levels, State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati ...
Reserve Bank and the European Central Bank (ECB) have signed a memorandum of understanding for cooperation in the area of central ...
The number of Bhartiya Mahila Banks (BMB), the country's first all-women bank chain, will touch 80 branches across the country ...
The bank also seeks permission to resume recruitment of staff and officers at branches and key units
Banks have been directed to transfer inoperative deposit accounts and balances that are unclaimed for 10 years or more to the
Stabilising asset quality and a moderation in new impaired loan creation will be another positive
The lender said last month that it's shutting its Japanese trading business
Riding on high investment income, non-life insurers have managed to record larger profits at Rs 4,439 crore in the last fiscal ...
Private sector banks are way behind their PSU peers when it comes to opening financial inclusion accounts under the Prime ...
State-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) plans to raise Rs 1,000 crore from bonds soon to fund business expansion
Car prices soar with withdrawal of levy concession in Dec, premium collection likely to be hit
State-run lenders' need for additional capital is likely to continue even if the government pares its holdings in these banks, ...
Central bank governor says good solid institutions are key to sustained economic growth
Regulator raises concern about high attrition rate despite net increase in number by 3.1%
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) foreign exchange reserves fell by $471.4 million for the week ended January 2 to $319.24 ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) is likely to increase the Indian Market Terrorism Risk Insurance Pool due ...
After recording a dip for three years, the number of life insurance agents in India saw a 3.1% growth in 2013-14.
Over 100 million accounts have been opened under the Jan-Dhan Yojana scheme
Gadkari said the finance ministry should talk to banks for more flexibility towards the shipping sector
The proposal was passed at an EGM on Thursday; the deal will see an exchange ratio of 725 shares of Kotak for every 1,000 of ING ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank is the single largest shareholder, with 15% equity that it purchased at Rs 600 a share from Financial ...
With the launch of two new online products the company will have a total of four product offerings for the on-line market
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) still maintains the lead in the life insurance industry with respect to claim ...
Institutional, merchant banking businesses to close down; retail broking to operate with reduced scale
State Bank of Travancore has sought capital markets regulator Sebi's approval to raise up to Rs 485 crore through rights issue to ...
The increase in foreign direct investment (FDI) limit by 23 percent to 49 percent is expected to alleviate the capital pressure ...
CPI data is expected on Monday; There are fears that it could shoot above expectations
Insurers offer a plethora of products as people hurry to buy investments in the last three months of the financial year
These cards are based on Near Field Communication technology, which provides customers the improved convenience of speed
The bank had announced its merger with Kotak Mahindra Bank on November 20, 2014
Private sector Yes Bank will raise around Rs 5,500 crore in the next 12 months, its MD and CEO Rana Kapoor said today.
The insurance behemoth, which holds 12-15% stake across PSBs, has Irda support
Number of cases referred in April-December 2014 declined sharply to 22 from 84 cases in April-December 2013
Going by the rating upgrades and downgrades trend in first three quarters of FY15, the upgrades have surpassed downgrades ...
Government to insist on younger PSU bank chiefs, might tap the private sector
IBA offered a hike of 12.5% compared to the earlier 11%; negotiations to continue tomorrow
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) today revised interest rate on fixed deposits by up to 0.5 per cent on various maturities.
The State Bank of India (SBI), country's largest commercial bank, has continued to lead in mobile banking space according to ...
Time not right for merger, bankers tell Fin Min; Call for empowerment of board
Under consortium financing, several banks fund a borrower with common appraisal, common documentation, joint supervision and ...
Earlier govt had allocated in budget Rs 11,200 cr for capitalisation in public sector banks
Government today saidon Monday it has no desire to reduce its stake in public sector banks at present."Do not see any need to ...
State-owned term lender IFCI is looking at raising over Rs 790 crore in the second round of non-convertible debentures which ...
The application was filed by Muthoot Mercantile Ltd, which had alleged anti-competitive practices in agri-gold loan business
Rating agency CRISIL has assigned an "AA+/Stable' rating to the bond issue and reaffirmed its ratings on the bank's existing debt ...
To check adverse impact of farm debt waiver programmes on the banking sector, heads of the public sector banks have now joined ...
To check ponzi-like activities in insurance sector, the new Ordinance has prohibited multi- layered agent structure for sale of ...
The money will be raised through conversion of perpetual non-cumulative preference shares held by the govt into equity shares
Modi said with public sector banks controlling 81% of branches and 77% of deposits, their net profit should improve from the ...
Gyan Sangam blueprint suggests empowerment on boards, on the lines of Nayak panel suggestions; govt to take decision shortly
As another bank strike looms large, the Central Chief Labour Commissioner has called a conciliation meeting on Monday between ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today termed the level of bad assets in the system as "unacceptable" and promised more autonomy for ...
Chances of such appointments not ruled out if recommendations come from the search committee
KYC will be required every ten years for low risk and eight years for medium risk individuals, from five and two years ...
Consultant cites global best practices on a three-tier structure - very large banks, policy banks and state-linked banks
Ministry claims 98.4% households now have bank accounts
This will help the public to correlate a product brand name to the name of the entity/company authorised under the Payment and ...
The retreat will explore best practices in both sectors, including issues of people management, technology, and improving asset ...
Experts believe that to spur growth, interest rate should have to come down, as inflation has softened
Says asset quality, low credit offtake key concerns for PSBs
Joining Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Digital India programme, top lender ICICI Bank has launched its own 'digital village' ...
Fin Min says 98.4% households now have bank accounts; Jan Dhan crosses the 100 million mark
Dena Bank has increased interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (bank) deposit (FCNR-B) in various range for maturities ...
Mergers and acquisitions are not the only way for consolidation in public sector banks, as creating a mechanism for easier access ...
There is a need to rethink strategies for public sector banks in the country and the efforts for their consolidation would not be ...
The meeting will be attended by all heads and EDs of public sector banks
But they will have to come back to India permanently
ICICI Bank pushed to second position as consumers use platform to pay bills, recharge mobile phones, book tickets and transfer ...
Sharp rate cuts expected following benign inflation
Bank to raise Rs 1,000 cr via tier- I bonds; Crisil flags faltering asset quality, lower profitability concerns
At present, the choice of security to be provided to the overseas lender or the supplier for securing ECB is left to the borrower
There have been a spurt of such schemes in the recent past while various regulators are taking actions such entities
Bank employees' unions have decided go on a day-long strike on January 7 across the country to press for a wage hike.
Analysts are betting on steps to be announced for consolidation of banks at the discussions in Pune
Canara Bank ED to hold additional charge of MD & CEO for 3 months
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday cautioned investors against multi-level marketing firms that promise high returns and ...
Over 100 senior bankers, insurers, financial sector regulators and finance ministry officials would attend the two-day meet here ...
Begins reforms drive in the segment; four lenders get MD & CEO, to have part-time chairman; no decision on fixed tenure yet
E-commerce boom, more acceptance of plastic money driving growth; bankers say asset quality will not suffer this time
Currently the company's CV portfolio has an assets under management (AUM) of below Rs 5 crore
Credit to the priority sector increased only 10.4% in November 2014, compared with a growth of 24.3% in November 2013
Chairman and managing directors of all these banks will take part in the discussions
The revised format of reporting will be effective from next reporting cycle
The rate cut is effective from January 1, 2015
The year 2014 was marked by slowing credit and deposit growth, amid further rise in non-performing assets, which put pressure on ...
2014 made a lot of promises; can the new year deliver?
In FY13, 341,012 life insurance complaints were registered
The amount will be raised through auction of State Development Loans generally on the second and fourth Tuesdays of the month
Identifying a borrower as non-cooperative may not help banks in recovering unpaid loans unless such classification allows lenders ...
Sees consumer inflation at 6% in new year, GDP growth at 5.5% for FY15
Economic activity may remain muted in Q3; sees gradual pick up next financial year
Promoters in India often pledge shares not for funding outside business ventures but for the company itself
Experts say deteriorating asset quality of the public sector lenders will be another obstacle for them in raising money
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley expressed hope recently that raising of the limit to 49%
Guidelines are applicable in respect of only Group Life Insurance Polices / Schemes obtained under Lender-Borrower group
The regulator said that these companies should be under the same prudential regulatory framework as applicable to other NBFCs
Sale to ARCs in the Sept-ended quarter slumped to under Rs 40,000 cr from Rs 1,20,000-1,60,000 cr recorded in the June-ended ...
Mumbai, 29 DecemberInsurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has constituted a committee to look into the health ...
Calcutta High Court last week dismissed UBI's decision to declare Kingfisher and its directors wilful defaulters
Earlier, the fund raising for the purpose of overseas investment by Indian companies were subject to various limitations
That means trouble at a single bank among the top five most connected lenders could lead to contagion that wipes out nearly 50% ...
In the eventuality of the policyholder becoming totally and permanently disabled during the policy term, the policyholder gets a ...
A political hot potato for long, the insurance sector got its long-awaited dose of reforms, as 2014 neared the end and will ...
See 10% growth in new business premiums allowing them to have a higher investable surplus
Spending growth tops 27 per cent in October, the highest in three years
Employees will demand job security after the merger with Kotak Mahindra Bank
Many say the move to set an upper age limit for the chiefs of private banks ensures continuity of leadership, which will benefit ...
Reliance Capital last week roped in SMTB as a strategic partner to collaborate on various businesses
Within days of government allowing more overseas investment in insurance sector through an ordinance, Anil Ambani-led Reliance ...
RBI came out with final guidelines for Payments Banks last month, wherein the aspirants have been allowed to enter into joint ...
The newly ordained ordinance gives IRDA room to enhance regulations in areas of solvency, investments and keep a strict vigil on ...
Rajan stressed no country in the world chases short-term inflation target ignoring domestic and global developments
Organised crime in the life and general insurance industry has taken a graver turn with groups using dead bodies of people who ...
'But what happens to inflation?
Because we haven't fully solved the supply-side problem, people will get more inflation
over time
Bank dismisses mis-selling charges, says lawsuit filed after it initiated legal recovery action over loan default
Better disclosures, more details, higher interest payment for claim delay; feedback invited by Jan 19
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said falling oil prices act as a cushion for CAD, adding it is time India does away with ...
The company is going for the third NCD public issue during the current financial year from January 15, 2015 to mobilise Rs 200 ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose $3.16 billion for the week ended December 19 to $320 billion, according to data ...
BPCL will invest about Rs 14,225 cr for Kochi Refineries expansion and Rs 5,000 cr for setting up a petrochemical JV
Microfinance Institutions (MFIs), which have been keen contenders of small bank licence from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), are ...
A year after bonds indexed to Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation were introduced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), ...
In terms of banks' loan growth, the past year has possibly been the worst in about a decade.
Data show as of December 12, credit ...
Bankers say if an account is used for conducting a large transaction, they sometimes seek additional documents, fearing misuse
Maharashtra emerged as top for collecting highest health insurance premium where it grew at a rate of over 76%
The Reserve Bank is likely to cut rates by 0.25% in February's monetary policy review
Formal announcements on foreign partner stake hikes expected from March
Recently, Irda had cracked down on general insurance companies offering heavy discounts in the group portfolio
Plans 2-day brainstorm to draw blueprint for banking sector reforms
Banks offer 11% hike on salary and allowances
RBI has advised urban co-operative banks (UCBs) to adhere to the short-sale limits, reporting and other risk management ...
A government-appointed selection panel would start interviews of 35 candidates tomorrow to fill vacancies of 14 executive ...
Court says levying of charges is highly 'arbitrary and unjustified' besides being against good banking practices
With the pool of high-value cross-border deals shrinking, global banks fall behind
Last day of Parliament's Winter Session unlikely to see passage of Bill; ordinance route still not ruled out
However, even after June end next year the notes will continue to be legal tender
However, in the period between Nov 28 and Dec 12, bank credit increased marginally by 0.3%
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is probing alleged unfair business practices of public sector general insurance ...
Private Sector lender-YES Bank has raised $200 million as unsecured loan from Asian Development Bank (ADB) to finance working ...
All kinds of insurance and pension services would be provided through the centres
'Non-cooperative' borrowers to find getting new loans more difficult
External commercial borrowing rose 60% in November year-on-year
Cuts deposit rates up to 15 bps across maturities
Analysts say will have to bring down holding to under 50% for boards to be more professional
With this the value of the company goes almost to Rs 19,890 cr
The RBI has simplified the definition of a non-cooperative borrower to include all those who have the ability to pay but still ...
Four senior executives of SBI group have appeared for interviews for one post of Managing Director at State Bank of India (SBI), ...
Commonwealth Development Corporation (CDC), the development finance institution owned by United Kingdom (UK) government, with ...
He has been chosen for the bank's consistent performance during a period of slow economic growth, mounting NPAs and muted credit ...
They have welcomed the permission to allow use of international credit and other cards but say it isn't enough to assure
Health insurance experts are of the view that it is advisable to buy a policy that will cover the medical expenses of both the ...
On Friday, the rupee ended weak at 63.30, compared with the previous close of 63.11 to a dollar
The loans written off by PSBs soared from Rs 20,752 cr in 2011-12 to Rs 32,992 cr in 2012-13 and further to Rs 42,447 cr in ...
According to the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, no vehicle is allowed to ply on Indian roads without taking a third-party insurance ...
Home Ministry's official language department said so far there is no facility for working in Hindi language on Internet banking ...
The United Forum of Bank Unions would be holding a one-day all-India strike on January 7 followed by a four-day strike from ...
Payment solutions provider ITZCash is open for a tie-up with other entities for a payment bank licence, a top official of the ...
People have only 11-days left to exchange currency notes of various denominations, including 500 and 1,000, which were printed ...
The amount of bad loans written off or restructured by the PSU banks has more than doubled in the last three years ending March ...
Says base rate is on downward trajectory as deposit rates have started coming off
E-rickshaws are likely to come und er the auto-rickshaw category, where there was a 10% hike in TP premiums for this fiscal
It will be followed by four days continuous strike Jan 21-24 and an in-definite strike from March 16 onwards
IIDF raising Rs 1,500 cr through non-convertible debentures to buy out loans to road projects
Seeks clarification from RBI on branch, corporate structure
Hope to see outlines of such a structure in 2 months, says dy governor; asks for initiatives to help move towards obviating use ...
HDFC Bank had applied for FIPB approval for expanding its equity base by up to Rs 10,000 crore and Ratnakar Bank for capital ...
State-run State Bank of India (RBI), the country's largest lender, doesn't see unhedged exposure of corporates as a big concern ...
India is offering to set up an insurance pool to indemnify global nuclear suppliers against liability in the case of a nuclear ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose to $316.83  billion as of December 12, compared with $314.66 billion a week earlier, ...
Life insurance companies have sought a separate tax deduction limit of Rs 1.5 lakh in an effort to make this asset class more ...
Organ donors now have a variety of covers to choose from, since insurance companies have been offering this as part of the larger ...
Lender repatriates capital from its UK, Canada arms over macroeconomic uncertainties, strict regulations and tepid growth ...
Move aimed to prevent recurrence of Saradha-like chit fund scam
Total amount of contravention estimated to be around Rs 608 cr
Having an e-cashless module in hospitals will soon become common, says an industry outlook by ICICI Lombard General Insurance
IRDA's Vijayan said the investment calculations have been based on factors like GDP growth, inflation figures, rupee stability ...
State Bank of India has approved the one-time settlement (OTS) scheme for its borrowers from the beleaguered mining industry in ...
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill that is set to be tabled in the Upper House of the Parliament in the next few days is not ...
Global rating agency Moody's today said the government's decision to reduce its stake in public sector banks to 52% over a period ...
Markets are in uncertain mood at home and abroad, with FIIs moving out from here in recent days; many feel the central bank would ...
ICICI Bank has been slapped with a fine of Rs 50 lakh, while BoB has been levied a fine of Rs 25 lakh
With the ongoing fall in the rupee, the remittances volume has seen a massive spike as high networth individuals have started ...
Overnight rates inched up to near two-month high in the absence of additional term repo auctions by the Reserve Bank of India ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has eased the account opening process of multilateral organisations, of which India is a member ...
SpiceJet owes Rs 600 crore, mostly secured
UP is acknowledged as a developing market, especially for financial products
RBI today imposed a penalty of Rs 50 lakh on ICICI Bank and Rs 25 lakh on Bank of Baroda for violation of KYC norms after they ...
Overnight rates inched up to near two-month high in the absence of additional term repo auctions by the Reserve Bank of India ...
The civil aviation ministry's request to offer up to Rs 600 crore of working capital loans to troubled SpiceJet has left lenders ...
Non Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs) attempt to tap the digital route to engage with the customer base has met with limited ...
Selling by FIIs, traders, with nervousness on US Fed meet add to fall
Hire environmental specialists to appraise proposals before sanctioning big-ticket loans
Experts suggest that the law should be strengthened to ensure mandatory time bound disposal of cases
Four sectors expected to benefit from the RBI dispensation are infrastructure, construction, metals and mining
It was one of the most-discussed porposals of P Chidambaram, the finance minister in the last United Progressive Alliance ...
The balance sheet as of end-March this year showed the book value of the premises at Rs 2,091 crore
The company, which recently launched an assured income plan, is planning to launch a group gratuity product and a bundled product ...
The bank serves individuals, Micro-SME, SME, mid Corporate and Agri & Inclusive Banking segments
Government has asked banks, which have opened 8.76 crore accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana but issued only 5.78 ...
This leeway is expected to ensure long term viability of existing infrastructure core sector projects
It might be difficult to repeat the SKS success with VAYA Finserv, say analysts
Clarifications on capital requirement and scope of activities by niche banks sought
The priority sector lending targets are dissuading foreign banks from creating subsidiaries in India
(RBI) has reduced the quantum of securities that can be classified as Held-To-Maturity (HTM) from 200% to 100% of the audited Net ...
Mumbai-based IDBI Bank plans to offload stake in the National Stock Exchange
To revive stalled plans and help banks tide over mounting bad loans, the RBI today eased norms for structuring of existing ...
Next is SBI, which paid Rs 1,420 cr
Currently, HDFC Bank is the second largest lender in the private sector.
It ranks on top in market valuation, ahead of ICICI Bank
Interview for executive heads of category A banks could be held once again where candidates from private sector banks can also ...
Has proposed allowing reissuance of existing debt securities by a corporate issuer within the specified time, rather than ...
Aims to bring down gross NPA to 5% by fiscal end
Bank plans big expansion, to have 200 branches by next fiscal
After clipping at 12-13 per cent growth in the first half, the incremental premium income of the Rs 80,000-crore general ...
Rates set to increase 200 per cent & upwards, to be implemented from February 1, 2015
Calls for Budget sops to boost savings, says 'glide path' for inflation suits India well
Lenders to issue Basel-III compliant instruments
Says we can always afford a healthy debate in a democratic society
The Bill aims to increase foreign direct investment in the sector from 26% to 49%
Grants extended credit period offer that allows customers to carry over retail purchase balances in first two billing statements ...
Ahead of the forthcoming Budget, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today pitched for incentivisation of domestic savings to boost ...
The insurance regualator has asked insurers, who often offer discounts of up to 90%, to better price fire, property and group ...
Says apart from long-term financing for infraprojects, banks should also make short term investments in equity and bond markets
Governor Rajan says current account deficit level comfortable for now
Feature can be offered only after filing with regulator
Race on to to become South Asia's largest microcredit provider
ICICI Bank, country's largest private bank, earns 60% of its fees from retail side
Private general insurance company Liberty Videocon General Insurance will have an additional capital of Rs 300 crore by January ...
State-run Bank of Maharashtra today announced a cut of 0.15 percentage point in its minimum lending rate or base rate to 10.25 ...
Insurers welcome bill, but seek clarity on FDI route and Indian management control
This would enable these banks to partly meet Basel III requirements by March 31, 2019
To acquire 26% in the start-up for an undisclosed amount with eye on bank licence
Reserve Bank might grant licences for small finance and payment banks by April
In the second half of the current calendar year, issuances had slowed.
Most companies had front-loaded their fund-raising plans, ...
The central banks has reworked slabs as well as interest earned under investments made in these funds
Bankers believe that gradually credit growth in the system has started picking up
IFC to invest in a fixed-rate, infrastructure bond issued by the bank
RBI bought $14.26 bn while it sold $11.55 bn
Maharashtra tops with highest share in total motor insurance premium collected across India
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor SS Mundra said banks may demand higher equity from companies that are highly ...
Cut in rate immediately impacts income; when volumes are thin, it is difficult to reduce these rates, says SBI chief
Costs have dropped by 10-15 bps post RBI policy review
At the end of Sept qtr, ratio dipped to 43.2% as FDs and FCNR(B) deposits rose faster, says lender
Poor governance, constant interference of promoters, opposition from unions and talks of being an acquisition target seen as main ...
Rajya Sabha select committee proposes composite cap, call on infusion of fresh equity or sale of existing stake to be taken by ...
The bank has introduced a fixed home loan product for tenure of twenty years that is priced at 10.4%
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday cautioned the public against misuse of certificate of registration issued by it to ...
American Express (Amex), known for its premium credit cards for the world's wealthiest, is introducing a corporate credit card ...
The contentious Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill is expected to be a win-win for customers with provisions made to benefit ...
However, level within RBI's comfort zone, with BoP in first half also looking up
Introduces project 'Khoj' to re-hire 3,000 ex-workers over 18 months
Lesser rupee volatility, thinner foreign flows since July, plus a rise in reserves, say observers
Say PPIs poaching agents, forcing users to shift
Routing standard general insurance products in rural areas through CSCs is easier and cheaper than setting up branch operations
Within consumer banking, small business, personal loans and credit cards grew 29% to Rs 5,301 cr from Rs 4,099 cr a year ago
After SBI, HDFC Bank & Axis Bank now ICICI Bank has also decided to charge its own customers for using their Automated Teller ...
To make online transactions easier, the Reserve Bank will soon come out with single authentication payment norms for low value ...
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has announced a hike in its ATM charges for saving account holders from ...
To begin with, the amount allowed to be transferred will be capped at Rs 5,000 a day and Rs 25,000 a month
The financial institutions claim the cycle of the big drop in their loan growth could last up to one year.
With deposit rates falling, bankers say base rate cut is only a matter of time
Industry estimates suggest the size of the cover could be well above Rs 200 crore
Divestment could reduce NPAs; govt could get Rs 89,120 cr from sale of stakes
Besides policies taken by service providers that carry cash to ATMs, white label ATMs are also insured
All India ING Vysya Bank Employees Union will approach RBI and FinMin to ensure jobs aren't cut
Purchase price to be determined on deal completion date based on financial statements of IBEL at that date
Move comes within days of Guv Rajan saying there had been a fall in rates in the money markets for many reasons
Remittances and charges on current and savings accounts will be their lifeline as they can't earn interest income through lending
The code of conduct would be framed by BCSBI and IBA and would be implemented the boards of the Banks, says RBI ED
Allows operators of white label ATMs to accept international credit, debit and prepaid cards
Says the softer oil prices will ensure a 0.75% cut through 2015
The proceeds would be used for general corporate purposes
Lower commission for the agents, lack of awareness could be the reason
Concerned over sharp rise in bad loans, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said banks are taking a number of steps against ...
State Bank of India (SBI), country's largest lender, has reduced deposit rates below Rs 1 crore on select maturities
India is among the top issuers of debt globally in 2014 along with China and Brazil.
The year 2014 has seen over $525 billion ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25 per cent, ...
Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country's second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be ...
Other large lenders may also stay away, say analysts
Experts believe yield on 10-year paper will move to 7.80-7.85% by end-December, from 7.97% currently
To use proceeds to strengthen long-term resources for financing infra, affordable housing sectors
The central bank stresses that time taken between registration and activation of mobile banking services should be minimal
There are 1.55 mn staffers in the country's postal network
Public sector bank employees will go on strike in western region on Friday
Two of the biggest private sector lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank have effected a cut of up to 0.50 per cent in term deposit ...
The accelerator will invest in early stage technology businesses connected to Zone Startups India and will invest up to Rs 2.7 cr ...
ICICI Bank reduces rate by 25 bps, HDFC Bank by 25-50 bps on select maturities
Also allows rupee-denominated cards to be issued for NRI, foreign travellers
Guidelines cover a right to fair treatment, transparency, suitability, privacy, grievance redressal & relief
Uber's payment procedure falls short on the two-step user authentication system as laid out by RBI
RBI said TReDS should have a minimum paid up equity capital of Rs 25 cr and non-promoters would not hold over 10% of the equity ...
In November, these stocks account for one-third of all stocks in Nifty 50
The move could garner about Rs 89,120 cr at current market rates, but would not make them any better in terms of performance, ...
The concerns voiced by the senior RBI official come within days of Nirmala Sitharaman saying that her department was 'watching' ...
Private sector commercial bank Axis Bank is expecting its credit card business doubling in terms of volume during the next three ...
Bankers call for a robust bankruptcy law to deal with wilful default
This means Mallya might have to resign in the near future from companies where he is a director and want to access bank funds
Six leading bankers and one who has just got a banking licence say they are optimistic about growth and funding isn't a problem ...
FinMin tells PSBs to take pre-emptive steps to ensure least inconvenience to general public
Though banks have not reduced lending rate as such after the fourth bi-monthly policy, many have reduced the spread in their ...
Around 2.50 crore of cheques worth about Rs 1.75 lakh crore are reportedly held up for clearance because of the the relay zonal ...
Says working with government to deal with corporates committing frauds
Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank has raised Rs 750 crore by issuing unsecured redeemable non-convertible ...
RBI will allow more than two players to set up small finance and payments banks, its governor Raghuram Rajan said on Tuesday
Country's top bankers optimistic of strong economic  recovery in 2015
Public sector bank employees today began rotational strike to press for wage hike with staffs of southern region going on a ...
The Reserve Bank of India kept interest rates unchanged at 8% on Tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing ...
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan kept key rates unchanged despite rising pressure from the government and industry to soften rates in ...
At present, foreign investment of up to 49% is permitted through the automatic route.
The proposals to raise this to up to 74% ...
Strike will be held zone-wise from December 2-5
How would you like it if you could pay your electricity bills at the local supermarket, while you buy your monthly groceries? ...
Manappuram Finance may consider converting its latest acquisition, Asirvad Microfinance, into a small finance bank.
Bankers say demand was more muted this festival season than last year
Data shows that AUM in liquid funds has increased 51% m-o-m
Asserting that Bharatiya Mahila Bank will emerge as a strong brand over time, its chairman and managing director Usha ...
To finance India's future financing needs, you need banks of size and Kotak-ING Vysya merger is one step towards that
Says bank is using the Securitization Act to recover funds
Move likely to mobilise Rs 89,000 crore
An advisor with Indian Banks' Association said large banks themselves have an extensive branch network to cover under-banked ...
However, despite infra and network in place, doubts on extent and timeline on revenue generation, apart from competition
Interest among both segments after Thursday's final guidelines, although many say they'd prefer to wait and watch, especially as ...
The move comes against the backdrop of rising instances of people getting duped by illicit money pooling activities
RBI will provide the selection criteria for selecting SCAs to PSBs
The country's foreign exchange reserves fell $672.4 million for the week ended November 21 to $314.88 billion, show Reserve Bank ...
Trade cheers at easing, says decision will curb smuggling, cut red tape
The credit to micro and small enterprises, education and housing sectors are abysmally low
The government is looking at bringing down its stake in public sector banks to 52% and the proposed move may help raise about Rs ...
If you think the new guidelines on payment banks and small finance banks will result in mushrooming of banks immediately, think ...
The government is planning to bring down its stake in public sector banks to 52 per cent, which can fetch the exchequer Rs 89,120 ...
The government is considering a plan to reduce stakes in state-run banks to 52 percent that could enable it to raise about 891.2 ...
But RBI denies them entry into small banks; removes geographical restrictions
The purpose in giving such loans is to provide liquidity to retail investors
The initial target was 75 million.
As of Nov 25, 80 million
accounts have already been opened
Industry has also welcomed the guidelines on small banks
When microfinance firm Bandhan commences banking operations, likely in early 2015, it hopes to service its first clients through ...
Gets RBI approval to enter remittance market
Now retail segment faces asset quality pressure
These banks shall undertake basic banking activities of acceptance of deposits and lending to underserved sections
Reserve Bank of India has allowed banks to give loans to individuals against investment in long-term bonds issued to raise money ...
Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) are in the process of diversifying their sources of funding by tapping the Non-Convertible ...
Flags concern on falling asset quality, capital profile
Experts claim debentures are more stable than commercial papers
Plans to double SME contribution to 30% in next 3 years
US Fed tightening may trigger capital, forex volatility
If the stressed asset of banks crosses the 20% mark, RBI might limit the loan-sanctioning powers of banks with stressed asset ...
State-run banks face major obstacles in their plans to raise as much as $60 billion in new capital over the next few years, with ...
RBI cautions lenders with 20% stressed assets
RBI against regulatory forbearance but open to more flexibility in loan recast
With high lending rates at home, such borrowing rose 33% in October over a year before
Will have to apply for licenses from Irda and the approval process is expected to be completed by the end of June quarter next ...
Banks had extended credit to power plants based on coal supply from some of the mines cancelled by SC
The credit rating agency says the deal will improve operating profile of Kotak, create cross-selling opportunities
The central bank might not be in any immediate position to deliver a rate cut, even as the first target of sub-eight per cent ...
PSBs' share of current and saving accounts has dipped from 33.5% in March '13 to 32.1% in Sept '14
The high-level search panel is headed by Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan
Apex bank says imposters promise loans to needy public at attractive rates, collect processing fees and then vanish
The Insurance Bill proposes to remove the cap on agent commission, currently fixed at 40% of the first-year premium
At present, the PFRDA has Rs 69,000 cr of funds under management
Regulator says scheme should be on the lines of Jan Dhan Yojna
The state had set a target to open 2.5 million more bank accounts in the coming days under the scheme
While an uptick in economic activity will help banks come out of some of their problems, some issues currently facing the Indian ...
The measures include more oversight and bringing state-owned firms under RBI supervision
Even a year after the Reserve Bank of India released the final guidelines for foreign banks to convert their Indian branches into ...
Talking about Citibank in India, country head Pramit Jhaveri said the bank has been running in India for 112 years and it has ...
But the phased introduction of the norms is likely to cushion any adverse impact on the NBFCs, he added
Intake to match retirements each year, with schedule and type of recruiting to be known in advance
As RBI readies for licensing of some niche-segment banks, global banking giant Citibank's India chief Pramit Jhaveri said there ...
Taking a leaf out of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's poll campaign, eminent banker Uday Kotak said that the Rs 15,000-crore merger ...
The Reserve Bank has asked banks to exercise caution before making payments to customers claiming funds lying idle in inoperative ...
Muthoot Finance is planning to raise Rs 400 cr by public issue of bonds
The bank which more than doubled its headcount in last five years, has decided not to hire aggressively for now
Many were up between 3-6%, even as an index tracking banking sector hit an all-time high
Says after acquiring, no rush to cut costs
But business as usual in Hyderabad, as staff were expecting the merger
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has eased the norms for parking external commercial borrowings (ECBs) to allow companies to keep ...
Says this is necessary so that the project is viable and is remunerative for service providers
The Reserve Bank of India has cautioned customers against fraudsters issuing credit card in the banking regulator's name and ...
There is an element of fat and it will be addressed in an evolutionary manner, Kotak said referring to the merger
The acquisition of  ING Vysya Bank by Kotak Mahindra Bank has not only brought these stocks into focus but also given other ...
Swap ratio fixed at 725:1,000; promoter stake in Kotak Bank to come down to 34%
Bank's board to take final decision on $1-billion loan
While multiple synergies and lower-than-expected dilution are positives, the combined entity's return ratios will see some ...
RBI said banks shall adhere to the additional guidelines while levying charges for non-maintenance of minimum balance in savings ...
Jaitley assured banks that their professional decisions would not be influenced by instructions from the Centre and asked them to ...
Bankers say this festival season demand for loans more muted than last year's
Amid controversy over sanctioning a USD 1 billion loan to Adani Group, SBI today said it has only signed a preliminary MoU and ...
Concerned over rising bad loans, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today discussed with PSU bank heads ways to bring down the ...
But finance ministry maintains all KYC requirements will be followed
The competition watchdog is looking at the 4% interest PSBs offered on savings accounts
Issues of capital adequacy, NPAs, recovery, stalled projects, new projects and financial inclusion will be discussed, among ...
Says govt banks need to generate more internal capital; govt should cut stake
Michael D Patra is the executive director of the department, which is headed by Deputy Governor Urjit Patel
Says better credit conditions await India Inc., lowered external vulnerability to reduce forex risk
Customers can transact even without debit card; If the bank has their PAN details, then there is no ceiling on amount of cash ...
Being long-term sources of funding with defined cash inflows and outflows, pension funds can be ideal sources for VC/PE funds
Relaxation in KYC guidelines has helped meet the target but this could lead to money laundering and financial malfeasance, it is ...
The court has also prohibited these societies from carrying out banking activities like ATM and loaning
Other major issues on the agenda include overall credit growth with particular reference to agriculture credit, credit to SMEs
He urged the banks to start looking for ways to generate more internal capital as govt help would be limited due to ongoing ...
10-year bond yields seen near 8.10% before RBI's next policy review
This is likely to change, as term deposit rates are now expected to head southwards
Low demand for corporate loans has decelerated the growth in banks' interest income, restricting improvement in their ...
Officials say debit cards, accident insurance cover will be rolled out to all account holders in a few weeks
The RBI has made significant changes in norms for asset buying and selling to ensure ARCs have skin in the game
Government's financial inclusion mission is well intentioned, but it may be putting a severe strain on the banking sector
Snapchat has launched the feature in collaboration with Square Cash, a mobile payments company
SBI's total investments were pegged at Rs 485,734 cr at end-September. This is predominantly of government and corporate bonds, ...
Jaitley said on Monday that if RBI brought these down in its policy review scheduled for Dec 2, it would provide a "good fillip" ...
Funds raised via long-tem infra bonds (with tenure of 7 years or more) are exempted from the mandatory CRR and SLR requirements
Senior citizens may not be offered product actively due to high mortality charges
Change in customer preference and increased risk appetite are reasons for shift
Says in the longer term, the Jan Dhan Yojna will augment business per branch
However most experts believe that it was unlikely that exchanges would be awarded licenses
Gujarat bureaucrat Hasmukh Adhia has been nominated as a director on the Central Board of Directors of the Reserve Bank of India.
Axis Bank acting through its DIFC (Dubai International Financial Centre) branch is set to raise at least $ 500 million through ...
The Reserve Bank today said final guidelines on Payments Banks are expected to be issued by this month-end, while norms for Small ...
The passage of the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill could spur sector re-rating, according to Espírito Santo Securities (ESS) ...
Lenders have also started monitoring their gold loan portfolio more cautiously, as risk rises with a fluctuating prices
Asking micro-lenders to look at only a "reasonable profit" to sustain their business
Public sector banks together accounted for 74% share in aggregate deposits and 71.7% share in gross bank credit,
Arun Jaitley may attend the meeting, if not Department of Financial Services Secretary Hasmukh Adhia will head the review meeting
This is because premiums would go up and companies may pass it on to its workforce
The pace of slippage on doubtful assets for public sector banks (PSBs) moderated in the July-September quarter.
However, bad ...
The yen tumbled for a fourth week on speculation Prime Minister Shinzo Abe may call an early election, consolidating his mandate ...
FIPB clears current foreign investment structure; bank has to pay penalty
To appoint single vendor for maintenance
To take stock of Jan Dhan scheme, review performance
Any domestic company, both listed and unlisted, and any issuer of permissible securities would be allowed to raise money through ...
Net interest income rises 8.35% to Rs 13,274 cr
Sources say the tenure of the Axis Bank bonds will be 10 years and the likely coupon rate would be 8.85 per cent
The scheme will create awareness among children about savings
The HDFC stake in HDFC Bank has been considered foreign
Inflation dropped to a new multi-year low in October, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices, intensifying ...
One of the suggestions was, instead of having local area banks which focus on 2-3 districts, we should allow, for the prosperity ...
RBI norms propose area of operations of small banks to be restricted to contiguous districts in a homogeneous cluster of states
Last year, India Post had applied for a universal banking licence but was not granted one by RBI
Seven CMD posts are currently vacant.
One more will be vacated on December 31, after Vijaya Bank's CMD V Kannan retires
An accident insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh is also given to all individuals who open a bank account under the Jan-Dhan Yojana
Expectations of a cut in repo rate by RBI had started building up due to softening retail inflation
The bank acted through its Bahrain Branch for this bond issuance
The target for the priority sector lending was Rs 36,130 cr
The long-pending proposal of HDFC Bank to hike overseas holding may be taken up by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) ...
The Reserve Bank of India's proposed final guidelines on starting payment banks - meant to serve smaller businesses and lower ...
RBI feels gold loan firms are exposed to inherent concentration risk and adverse movement of gold prices
Asks insurers to look into burning cost; group health premiums may go up
Strike is total, impacts all branches of PSU and private banks.
Clearing operation at RBI also hit
This is because the bond market is bullish on expectations of a cut in interest rate due to softening inflation numbers
The data show close to 72.5 million accounts have been opened till November 10 with an average 500,000 opened every day
Total income increases to Rs 1,883 cr
More equity schemes join the Rs 5,000 crore plus club in India, generate alpha over benchmarks
UFBU is an umbrella organization of nine unions of employees and officers of the banks
Bankers, who observed a day-long strike on Wednesday, have threatened to go on another four-day strike from December 2-5 seeking ...
The nation-wide bank strike to press for wage revision brought banking services in West Bengal to a grinding halt today ...
Employee unions of public sector banks went on a nationwide strike today to press for wage revision, affecting banking services ...
Players fear losing their businesses to local moneylenders
IFC, part of World Bank Group, will invest proceeds of rupee bonds into Axis Bank's proposed infrastructure bonds
American Express aims to target frequent travellers with annual income of Rs 6 lakh or more with its new card
The bank is now funding up to 100% of the loan to value (LTV) amount for two-wheelers (on-road prices)
Muthoot Finance is set to raise Rs 400 crore by way of public issue of Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs)
Public sector lender Bank of India is infusing $ 32 million into its subsidiary in Indonesia
Raises capital requirement, proposes stricter NPA guidelines; norms to be introduced in a phased manner by April 2018; aim to ...
Banks should have 4.5% CET 1 within the overall capital requirement of eight per cent, applicable from January 2015
In a big relief to over 10 million retired employees of government and public sector undertakings (PSUs), a pensioner can now ...
Foreign lenders in India often complain that their growth opportunities in India have been limited because of the restrictions ...
Showing stress in the system, its GNPAs grew to Rs 3,861 cr
Employees have decided to go on one-day nation-wide strike to press for wage revision
She was spearheading transactions involving private equity and hedge funds under the Financial Sponsors Group
The rally in Indian bonds is providing the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan an unexpected gift: Falling ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government is planning to bring down its stake in public sector banks to 52 per cent ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to take a "more dovish" stance in its upcoming monetary policy review on December 2
In its Economic Outlook report, OECD said inflationary expectations are still high
NCDs are loan-linked securities issued by a company and can't be converted into stocks
It will be levying Rs 15 per, plus tax, from November 15
Number of foreign banks rose to 43 from 31 in 5 yrs.
In comparison, only two Indian firms got approval to set up banks in April ...
The bank reports net profit of Rs 103 cr in Sept quarter on lower provisioning and improvement in margins
Public sector lender Corporation Bank (Corp Bank) plans to raise upto Rs 1,500 cr capital via Basel III compliant bonds in ...
At other bank ATMs, the customers of these banks will be charged beyond three transactions
Airline company responds to bank's willful default notice
Foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, rose $2.03 billion to $290.37 billion
September quarter profit plunged 33% on higher provisioning
Draft circular asks companies to opt for the lower of either F&U filing and norms under Rule 17D of Insurance Act
In a bid to suck out excess liquidity, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has announced the auction of the 42-days cash management ...
Aided by increase in yield on advances and improvement in asset quality, the Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank ...
The beleaguered public sector lender Syndicate Bank today reported 33% decline in net profit at Rs 316 crore for the second ...
Most lenders claim bad loan worries a thing of the past
Any improvement in asset quality will be U-shaped rather than V-shaped, Moody's said grad
Customers using e-commerce websites are young and techno-savvy
The asset quality of state-owned banks will continue to be burdened by weak financial health of Indian corporates, credit rating ...
Standalone health insurer Star Health has hence announced the re-launch of 'Family Health Optima cover'
J&K floods, Hudhud increase credit ratio; premiums to depend also on international insurers
The yield on the 10-year bond ended at a 14-month low of 8.19% compared with Monday's close of 8.26%
Banks have been asked to send an SMS alert when cheques are received for clearing and examine cheques under UV lamp for clearance ...
The chorus on an interest rate cut to revive the economy has got louder with the recent climbdown in inflation
New rate effective today, will be 12.25-13.75% range; base rate unchanged, spread narrowed
The banking consumers also scored highest loyalty points when it came to loyalty schemes and credit card schemes
The offshore fund, which has a corpus of $150 million, will invest in residential projects in India
The rate cut will be effective from November 10
As per RBI guidelines, Micro and Small Enterprises are ones in which loan size is up to Rs 5 cr
Around one in four of the 500 largest corporate borrowers may formally be tagged as financially distressed
Competition has intensified in the online term insurance space with the premium for a Rs 1 crore pure-term cover coming down as ...
Cyclone Hudhud powered its way inland over eastern India inflicting damage to the tune of Rs 3,000-3,200 cr
Seeks to make lending requirements flexible for banks financing key stalled projects
Private sector lenders on wait-and-watch mode
Credit to NBFCs dropped 4.4% in Sept this year compared to an increase of 26.6% in the corresponding month last year
S&P in a statement said the asset quality is expected to remain weak over the next 12 months and revised assessment of the ...
It is now expanding the reach to focus on small-size loans, to target financial inclusion
The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond  dropped for a third consecutive session on Monday
The rise in profit was mainly on account of higher net interest income
Make up for MTM losses in September quarter as yields on 10-yr bonds soften
The proposed meeting comes amid rising bad loans and reports of various irregularities in state-owned banks
The bond market is factoring in hopes of a repo rate cut by the RBI in the current financial year itself
Exposure to metal and power sectors on wish list
Even as RBI allowed banks to charge ATM transcations beyond five in metros, the lenders are yet to restrict the number of free ...
State Bank of India has received around Rs 500 crore from the Telangana government as part of the crop loan waiver scheme
State-owned life insurer LIC lowered its exposure in 14 blue-chip firms during the July-September quarter with sale of shares ...
The RBI has directed regional rural and central cooperative banks to partially freeze bank accounts of those customers who have ...
Banks mull setting up a fund with a corpus of Rs 5,000 crore to infuse equity into stalled power projects
LIC seeks exemption from the rule and is hopeful of getting special treatment
The final selection will be made by the appointment board on the weighted average marks given by the sub-committees
Except SBI all other major lenders have not levied charges
Total income grew 11% to Rs 1,278 crore as against Rs 1,152 crore a year ago
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs 20 per use
Provisions zoomed 44% to Rs 892.4 cr and asset quality worsened with the gross NPA ratio going up to 7.35% in the Jul-Sept period
The bank has now decided not to go for large corporate lending and the focus is on retail, agriculture and small and medium ...
The board also approved the demerger of financial undertaking of IDFC into IDFC Bank
Retail credit saw high growth during the quarter registering an year on year increase of 18.6%
The bank has shareholders nod to raise additional equity capital of Rs 600 crore from the markets
ICICI Bank - the country's largest private sector lender reported a net profit of Rs 2709 crore for the quarter ended September ...
Though credit demand has been tepid for several quarters, this fortnightly dip came just ahead of the Diwali week, the main ...
The fixed payment to lock-in rates for a year using the derivatives fell 37 basis points this month, the most since September ...
Move follows RBI's decision to allow banks to raise long-term resources to finance affordable housing
The last time the life insurer launched a Ulip plan was in January 2013, that too after a gap of two years
The outlook pertains mainly to the public-sector banks, which represent more than 70% of total banking-system assets
In the current financial year, the Reserve Bank has not auctioned these bonds as the response last year was not positive
Say re-paying loans in smaller tranches will help small businesses
As ULIPs or market-linked insurance plans make a big comeback, leading private sector life insurer Reliance Life's CEO Anup Rau ...
Private equity firm ICICI Venture terms charges baseless; hearing to start in Mauritius SC on Nov 11
Bandhan is likely to enter the banking sector by September 2015
Management of non-performing asset and recovery has also been affected due to lack of CMDs
Easing interest rates, high cost & customer behaviour reasons for rate revisions
General insurance industry offers insurance for product recalls by the automobile industry
The company is expecting net profit of Rs 650 crore and total premium of Rs 11,000 crore by year end
These NBFCs continue to face a challenging period of subdued growth and build-up in delinquencies in first quarter of FY15
While his term was to end on August 31, 2015, he said he was leaving the company to pursue new challenges
Of the 700-odd Indians having foreign bank accounts, not all can be deemed to be operating these illegally.An Indian resident is ...
Infrastructure lender IDFC and micro-lender Bandhan were chosen among two dozen applicants to enter the banking fray in February ...
KR Kamath, who joined PNB in October 2009, had another 13 months to superannuation
Kinara Capital, a Bangalore-based non-banking finance company (NBFC) that lends to micro and small businesses, today said it has ...
The probe into selections for banks such as Bank of Baroda and Canara Bank followed the arrest of Syndicate Bank CMD S K Jain for ...
Along with the imperative for having this cover, consumer woes are on the rise, despite regulatory intervention
The bank has lent over Rs 300 cr to the carrier, is yet to official declare it a wilful defaulter
Reworks strategy; to issue debentures worth Rs 500 cr
Now, the selection would be done by a panel necessarily comprising of RBI Governor or his nominee.
Net NPAs of IFCI grew from 1.92% in FY' 2012 to 11.39% in FY' 2014
Banks could so far recover around Rs 1,000 cr by selling pledged shares
An ongoing churn in life insurance products has made growth elusive for insurers, including state-run behemoth LIC, as only ...
After it waived off the processing fee late September as part of its festive offering, the bank is disbursing close to Rs 200 ...
The regulator may to suggest that the agent licensing process, which is currently handled by Irda, be handed over to insurers
Aieba has praised Modi for taking the lead to bring unbanked families in country within ambit for financial services
Reason: products have become simpler thanks to the new traditional product norms launched in January 2014
It has already sanctioned funds for 10 projects
Despite huge branch networks, little has been done to push these financial instruments
Stress on asset quality is a key concern, says the ratings agency
For the week under review, the Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) rose $23.1 million to $4.32 billion
Insurance sector regulator Irda has slapped a penalty of Rs 50 lakh on general insurer ICICI Lombard for violating various norms ...
Bank employees body AIBEA today asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take steps to fill up the vacant posts of CMDs at state-run ...
While the Prime Minister has come out with his thrust on 'Make in India' and 'Skill India', the present financial architecture in ...
Lenders say they have been left with no choice but cut rates, as companies are increasingly turning to the corporate bond market ...
Government bond yields are seen falling on expectations of a rate cut this financial year, due to a fall in retail inflation. ...
SBI Mutual Fund on Thursday said it had launched an inflation-indexed bond fund (IIBF) offering, which is aimed at investors with ...
Long term third party motor insurance policies for commercial vehicles are still some time away
Many operating in insurance claims investigation space are facing hardships during probing suspicious claims
While three members sought a cut of 25 basis points (bps), one argued for a 50-bps cut
If indirect pressure fails, RBI is considering forcing companies to give detailed financial information through their lenders
To improve the loan recovery performance of banks in Odisha, the state level bankers' committee (SLBC) has urged the state ...
SKS Microfinance, the only listed microfinance company in the country, has completed its first securitisation transaction of Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India issued new guidelines on Tuesday on the reporting of bad debt and the working of the Joint Lenders' ...
RBI conducts interviews for first lateral hire for CGM post; deputy governors to head four distinct verticals
"Real interest-rates are becoming more and more positive, which would be severely disinflationary, and that means we have to cut ...
The company said that this was despite settling claims worth Rs 130 cr in Jammu and Kashmir
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has redistributed the portfolios of deputy governors consequent on reorganisation of the ...
New guidelines will benefit corporate bond market, with many new issuers tapping it
For the first time in its 79-year history, RBI is set to laterally recruit specialists in Grade F, that is, chief general ...
HDFC Bank today reported a Q2 net profit of Rs 2,380 crore, up 20% on a year-on-year basis.
Punjab National Bank today posted a Q2 net profit of Rs 575.3 crore compared to Rs 505.5 crore in the year-ago period, an uptick ...
Aditya Birla Financial Services Group, the financial services arm of Aditya Birla Group, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding ...
The latest data from the Sebi show companies raised around Rs 58,000 cr in Sept through private placement of bonds
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Forward Markets Commission are meeting next week to consider the proposal
Not to charge own customer for more than 5 ATM transactions
The bank, in a statement, said the size of its Basel-III-compliant AT-I bonds was Rs 1,500 cr, with an option to retain ...
In violation of Group Insurance Guidelines, Rs 204 cr was paid by SBI Life to 14 Master Policy Holders
According to industry estimates, about Rs 3 lakh-crore bank funding is stuck in several companies, which are into infrastructure ...
Cut in diesel price to have minimum impact on CPI
Private sector Yes Bank today said it has raised USD 422 million by way of dual currency multi-tenor syndicated loan facility.
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said that they have raised the limit of losses required to be ...
Insurance amendment Bill proposes to reduce minimum capital to Rs 50 cr.
This could enable smaller firms enter the sector and be ...
Andhra Pradesh-based microfinance institutions, Share and Asmitha, have chalked out a reorganization plan for their businesses.
State-run Canara Bank  said on Saturday that it will raise up to 850 million rupees ($13.85 million) through selling shares to ...
The insurance regulator expressed concerned over low premiums quoted by companies, as well as a high incurred claims-premium ...
Banks have assured power producers they would continue to support the sector, hit by the Supreme Court verdict cancelling coal ...
Vijayan added whatever penalty was imposed, a detailed information on the quantum and justification was available in the public ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose by $1.31 billion for the week-ended October 10 to $312.74 billion, show data ...
Describes relationship with Centre as cordial, sees economic growth picking up
Bad loans and lacklustre profits might drive the lenders to begin the sale of billions of dollars of unwanted assets to raise
The Board reviewed the functioning of RBI as well as the current economic situation and global and domestic challenges
The lender has revised its base rate to 10.15% from 10.25%
The Kotak Mahindra Group on Thursday said that its personal loan business was independent from other companies in the group, ...
DCB Bank (formerly known as Development Credit Bank) has raised Rs 250 crore of Tier I Capital through the Qualified Institutions ...
The industrial units located in various industrial estates in Visakhapatnam and the neighbouring districts are estimated to have ...
The central bank will also allow more participation in the currency futures market, he said
Rajan took several steps to attract capital flows which helped the rupee strengthen.
It is now trading in the narrow range of ...
Japan and Egypt among regions where the bank is exiting consumer banking
Sector set to get FDI boost from changes incorporated in new insurance Bill
RBI governor says such banks will cater to small customers across the country
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will soon invite applications for issuance of licences in three categories - small banks, payment ...
R K Nair, member-finance and investment at Irda will be the chairman of the group
SIDBI provides long term finance to MSMEs to meet their requirements on very nominal terms
RBI's inflation target likely to be met much before January 2016 deadline
Bankers have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to continue regulatory forbearance on loan restructuring for another year.
As ...
Given the enormity of losses in natural calamities, the call for setting up of a natural catastrophe pool gets louder
Thomas Cook has been in India since 1881 and has a national network of own offices, travel stores and franchisees to sell its ...
Credit in the banking system has received a festive boost and surged by 11 per cent in the past one year.
Prior to this, bank ...
The Financial Stability Board wants to limit the damage the collapse of a major bank would inflict on the world economy
Jean Tirole (pictured), winner of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences, said banks that benefit from government support ...
Mumbai, 14 OctoberA decline in inflation, as well as excess liquidity, has resulted in the yield on the benchmark 10-year ...
The plan includes demerge of the AP portfolio
Lower CPI may allow banks to cut retail rates
Stating the Indian economic recovery was uneven, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has exuded optimism that the ...
What attracts insurers to this segment are rising health costs, low penetration of health insurance, and focus on universal ...
In June 2014, RBI had said that customers will need to submit only one documentary proof of address
Groupe BPCE is France's second largest bank by customers
Representatives of about 30 lenders, including IDBI Bank and State Bank of India, had a detailed review meeting on the issue
Banks have started to reduce short term corporate bulk deposit rates on the back of comfortable liquidity signalling downward ...
Moody's Investors Service has withdrawn the 'Baa3' insurance financial strength rating of Life Insurance Corporation of India ...
These norms would make micro-lenders, telecom players, NBFCs and PSUs eligible to apply for licences
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said there would be some volatility in emerging markets once the US Federal Reserve decided to ...
In order to streamline the cash management system, Indian Banks' Association (IBA) has suggested the Reserve Bank to lay down ...
The Indian Bank's Association will assist banks in this regard
RBI had come out with draft guidelines on the differentiated banks in July this year and had asked for comments on the same by ...
Section 45 in the new Bill says no claim can be repudiated after three years of the policy being in force
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said a ceiling on how much government debt foreigners can buy could be removed over the next two ...
Pace of growth slowed in 2013-14 at 12.7%, plausibly reflecting correction in trends due to subdued demand
For the first time in 6 months the central bank has solddollars in the foreign exchange market in August mainly due to curb ...
Six metros include Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Hyderabad
But bank might not be allowed to bring fresh foreign investment in immediate future
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration has proposed giving the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor veto power over a new ...
Underscoring the need for financial sector reforms, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has stressed the "time to deliver begins now" and ...
India's growth rate is expected to improve to 7 per cent by FY 2017, while inflation and the current account deficit are likely ...
The insurance regulator has already allowed insurers to deal in rupee interest rate derivatives
Sequel to RBI announcing Rs 10,000-cr sale of govt bonds next week
Another loan, to Sima Hotels and Resorts (Rs 69 cr outstanding) was bought by Alchemist ARC
However, muted demand, pressure on margins remain a worry
Not considering opening ECB route in a major way, says dy governor
Public sector banks lead in stressed assets and restructured advances, which are 9.8% of gross advances at the end of March 2014
Hyderabad firm Digitsecure launches online and mobile social wallet platform that enables payments, money transfers between FB, ...
With new appointments, the number of executive directors has risen to 11
In a major boost to the Andhra Pradesh, Asian Development Bank (ADB) has said that it would set up industrial zones in the state ...
Bankers have sought clarity from the finance ministry regarding taxation of additional Tier-I bonds through which they are ...
The ministry would like banks to make a full-proof arrangement for high value FDs, including due diligence of KYC details
With share market up, firms are again interested in raising money this way but credit is going to be a problem, given recent ...
Additional features could include assistance for emergency evacuation during domestic travel, apart from covers for hand baggage
2014 sees slowest start to festival season in at least 7 years
Indian companies raised only $129 mn raised in 2013 and just $16 mn raised till date in 2014
During intra-day trade the rate touched a high of 8.5% after opening at 8%
He just changed jobs a few months ago.
And in the thoroughly automated world of mortgage finance, having recently changed jobs ...
Lower-than-expected bids force firm to postpone the process
Sum insured ranges from Rs 50 lakh to Rs 12 crore
A French court has already ordered UBS to deposit a $1.4-bn guarantee to cover a portion of potential fines in the case
Over the past 18 months, there have been at least six instances of stakeholders in insurance ventures expressing their desire to ...
Indian banks to require over $200 bn in capital upto FY 2019
The country's second largest software services firm Infosys today launched a new solution to help banks simplify transaction ...
Indian banks will need $200 billion additional capital over the next five years to meet Basel III capital adequacy norms and the ...
Monetary stance will be guided by domestic inflation outlook, says Urjit Patel
The Reserve Bank of India is not biased towards either raising or cutting interest rates, and its monetary policy stance will ...
The government has provided for Rs 11,200 cr for bank capitalisation in the Budget for the current financial year
With the central bank keeping its short-term lending rate unchanged citing inflationary risks, Financial Services Secretary G S ...
Insurance executives said that Life Insurance Corporation of India will play a large role in this space going forward
Industry players say this is because the demand in other segments is still low
Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the Reserve Bank is in the process of redefining the definition of "wilful defaulters" so as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent on Tuesday, as widely expected, while ...
The central bank on Tuesday left its repo rate untouched at 8% as part of its continuing battle against inflation
Stung by allegations of going easy in the Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) case, market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India ...
After witnessing a surge in bad loans purchases in the April-June quarter, the pace of activity has nose-dived in the second ...
Experts believe there would be some reaction when the US Fed does move but it would be a limited impact
SBI MD writes to UP chief secretary expressing her concerns
In August, a similar directive was given to public sector banks with respect to their female employees
The board of Qatar's Doha Bank  has authorised the purchase of the Indian assets of HSBC Bank Oman, and has called a shareholder ...
Bank employees' unions would resume their agitation for wage revision and service conditions from October 10
Public sector general insurer United India Insurance has said it is looking to re-enter the overseas markets and will soon carry ...
A slowdown in credit pick up from corporates may prevent country's largest lender State Bank of India from announcing aggressive ...
The company had scaled down this business following the crisis in Andhra Pradesh's microfinance sector in October, 2010
Close on the heels of revising India's sovereign credit rating from negative to stable, Standard & Poor's on Friday upgraded ...
A day after announcing its plan to exit its life insurance joint venture with AEGON, Religare Enterprises said it will stay in ...
Chief executives of banks on Friday discussed the ramifications of the Supreme Court's order cancelling allocation of coal
Customer will be able to store any number of policies in one single account in the electronic format and thereby avoid the ...
Says industry came out from a much severe situation in 1990s when NPAs were in double digits
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) chairman T S Vijayan on Friday said they would be making suggestions to the ...
National Bark for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD)has sanctioned Rs 15 crore to Regional Rural Banks (RRB) in Uttar ...
Rajan said once inflation is contained, RBI will be in a much more comfortable position
This would increase penetration, according to private pension fund managers
Top bankers meet today to take stock of fallout of Supreme Court's ruling on coal blocks
The RBI governor stresses the need for better infrastructure
The following decision would be reflected in the reduction in face value of equity shares in existing GDR programme
Financial viability and low interchange fee seen as a huge challenge
The account will offer a personalised cheque book and a debit card with a picture of his or her choice
After Janalakshmi's record-breaking deal, Indian MFI sector likely to raise Rs 2,000 crore in FY15
The top 11 metals, mining and power companies whose coal blocks have been cancelled together owe Rs 2.7 lakh crore to lenders
SBI will reduce the face value of each equity share to 1 rupee from Rs 10
Says 'Chief Learning Position' to be created in all commercial banks
The central bank's borrowing in the second half of the current fiscal is seen at Rs 2.48 lakh crore
Differences arise between Euroclear and RBI on cross-border settlement of govt bonds
In July, RBI had raised the FIIs' sub-limit in government bonds by $5 bn, after the existing $20-bn limit was almost exhausted
Exim Bank on Tuesday said it has received Rs 650 crore in capital infusion so far this financial year from the government and ...
In talks to raise $2 billion through offshore rupee-denominated securities
SBI leads a 17-member consortium of lenders trying to recover dues running into over Rs 7,500 cr in principal alone from ...
Bandhan, the microfinance institution which is planning to convert into a bank, has recruited ten people for its management team
Reserve Bank's committee on capacity building has suggested that banks must avoid transfer for the sake of norms and make them ...
According to Moody's, low capital levels remain a key credit weakness for the public-sector bank
Low interchange fee, high operation costs make financial viability tough
IFCI's ability to raise funds at competitive cost through capital market instruments would be critical for its competitiveness
Bank's boards in its meeting on Sept 19 discussed various options of raising capital to meet Basel-III norms
TFCI is another Delhi-based public financial institution set up to cater to financial needs of tourism industry
LIC leads insurers in selling shares worth Rs 17,000 cr this quarter
The facility provides latest technical information on agriculture and allied activities to farmers of Andhra and Telangana
Amid reservations expressed by the Reserve Bank on slow pick-up of mobile banking, country's largest private lender ICICI Bank ...
Are students studying abroad the most needy in the country or is it the most important?, he asked
Calling for a re-think on easy credit, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said banks are actually subsidising student education ...
Although close to 4 crore bank accounts have been opened under the Jan Dhan scheme so far, there is a huge backlog in the ...
Five associates of State Bank of India (SBI) would raise about Rs 33,000 crore capital to meet global risk norms -- Basel III -- ...
LIC has 12.7 lakh policyholders in the flood-ravaged state
The fiscal deficit for the current financial year has been pegged at 4.1% of the gross domestic product
Smurfing is a practice by which cash is broken into smaller deposits of money to defeat suspicion of money laundering
But they admit that corporate houses still continue to shy away from availing of bank credit
Heads of operations and retail management quit
The state-run bank has an exposure of about Rs 300 crore to the airline
The Federal Reserve should start raising U.S. interest rates in the spring, earlier than many investors currently expect, and ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has imposed a fine of Rs 40 lakh on Aegon Religare Life Insurance for ...
The Reserve Bank today warned the banks to be more careful while opening accounts under the Jan- Dhan Yojana, saying that a ...
Standard Chartered Bank does not expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)  to pare its policy rates this month as inflation ...
On Thursday, the rupee ended at 60.85 a dollar, compared with the previous close of 60.92
Banks also believe charging for ATM transactions might deter card usage
The benefit Jan Dhan Yojana can be extended to existing account holders without opening a new account
Insurers indicated that product meant for specific risk profiles after assessing the individual customers would also be launched
The Tata group unit expects its total loan portfolio to expand by 30% annually to reach around Rs 10,000 cr this financial year
The bank has over 1.15 crore registered mobile banking customers
India's benchmark 10-year bond yield dropped to its lowest level in more than 11 months on Thursday on hopes foreign investors ...
Hiring insurance agents not on their mind
It will be the first Japanese bank to come up in Gujarat
Helps mobilise additional $50mn from other investors
Bank credit had last grown at a sub-10% rate in October 2009 (9.01%)
RBI says equity shares should be issued in accordance with the extant foreign direct investment guidelines on sectoral caps, ...
It has been decided to set aside Rs 50 crore from Social Security Fund
This exemption is valid for a period of two months from the date of this order
Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance today announced  e-integration in bancassurance with the launch of ...
Fair trade watchdog CCI has rejected charges that insurance regulator Irda's rules, which grant of corporate agency license to ...
Simultaneously, the bank has hiked the deposit rate by 25 basis points in the 180-210 days category to 7.25%
Presently, bank licences are given only during a particular timeframe as specified by the regulator
Loan growth has fallen below 11% as compared to 16.8% a year ago
Says there is a need for a re-think on the process in which subsidies are currently offered to consumers
H R Khan, deputy governor of RBI said the idea is to reduce the number of cash transactions in the country
Mumbai, 16 SeptemberReserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor H R Khan has denied plans to raise the debt limit for foreign ...
The capital adequacy ratio is around 11%
Final guidelines for on tap universal banking licences will be issued in the current fiscal, Reserve Bank Deputy Governor R ...
Exide Life Insurance today announced the launch of 'Exide Life Assured Gain Plus'
Asks govt to free diesel prices, says economic recovery still uneven
Previous govt had selected some for appointment in PSBs to replace many CMDs EDs due for retirement in 2014-15
The government has decided to raise the commission to banks for managing Direct Benefit Transfers (DBTs) to two per cent from the ...
Second authentication for small value payments through credit cards can be reduced subject to conditions
Says about 30-40% of cash in circulation now will be replaced with digital transactions
The reduction in interest rate came into effect from September 1
The infrastructure financier has already reduced foreign shareholding to less than half, as mandated by norms
Indian companies had raised $2.31 billion from the foreign markets in the corresponding month in 2013
Products not approved by regulator within 30 days of filing can be freely sold; approval to be valid for five years
As concerns mount over rising bad loans and scams at banks, the Reserve Bank today asked lenders to improve project evaluation ...
Private sector Axis Bank today launched e-surveillance facility for its ATMs for better monitoring and detection of any ...
Batting for greater autonomy to state-run lenders, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the government should look at them as ...
A BCG report projects that increasing digitisation of services by banks could also improve efficiencies, especially in PSBs
As banks rush to open accounts under the Centre's Jan Dhan scheme, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today cautioned them on the risks ...
With digitisation gaining ground, it is likely that going ahead there is a possibility that 30-40% of cash in circulation will be ...
Was earlier exploring opportunities to sell its shares in the insurance joint venture for around Rs 700 cr
Former CAG has stressed need to understand trend of NPAs of private lenders being very low in comparison to that of public
Government bond yields are expected to fall this week on the back of softening inflation.
The rupee is seen range-bound. In ...
In a novel green initiative, HDFC Bank has launched a system of sending the personal identification number (PIN) for debit card ...
Country's largest insurer LIC has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part ...
Ahead of the second round of wage negotiations beginning tomorrow in New Delhi, state-owned general insurers have written to the ...
The proposed small banks will provide a whole suite of basic banking products such as deposits and supply of credit, but in a ...
Cracking down on money laundering, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has closed down six Urban Cooperative Banks (UCBs) which were ...
As part of its 'go-green' initiative, HDFC Bank has started sending PIN, unique code number, for debit card holders through SMS
Debit card use at POS terminals increasing at rapid clip, transactions at ATMs declining
Apart from increasing the number of offers, banks are looking at also rolling out differentiated offers in order to woo consumers
Under the new norms call options on additional tier-I debt will now be allowed at five years, against 10 years earlier
Gets Irda nod; external TPAs will continue to serve state-owned general insurers
The finance ministry is finalising the draft Cabinet note on reducing government stake in public sector banks (PSBs) to 52 per ...
The government plans to repurchase government bonds (G-secs) through reverse auction for Rs 20,000 crore on Tuesday.
These will ...
It was the second meeting of the panel.
It would meet again on Sept 19 and 26 to expedite firming up report
In July 2014, RBI permitted banks to issue long term bonds for financing infrastructure and affordable housing
Says customer data, records, cash are safe
Put together and subsidised by a community body, and offered by National Insurance, it has had about 100,000 applications
Company says this would help it improve margin
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today asked life insurers to extend every possible facilitation in quick ...
The Finance Ministry is finalising the draft Cabinet note on reducing government stake in PSU banks to up to 52 per cent as part ...
KOCHI 12 SEPTEMBER     Manappuram Finance Limited, a  leading gold financing company, announced  its public issue of  ...
Irda's licence to CSCs is valid for three years, after which it can be renewed for another three years
Currently, the fee is Rs 15 per financial transaction.
This has been recommended to be revised to Rs 16.50, plus service tax ...
Restrains banks from declaring the company a wilful defaulter, for now
He was also worried that altering the price of capital for substantial period of time distorts investment decisions and the ...
Set up 15 new branches on Thursday, taking its network in Odisha to 799
The bond issue is under its updated $ 7.5 billion Global Medium Term Note (GMTN) program
The Gujarat High court has held that in case company defaults on a loan payment, not all of its directors can be declared as ...
Based on the credit history banks may later decide to extend the amount
The parameters would be the number of accounts opened, the number of households covered, the camps conducted and house-to-house ...
The 2014 electoral verdict has bolstered investor confidence and raised hopes of economic revival, apex banks says in its monthly ...
Non banking finance Bajaj Finance Ltd will set a wholly-owned subsidiary to run housing finance business where it plans to invest ...
ICICI Bank-country's largest private sector bank-will now allow consumers to withdraw cash can be withdrawn or transferred even ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India today denied receiving any communication from the British banking regulator asking ...
Life Insurance Industry in India is expected to grow at a rate of 10% in FY15 on an 'Annual Premium Equivalent (APE calculated as ...
RBI rule, applicable prospectively, also for non-group guarantors
Move clears doubt on Puri, Sobti's eligibility for re-appointments
Sources said a few other lenders were also contemplating a move to declare both Kingfisher Airlines and UBHL wilful defaulters
Daily CRR maintenance posing challenge for liquidity management
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan took charge of India's central bank when the rupee seemed to be in a tailspin while ...
The balance sheet of the European Central Bank and the Euro zone's national central banks contracted by euro 26.6 billion to euro ...
Board approves splitting one equity share od Rs 10 into five shares of Rs 2 each
The funding was led by Motilal Oswal Private Equity along with existing investors
ICICI did not give a reason for the stock split but it looks as an aim to increase the liquidity of scrip
The Reserve Bank today fixed 70 years as the maximum age for a person to hold office of MD & CEO and other Whole Time ...
Reliance Life Insurance Company today launched 'Reliance Fixed Savings', a unique endowment insurance plan that secures future ...
The Reserve Bank of India said the upper age limit for managing directors, chief executive officers and other whole-time ...
Says the new norms are particularly good for public sector banks
Facility to be available for tap and go cards; transaction limit of Rs 2,000 sought
The bank earlier used to offer an interest rate of 4% on deposits in savings accounts
The new norms for Basel-III capital instruments will be credit-positive for Indian banks, according to Moody's, the global rating ...
Each match is covered for Rs 5 cr, at par with IPL matches and higher than CL T20 matches played outside India
The move to establish BRICS bank is meant to provide patient money and not aimed at challenging the existing multilateral ...
A new standardised disclosure regime put in place for insurance sector has spilled the beans for life insurers' claims on ...
Following the fair trade watchdog Competition Commission ordering a probe into the state-owned general insurers' health cover ...
Seeking to deal firmly with wilful defaults in payment of bank loans like Kingfisher, government is planning to come out with a ...
Fears that the world might be setting the stage for a repeat of the years after the Asian crisis of the '90s
This would help the bank mobilise Rs 12,000 cr to meet its growth target of 18%
Report stated the funds were surreptitiously transferred out of the bank by creating a fake overdraft facility
The companies are New India Insurance, Oriental Insurance, United Insurance and National Insurance
Credit to the education sector increased only by 1.9% in July-March period this year
Also says PSU banks divestment to be considered after improvement in governance
For the bank, cost of capital raised through Basel III instruments is expected to be lower
MDRT is premier association for financial services professionals like insurance agents; LIC leads the chart with 6730 MDRT
At present, the MFI industry has nearly 30 million customers, of which not more than 10 per cent have bank accounts
RBI had in May allowed minors more than 10 years old to open and operate savings bank accounts independently
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of banks for resolving ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold the key interest rate in its policy review meeting later this month and is expected ...
May apply for small bank and wholesale consumer banking licence
A week after the official launch of the Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana, the Reserve Bank of India has begun a review of the ...
Last month, Bhushan Steel's vice-chairman and managing director, Neeraj Singal, was arrested by CBI
For the whole banking sector also the gross NPA is expected to increase to 4-4.2% at the end of this financial year
On Monday, United Bank of India (UBI) declared grounded Kingfisher Airlines and its chairman, Vijay Mallya, wilful defaulters for ...
The insurance coverage for commodities accounts for less than five per cent of the overall business of the non-life insurance ...
The excess liquidity in the system was there because of recent government spending which RBI has been sucking out
India Post has over 1.55 lakh post offices of which more than 1.39 lakh are in the rural areas
The select committee of Parliament on the controversial Insurance Bill held its first meeting today and decided to call ...
This provides coverage against wide range of perils for various assets of farmers and others in the agriculture production chain
With issuances of Certificates of Deposit (CDs) likely to come down, mutual fund houses might increase their investments in other ...
Rating agency CRISIL announced here on Wednesday the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s revised norms on Basel-III bonds would help ...
Fitch Ratings on Wednesday reaffirmed long- term issuer default ratings (IDRs) of nine banks, including State Bank of India ...
To provide more flexibility in structuring external commercial borrowings (ECBs), the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed ...
On a y-o-y basis for the fortnight ended Aug 22 bank credit grew by 10.94% while it was 10.61% on Dec 4, 2009
So far, more than 25 million bank accounts have been opened under the Jan Dhan Yojana and all these individuals will be eligible ...
Irda chairman comments come a day before meeting of select committee of Parliament on Insurance Laws (Amendments) Bill, 2008
Bharti AXA Life Insurance today introduced a unique traditional non-participating plan- Bharti AXA Life Elite Advantage.
The plan ...
PSU banks worst hit with average CAR falling to 10.67% as on quarter ended June vs 11.18% in March 2014
Banks are back with capital raising plans and look for an opportune time to tap the markets
Deadline for second installment of payment of corporate advance tax is Sept 15
Stricter norms by the FDA will lead to higher compliance costs for Indian companies and it will remain high over the medium term
The offer price is expected to be in the price band of Rs 612-618 a share, which works out to about Rs 400 cr
Says borrowers with a credit score of 700 and above have a higher chance of getting their loan and credit card applications ...
Thomas Cook has announced a tie up with Allpoint Network enabling its prepaid foreign currency card users surcharge free usage at ...
Such a classification carries a high cost, including closing of formal credit channels and even criminal proceedings
The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has red-flagged appointment process of some senior level officers in public sector banks ...
Kingfisher Airlines says it will contest bank's move in Supreme Court
Call option on additional tier-I (AT1) capital permissible after five year instead of 10 years
In fact, some private sector lenders have decided to skip advertising these altogether
Reliance Capital - the NBFC arm of the Anil Ambani group - will once again try its luck for a bank licence
LIC which will offer the cover holds meetings with finance ministry; decision on premium payment in next 2-3 days
Banks given 30 days to put in proper system of loan approval
The assistance will promote renewable energy generation and efficient energy use in MSMEs
Agreement was signed by SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya and JBIC Governor Hiroshi Watanabe in Tokyo
The RBI said banks can now issue additional Tier 1 capital to retail investors subject to board approval
Reserve Bank of India has now clarified that dividend being credited to the savings banks account is going to be treated  as a ...
To expedite credit decision, the Reserve Bank today asked banks to set a timeline for disposal of loan proposals but did not ...
Asks banks to maintain a monitoring mechanism to check any delays
Jeevan Shagun offers multiple benefits
Private life insurer HDFC Life announced the launch of its new health insurance product Health Assure Plan, aimed at providing a ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ban on Indian banks buying new issues of infrastructure bonds has handicapped Prime Minister ...
Allahabad Bank might need to rely on volatile high-cost bulk deposits and certificates of deposit for refinancing
Irda has said insurance companies would be required to display information about any unclaimed amount above Rs 1,000 on their ...
Currency counterfeiters appear to have started focusing more on the Rs 100 and Rs 1,000 denominations, even though the ...
Deceleration in credit growth was observed in infrastructure, basic metals, textiles, chemicals and food processing industries
LIC has been asked to submit details on structuring the Rs 30,000-life cover to be offered under the scheme
Reliance General Insurance Company Ltd has been held guilty of "unfair trade practices" by a consumer forum here which directed ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra plans to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through long-term infrastructure bonds to manage ...
With issuances of Certificates of Deposit (CDs) likely to come down, mutual fund houses might increase their investments in other ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra plans to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through long-term infrastructure bonds to manage ...
At a time when the uncertain macro-economic environment and fear of delinquencies have persuaded most lenders to decelerate the ...
Sending a strong signal to those dressing up their illicit money-pooling schemes as 'credit cooperative societies' or other ...
RBL to offer cards to individuals with no prior relationship with the bank
The Reserve Bank of India could cut policy rates by 75-100 basis points starting early 2015 even if the US Fed hikes rates next ...
Total scam in collusion with middlemen is estimated at over Rs 700 cr.
Probe is on in 10 more cases
Growth in India's gross domestic product for the June quarter of 2013-14, as well as for the entire 2014-15, was 4.7%
RBI committed to bringing down CPI-based inflation to 8% by January 2015 and 6% by January 2016
Bankers work overtime to meet 1.5 crore enrolment targe for Day One
However, in the absence of proper banking and financial services, bilateral trade and investments have taken a hit
While the banks are integrating their systems to ensure that one person does not open multiple accounts, claims processing could ...
For the month of July, the credit card outstanding was Rs 27,300 cr, showing a rise of  18%
Banks having operations in Odisha have overshot the target of 400,000 bank accounts
Banks in Tamil Nadu were able to exceed the target set for opening new accounts under the Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana
Aimed at preventing defaulters from taking fresh loans from other lenders
Modification to the ECB policy comes into force with immediate effect
Close to 29 per cent of all complaints received from customers is related to ATM, debit card and credit card payments
It is currently rebalancing its portfolio to de-risk its business and also comply with regulatory norms for the priority sector ...
VCB's deposits and advances stand at Rs 1,980 crore and Rs 1,295 crore respectively
PM Narendra Modi will launch the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana on Thursday
State-owned Exim Bank is seeking more room for leveraging to fund projects for which it had requested the Reserve Bank of India.
SBI, ICICI Bank and PNB reduce interest rate for loans above Rs 75 lakh
Awaits details of new guidelines issued by central bank last month
Under the current bancassurance norms, banks are not responsible for the policies sold as a corporate agent
The government has ordered limited forensic audit into some non-performing accounts of Kolkata-based UCO Bank to find out any ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs), which evolved as precursors of the rural thrift credit market in India, are now shifting to ...
13% of the bonds were placed in Asia; 42% in Europe, Middle East, and Africa; and 46% in the Americas
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered a case against Electrotherm (India) Ltd., an Ahmedabad based engineering ...
Retains five basis point discount for woman borrowers
The banking system must have been rocked by the Syndicate Bank fraud that was unearthed a while ago, but, Reserve Bank of India ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor R Gandhi today said "continuous vigilance and intelligence gathering" would be the ...
Reserve Bank of India Executive Director, Deepali Pant Joshi said that the financial inclusion mandates set by the government or ...
Banks are expected to open about 70,000 accounts on the first day of launch of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana by Prime Minister ...
RBI Governor
Raghuram Rajan will soon be completing his first year as RBI Governor.
He came in at a time when the rupee was ...
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan stressed on the adverse impact of schemes like farm loan waivers on the financial health of banks
'Deposits', as it is defined today, is inadequate, says R Gandhi
Cut interest rates, processing fees; offer discounts for online shoppers
The finance ministry on Monday said it was considering bifurcation of the post of chairman and managing director (CMD) in public ...
Modi told banks this would be a source of immense satisfaction for them, and that he himself would recognise the achievements of ...
India Inc raised the amount by way of both External Commercial Borrowings and Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds
The apex court will start hearing from 1 Sept to decide the fate of 218 coal blocks allotted
IDBI Bank today announced it would open two lakh basic accounts as part of the recently floated national-level financial ...
The initiative launched by the PM is a national mission on financial inclusion ensuring access to banking services to all
HDFC Bank has drawn plans to expand its footprint in the rural and semi-urban pockets of Uttar Pradesh.
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor R.
Gandhi said on Monday that the central bank is working with the finance ministry on the ...
The RBI's new diktat could extend to companies such as Google and Apple, which sell content, apps and music using the same
Estimates suggest coverage worth Rs 450 crore taken
Irda has introduced long-term motor third-party insurance policy for two-wheelers, with a three-year term
The Reserve Bank has said about 36% of the overall 4.1% bad assets in the system have been created by six sectors of the economy ...
Lauding RBI for doing a "brilliant job" with controlling inflation and stabilising the rupee, leading industrialist Anand ...
The Reserve Bank has clamped down on the entities evading the mandatory additional authentication process where payments are made ...
Likely to auction govt cash balances to manage liquidity
Charter spells out rights of customer and also responsibilities of financial service provider
Without naming a specific entity, the central bank said that it had got complaints on breaches of the law as mentioned & ...
At the start of this year, the bank has also launched Tab banking for its rural customers
Only once, on August 14, did the new bond maturing 2024 and issued on July 28 have the highest trading volumes
RBI said that online transaction must be done in Indian currency through a bank in India
Two of nine candidiaes already completed several terms in PSBs, bank says ministry guidelines only advisory and not mandatory
West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's brain child--the Safe Savings Scheme is in a limbo, as banks have backed out of the ...
Move to help curb stock market volatility due to offloading by NBFCs
Union says Rajan assures RBI will oppose legislative changes of FSLRC
Kolkata-based UBI top position vacant since Feb after Archana Bhargava resigned
The central bank also says that even at 10%, the stressed advances remain high
The focus shall also be on consolidation of public debt and reducing rollover risk through active switch/buyback operations
LIC is on board after tying up with all five insurance repositories; 1,50,000 e-Insurance Accounts opened across India till date
Entire surplus transferred to government as balances were in excess of buffer
The ministry has also asked banks to prepare a list of large borrowers
The accounts will be opened with zero balance for all category of people including those coming under below poverty line
Axis Bank-country's third largest private sector bank-has now joined the bandwagon of lenders that will be raising money via long ...
The bank will require additional capital to support its lending activity
Concerned over instances of corruption in the PSU banks, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said that government is taking steps ...
Reserve Bank of India today prescribed rules including loan to value ratio for non banking finance companies (NBFCs) to lend ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said incidents unfair practices in public sector banks were disturbing, but expressed hope ...
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Thursday that the government was working to tighten up risk management in the banking ...
Central bank recently exempted banks from maintaining CRR and SLR for funds that are raised through long-term infrastructure
An interim COO cannot happen as the law does not allow this.
The (RBI) Act has to be amended first.
There is no ambiguity on ...
Bank credit had earlier grown 11.3 per cent in the fortnight ended December 18, 2009, in the wake of the global financial crisis
The cap includes transactions such as balance enquiry and cheque book request
We will review the definition of affordable housing on a regular basis on account of inflation and other factors: R Gandhi
Amendment in Winter Session of Parliament; two models on holding company structure for banks being considered
Terms of reference will be to review current tax structure as applicable to various financial instruments issued in Indian ...
Policyholders would be given an option to check whether any amount is lying due with insurance co
The subvention rate is five per cent
The program will cover urban as well as rural areas and those who open account would get domestic debit card (Ru-pay card)
Aims to raise Rs 15,000 cr over 5 years from rupee-denominated bonds and currency swaps for projects and to develop the market
Besides the CBI probe, govt as the owner of both banks has ordered a forensic audit
PSU lenders post dismal credit offtake; Central Bank achieves 4.25%, while Indian Bank and SBI achieve 6% and 8.55% respectively
Out of 8,463 panchayats in Bihar, 5,298 are yet to be covered with banking service
Bhasin is the CMD of Indian Bank
Technology firm LinguaNext is in discussions with nationalised and private banks for deploying its solutions at ATMs (automated ...
SBI Caps readies plan, identifies 4 assets; bankers say there are enough bidders
Trend due to narrowing difference between short and long-term yields
IFC had sent a representation to Irda to permit insurers to invest in onshore rupee bonds to be issued by it
Days after the PM announced a financial inclusion package, a look at how banks and insurance firms are going about it & what ...
The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana will provide accident insurance of Rs 1 lakh to all people who open bank accounts under this ...
To begin with the bank has only tied up with Samsung for phones and consumer durable products
The NPAs have mounted to Rs 6,951 cr, about 8% of the total outstanding advances of Rs 84,157 cr, as on June 30
Sinha has written to Secretaries of Banking and Revenue Department in the Finance Ministry
LIC, ICICI Bank, PNB to have nominees on board; firm asked to sell non-core assets
Higher LAF cap, more term repos needed for stable overnight rates, they contend
IndusInd Bank, has recently launched www.themorestore.com only for its credit card and debit card holders
Current pilot includes going to smaller, specific areas such as Hill road in Bandra and Lokhandwala in the western suburb of ...
The capitalisation is healthy, with a net worth of Rs 330 crore and an overall capital adequacy ratio of 47% as on March 31
CECA review stuck on this standoff, with Delhi alleging discrimination in application of rules for banks' entry & operations
The insurer has introduced a new edition of its flagship product Heartbeat Health Insurance Plan, offering a comprehensive health ...
The banks have already covered over 95% households in rural and urban areas under the existing financial inclusion plan in Punjab ...
As many as 25 out of 30 districts have a Credit-Deposit ratio less than RBI stipulated norm of 60%
Anita Sarage, a 48 year-old employee at a large public sector bank, is already celebrating.
Sarage, who was recently given a ...
Lenders to meet today; many still to decide on SBI proposal for an entity to monitor its operations
Projections, and their boss' temper, go for a toss due to tight liquidity, volatile overnight rates
The rupee on the other hand was seen trading range-bound
Employee unions of four state-owned non-life insurers have called for a merger of all these companies and form a single general ...
Health and motor insurance, which are likely to be introduced on Insurance Repository System (IRS) by December, will drive the ...
Industry officials said while bank accounts would be opened in the first stage, insurance would come in the second phase
Till now, banks were only allowed to charge customers if they transacted at non-home bank ATMs more than five times a month.
That ...
Free usage capped at five a month
RBI board did not favour the central bank's proposal that till the time the RBI Act was amended
Deputy govenor H R Khan said RBI is in talks with market participants
ATM-enabled RuPay cards, which will come with newly opened accounts, will have an accident insurance benefit up to Rs 1 lakh
Move to help bring down bond yields, overnight rates
Banks will have to prepare list of eligible borrowers starting with loan accounts at village and branch level
Rajan pointed out that India does not have a reserve currency like the US
Applications are processed by the Cabinet secretary and placed before the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC) for its final ...
The Finance Ministry is likely to finalise by next month the roadmap for Rs 2.40 lakh crore capital raising plan of public sector ...
I was hopeful that the bankruptcy code embedded in the new Companies Act would be operational soon: Raghuram Rajan
There is a strong case for continuance of the present system of the central bank managing (government) debt: H R Khan
Govt not in favour of interim move; asks RBI to wait till Act is amended
Company intends to disinvest its entire stake in I-FIN during the current fiscal
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has tied up with leading online insurance aggregator PolicyBazaar.com
State Bank of Hyderabad has allocated Rs 10 crore towards its corporate social responsibility programmes for this financial year, ...
Transactions see 4-fold jump in a year; ICICI Bank tops Rs 1,000 crore in one month
SBI-led consortium of 17 banks had a total exposure of about Rs 6,500 cr to Kingfisher Airlines
According to survey by microfinance institution network (MFIN), published in February this year, nine out of 14 MFIs closed their ...
Products may become cheaper since prices would not be revised during entire policy term
Bhushan is already the country's most indebted steel maker with debt to equity ratio of 3.5 at the end FY14
Acknowledging that some banks are reluctant to provide farm loans, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh today said efforts ...
State-run lender IDBI Bank Ltd  said on Tuesday it is not being investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) over a ...
Practice is to give residual surplus after appropriation to Reserve Fund
Cautions when the US started raising interest rates, India would be tested
Regulatory officials say they are examining the issue of investing in tier-I capital
Analysts said the amount transferred to government will help in improving fiscal profile in current financial year
Better remuneration to distributors and policies with bigger ticket-size could boost sale
NBFCs were earlier not allowed to operate as business correspondents of banks
Says the bank would provide more information on the matter to CBI in a couple of days
"The CBI enquiry relates to the advance made in 2008-09. This was the time when Kingfisher was doing well," the CMD said
IDBI Bank has one dedicated credit processing centre in Bhubaneswar
Tata AIG General Insurance Company has launched three new health insurance products-- MediPlus, MediSenior and MediRaksha
India's largest life insurance company LIC had about 73 per cent share in the total premium collected over the last three ...
State Bank of India has been asked by a consumer forum here to pay a compensation of Rs 5,000 to one of its customers for ...
35 banks in fire-fighting mode to save Rs 40,000-cr exposure; consortium to meet soon to take call on external mgmt agency
RBI said such a measure can be initiated only after exhausting all other avenues and options to recoup the losses
He will be heading the initiative called 'Bharat Bank'
Net interest income grows 15%; states' farm loan waiver promises a worry
We are definitely looking at applying for payments bank.
It is an opportunity for us and we are visiting it: Kerry Agiasotis
Rise in yield due to a combination of factors including a cut in SLR and sticky inflation outlook
Participants believe if the impact on markets is significant, Reserve Bank might decide to stop cutting the SLR
Bank assures court it will not make any further changes till the hearing is over
Loans will be eligible for takeout financing agreement is amount is minimum Rs 1,000 cr
Trims home financing due to lower pricing, foreclosures
The assets under management of ARCs are expected to touch Rs 55,000 crore by June-end, 2015
Warning that the current build-up of financial sector imbalances may cause sudden price reversals and sharp spikes in volatility
It was important to extend a fresh line of credit so that the growers could plant these two fruits crops all over again
The RBI today said banks may refinance long term project loans with certain new riders including taking-over of a minimum of 25 ...
Optima Vital offers 100% lump-sum pay out on detection of any of the 37 critical illnesses
RBI has said ARCs would get up to 6 months to plan recoveries from the non-performing assets acquired
Want road map to convert into commercial bank
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said he believed every new buyer of bonds need not be a foreign investor
Rajan says it is an opportunistic tool that sometimes comes into play
To encourage insurance penetration in rural areas IRDA issued guidelines or utilising the CSC network in India in 2013
Bankers said fear of loan losses impairing their careers could make officers wary of sanctioning new loan proposals on their own
The bank is planning to up its FII limit in the wake of increased interest from these investors
Over  220,000 BCs had been appointed by banks after the RBI pushed this as a cost-effective way of extending banking services to ...
IEU plans to request important personalities and opinion makers to write to Finance Minister opposing this move
Pomegranate and grape crops have been affected in 13 districts and 11 districts respectively
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) inspection into the book of accounts of Syndicate Bank, which is currently underway, has ...
DBS Bank India has joined hands with Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company for distributing general insurance policies to the ...
A day after he lowered SLR, the mandatory government bond holding requirements for banks, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan ...
The Reserve Bank of India's interest rate moves will be guided more by domestic factors than external ones, Governor Raghuram ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said it has asked the Andhra Pradesh government about how a more focused assessment of crop ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday cautioned against extrapolating the issue of alleged graft charges ...
Advisory will be issued to banks to cut role of intermediaries, remain transparent
To extend banking facility to all panchayats, the state has assured that banks would be provided space in panchayat buildings and ...
The Centre's fiscal consolidation resolve led to the cut in banks' mandatory SLR for the second time in a row, RBI Governor ...
Disappointed over RBI's decision to keep interest rates unchanged, India Inc today said the central bank could have leveraged ...
The Reserve Bank today said it has initiated inspection of the book of accounts of Syndicate Bank, whose CMD S K Jain was ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday maintained its repo rate as well as CRR, but cut SLR and HTM rates by 50 bps to 22% and 24%, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its key policy repo rate unchanged on Tuesday as widely expected, but warned about ...
Improvement in these not expected for about a year more
As RBI seems unlikely to cut the repo rate issuances might continue to be slow, due to higher borrowing cost
CRISIL upgrades rating for tier II bonds to "AAA\stable"
The Bank has sought approval from its shareholders through a postal ballot to raise funds through a private placement
Citibank, the foreign lender in the country, has appointed Kartik Kaushik as the head of its consumer banking business in India, ...
Public sector lender Syndicate Bank is reworking its international banking strategy with London Branch focusing on customer ...
Srei Infrastructure Finance said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 increased by 35% from a year ...
Move comes after the country's monetary authority tightened credit norms
With added features, prices to go up by 10-20 per cent
Many procedural issues remain, apart from prior agreements with Indian partners in JVs
For whole-time directors (including CEO) no maximum age is specified and decisions have been taken on a case to case basis
The public notice was issued by deputy general manager, RBI, Ahmedabad, on August 2
The plan, likely to be launched in August 15 by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, aims to open 20 crore accounts under a mission ...
British lender Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has posted a 58% jump in pre-tax profit from its India franchise at Rs 662.11 crore ...
Aims for Rs 500 cr premium income in FY15
The Reserve Bank will continue to buy dollars to shore up the foreign exchange reserves to further buttress the nation's import ...
The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has launched a probe after it detected a unique modus operandi to launder money by ...
Amid fears of poor monsoon impacting food inflation, the Reserve Bank may opt for status quo on interest rate in its bi-monthly ...
Corporate leaders expect a small relief in interest rates in the upcoming RBI credit policy as inflationary expectations and ...
CBI says Jain enhanced credit limit to private companies, in violation of regulations; Vipul Agarwal of Prakash Industries, along ...
In Friday's auction, the central bank had switched from uniform-price method to multiple-price method
The net NPAs ratio went up to 1.88% as against 1.19% a year ago quarter
Odisha govt has extended time limit for opening of bank branches in 4,597 unbanked gram panchayats in state from three years to ...
Six public sector banks have incurred a loss of around Rs 1,900 crore up to June 2014 because of credit granted towards crop ...
Government today said non-performing assets (NPAs) of PSU banks have mounted due to economic slow down even as recovery increased ...
State Bank of India is also expected to tap the markets this year
The resistance from bank staff and employees' unions and local political interest could pose a formidable challenge
CRISIL has assigned its 'AA+/Stable' rating to the Rs 1,000-cr long-term infrastructure bonds of the Andhra Bank
The Finance Ministry has appointed SBI Capital Markets to undertake a study on mergers as well as recapitalisation of state-owned ...
RBI had stated there was no case to restructure crop loans in the state, as yields in areas declared calamity-hit pointed to a ...
The company is in the process of becoming a bank
They wrote to Muslim organisations saying that to continue providing services would be outside the bank's 'risk appetite'
The plan has new features like international cashless treatment for nine major critical illnesses, worldwide emergency medical ...
The bank had closed the first quarter (April-June) of this financial year with total assets of Rs 12,884 cr
These ATMs allow cash recycling operation where by the deposited cash can be dispensed in future transactions
Existing shareholders to get equivalent share in the proposed bank
Aggressive pricing of new 10-yr bond, better fiscal outlook, seen as likely reasons
Experts believe the money raised by the bank will be used to further grow its housing loan portfolio
The Bank plans to raise Rs 600 capital under Tier-I and Rs 500 crore under Tier-II
The govt has put consolidation of PSU banks back on the table
The bank plans to raise Rs 500 crore through a rights issue to augment Tier-I capital during the Q3
Healthy interest income helps the PSU bank beat market expectations
Union Bank of India has Non- Performing Assets (NPAs) worth about Rs 3,350 crore from 20 defaulters.
The Reserve Bank has cancelled the licenses of six Delhi-based non banking financial companies following which they would not be ...
State-owned IDBI Bank today said it is not considering any proposal to merge Kolkata-based United Bank of India with itself.
Central Bank of India has said it is in the process of selling 4% of its stake to Life Insurance Corporation through an ...
Citing the urgent need for turning the country into an export powerhouse and the prevalent practices in competing nations, the ...
These complaints relate to alleged 'selling of (life insurance) policies by making false lucrative offers'
Children's plans are offered both as traditional and unit-linked
Says there is a huge opportunity for insurers as many people are still excluded from insurance bracket
A rise in bad loans, higher provisioning and loss on sale of investments have dragged down their earnings growth
The lender is planning to issue 10-year bonds worth Rs 500 cr with an equal over-allotment option, people familiar with the ...
The banks collectively had a total exposure of around Rs 4,000 crore
The tenure of the bonds is 10 years with a call option at the end of the 10th year
The Street expects this bond would soon replace the exiting 10-year benchmark
Central bank would prefer that these bonds for infra lending attract investors from outside the banking sector
Rise in bad loans, higher provisioning and loss on sale of investments have dragged down their earnings growth
ICICI Bank is expected to raise at least 5 billion rupees ($83.24 million) via 10-year bonds intended towards infrastructure ...
Punjab National Bank today reported Q1 net profit of Rs 1,405 crore compared to Rs 1,275.3 crore in the year-ago period, an ...
The Cabinet on Thursday approved the hike in FDI cap from 26 per cent to 49 per cent through the FIPB route
RBI had said it would only allow a bank to have an NBFC as a subsidiary if it undertakes certain activities such as credit cards
Greenko, Rolta & Global Cloud Xchange lead way in tapping foreign bond market; bankers say mid-sized firms to raise $4 bn in ...
Khan said RBI is committed to provide a conducive regulatory environment to ensure hassle free financial services by financial ...
Says for the current fiscal, the bank has not taken a decision on how much to raise
Bank is currently collecting the data on loan dues and providing information to the government
Establishment of greenhouses on one acre costs Rs 35-40 lakh and banks are generally hesitant to finance such high-value farming ...
Muthoot Fincorp Ltd, the flagship company of the Muthoot Pappachan Group, today welcomed RBI's draft guidelines for licensing of ...
Credit pick-up continued to inch up for the second fortnight in a row rising 13.67 per cent to Rs 61,21,418 crore for the ...
Standard Chartered Plc dismissed media rumours that its chairman was working on a succession plan amid shareholder pressure
The overall limit for FII investment in government bonds has been kept unchanged at $30 bn
On Wednesday, YES Bank's board approved raising Rs 3,000 crore through long-term bonds.
Even Axis Bank had announced similar ...
The production package policy covers all film and set-related incidents
May scale the target to as much as Rs 600 cr
Gross NPA rose 39 bps sequentially to 3.57% on the back of continued stress in CV, construction equipment and corporate segment
The total net income rose 6.3% to Rs 1,171 cr
Kapur's counsel presented copies of the correspondence between the two institutions during 2010-13 to challenge the promoter ...
Letter to corporate affairs ministry cites slowing economy, capital challenges
A large number of applicants are already working in top positions at public and private sector banks, sources at Bandhan said
Want scheduled bank status, more light on grey areas in draft proposals before applying to convert as small banks
Due to their size, cross-jurisdictional activities, complexity, lack of substitutability and interconnectedness, such banks ...
Direct sales personnel used to bring 50-60 per cent of direct sales
Will facilitate discounting of both invoices as well as bills of exchange
However, the regulator said banks would continue to maintain a loan-to-value (LTV) ratio of 75% against the pledged gold
Mehra is currently the head of international banking for India and South East Asia at RBS
Will lead to dilution in govt's stake to around 62% from 67.4% now
On December 30, banks had restricted the loans of up to Rs 1 lakh against pledge of gold ornaments and jewellery
The number of complaints has witnessed an increase of 21% during 2013-14, says officials
The report said the credit-to-gross domestic product (GDP) ratio would be used to take decisions related to the CCCB
Jaitley said revenue targets for FY15 will be surpassed; market foresees hike in FII cap in govt bonds
Will decide following approval from shareholders, investors
The banks with the largest exposure to infrastructure and mortgage loans are ICICI, Axis and State Bank of India
It agreed to pay $2.6 bn in penalties and is the first global bank in a decade to admit to a crime in a US courtroom
Within a week of the budget, RBI issued draft guidelines for setting up small banks
and payment banks.
RBI in its guidelines said ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank today said it would raise Rs 3,000 crore via qualified institutional placement ...
Government asked Reserve Bank to discuss issue only at board meet attended by its nominees
Due to the ongoing issues in Ukraine, Israel-Palestine and Iraq, the rupee might be volatile in the coming weeks
The sale of two big sets of stressed loans, of Bharati Shipyards (Rs 8,000 crore) and Hotel Leelaventure (Rs 4,000 crore), is ...
As a debate continues on alleged black money of Indians in Swiss banks, the authorities in Switzerland have come across a ...
Confident of ICICI Bank becoming India's biggest in terms of size as well overall performance, its chief Chanda Kochhar has said ...
Finance Ministry is contemplating to tweak the Budget proposal for hiking capital gains tax to 20% for debt mutual fund investors ...
On July 2, Bandhan, the microfinance institution, which recently got an in-principal nod from the Reserve Bank of India to start ...
State Bank of India has undertaken today a campaign "home loan on wheels", with its chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya flagging ...
NBFCs are not happy with the restrictions on branch expansion in the draft norms on licensing of small banks released by the RBI ...
Payment banks are expected to offer only demand deposits - current account and savings deposit products and not fixed deposits
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) draft guidelines for licensing of small banks has failed to impress microfinance companies. ...
Trading volumes in government securities are set to get a boost with the entry of payments banks, mandated by the Reserve Bank to ...
Move comes after Reserve Bank said it would allow NBFCs, mobile phone firms and supermarket chains to operate payment banks
Premium rates in war-risk category likely to go up, say experts
Foreign exchange reserves rose by $643.2 million for the week ended July 11 to $317.04 billion, show Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Consultancy firm Deloitte today said RBI's move to allow specialised banking entities such as payment banks will go a long way in ...
Raising FDI cap in the insurance sector will spur growth in this industry, ensuring entry of more players, Insurance Regulatory ...
HDFC Property Fund, a part of financial sector conglomerate HDFC group, today announced the closure of USD 250 million ...
Draft norms set Rs 100 cr as minimum capital, allow corporates to open payment banks
The central bank conducts three term repos in July, infusing Rs 76,000 cr
The central bank had reduced the limit from $200,000 last year as the rupee weakened sharply against the dollar
Final letters issuance to be decided by regulator today, beside draft guidelines for operations
The Reserve Bank of India is working on modalities for differentiated banking licence
Domestic ratings agency Icra today said banks, especially the state-run ones, will benefit at the expense of housing finance ...
Account holders of State Bank of India will soon be able to get mobile-based, personalised information on the farm sector ...
Icra estimates bonds issuances worth Rs 3.5 lakh crore in FY15
Banks have an edge over housing finance companies (HFCs) due to access to relatively low cost funds raised through deposits
This is over and above 30% interim dividend paid by the bank to the government on January 25, 2014
The rupee did not move significantly after data showed India's exports in June rose 10.22% from a year earlier
Domestic rating agency Icra today said retail-focussed non-bank lenders have witnessed a surge in asset quality issues during the ...
With Bandhan, slated to set-up the headquarter of its proposed banking venture in the city, applications are pouring for a job in ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, today said it has introduced a convenient banking service for Indians ...
The five BRICS countries have not discussed coordinated forex intervention in global markets, but it is an idea "worth thinking ...
Banks get bonds boost to raise funds for core sector; up to Rs 50 lakh of home loans in metros and Rs 40 lakh in other cities not ...
Sandhu says proposal likely to be cleared quickly
The fair value needs to be certified by a chartered accountant or a merchant banker registered with Sebi
Interest rate on fixed deposits up to 179 days cut 50 bps
The court posted the appeal for the final hearing in January next year
Now, with the new norms in place, they might see a fall of 25-50 basis points in rates in the medium term
Ready to withdraw ongoing cases in exchange for a quick settlement
Infra companies face re-financing risks that expose them to volatility in the interest rate cycle
Sources said the bank has received around Rs 1,200 crore
Of the two bank accounts, one will have to be compulsorily opened in the name of a woman member
As new players get ready to join India's banking space, top banker Chanda Kochhar feels there is space for a few large banks and ...
State Bank of India today slashed the interest rate on short-term fixed deposits up to 179 days by 0.5 per cent, a move expected ...
City Union Bank (CUB's) Qualified Institutions Placement issue has reportedly oversubscribed by two times
Adds 0.3 million credit cards in FY14; Axis Bank follows with 0.27 million
Many insurance companies that have foreigners in top team may see management rejig
Bank not to accept deposits more than Rs 50,000 per customer; no lending activity allowed, can only invest in government ...
On the microfinance industry in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, Gandhi said he expects normalcy to return in future
New RBI rules specify upfront 25% payment, balance within 12 months
The banks need capital to support loan growth, comply with Basel-III regulations and improve their loan loss coverage
Banks will have to look to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) for improving their profitability and registering growth, even as ...
IFC holds close to 11% and Sidbi holds close to 10% stake in Bandhan
Small Industries and Development Bank of India (SIDBI) will fund to the tune of nearly Rs 1000 crore this financial year to ...
Planning to raise Rs 2,500 crore if RBI okays its plan to do so via an SPV; presses govt to waive taxes on this
State-owned Canara Bank today said it has expanded Gramodaya scheme in Delhi by bringing in more slums under the project.
As Indian banks battle a sharp rise in bad loans over the recent past, top banker Chanda Kochhar says there could be some more ...
With the budgetary proposal to hike foreign direct investment cap to 49 per cent from the existing 26 per cent in the private ...
Micro-finance institution (MFI) Bandhan which is gearing up its banking foray, has got commitment from World Bank for further ...
Top private sector lender ICICI Bank will consider listing its two insurance units to unlock value at an opportune time when it ...
Private insurer IndiaFirst Life Insurance today said it has tied up with Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank (KVGB) to offer simple ...
Keen to raise the foreign investment limit to 49% in the insurance sector, the Finance Ministry has said that it will try to push ...
State-owned life insurer LIC has shored up its stake in Infosys to 3.82%, purchasing shares worth about Rs 1,100 crore in the ...
'Making this scheme available in all bank branches is key'
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's FY15 Budget isn't spectacular.
But then, a six-week-old government's first budget isn't expected ...
The new facility will be removed if loans turn NPA; project appraisal to be made more stringent to ensure banks don't go
Emerges as the most profitable foreign lender in India, posts 6% increase in profit to Rs 2,893 cr in FY14
Will require financial incentives for intermediaries, say life insurers
The Union Budget has estimated the new investment requirement at Rs 240,000 crore in PSBs till March 2019
The central bank bought dollars worth $52.39 billion while sold $43.40 billion in 2013-14
Meets old demand; SBI says it welcomes time-bound consolidation with other lenders
Traders have already started trimming their portfolio and selling pressure is seen continuing even next week
The NBFC got a new banking licence early this year is in transition
Slow economic growth, muted business confidence and an uncertain macro economic environment appear to have squeezed the ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) net dollar-buying declined in May compared to the previous month as the central bank continued ...
Market uneasy at absence of fresh capital infusion; happier at moves on autonomy, NPAs
Funding of infra sector exempted from CRR, SLR and priority sector lending norms
But moving ahead with FSLRC suggestions could be a bone of contention
Sector will be able to raise Rs 8,000 cr if Insurance Bill passed
Says the Budget lays foundation for the beginning of a journey towards a sustained growth of 7-8%
It is encouraging to see the FM sticking to his predecessor's FY15 fiscal deficit target of 4.1%. But it is not clear how this ...
The FM has accepted the limitations being faced by the economy and decided to go about fixing it over time.
The increase in plan ...
Says FM deserves compliments for increasing FDI limits in insurance sector
The Central Board of the Reserve Bank of India today met here with its Governor Raghuram G Rajan presiding over it.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget Speech today said that the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) cap will be raised to 49% ...
Banks say these will help channelise savings of retail investors to productive resources, rather than these flowing into ...
Monetary Policy- Easing expected to happen later this financial year
Estimates suggest that there is 20-25% rise in the business from the NRI segment, even though it contributes a small percentage ...
NPAs- PSBs helped by a mandate from the govt to take on defaulters and a new regime for stressed assets
Appointment of DG in RBI has to be taken by ACC but RBI can decide on a COO
Bank's Net Interest Income stands at Rs 800 cr for quarter under review
Issuing senior long-term bonds may help public sector banks correct their asset liability mismatches and also improve liquidity ...
Govt is using Census 2011 as basis for charting out its financial inclusion plan
Brokerage houses believe like in earlier quarters, private banks will be on a much better footing than their public sector ...
Discounts, loadings more than 30% of premium in group have to be refiled
Farmers will be denied fresh credit if their existing loans remain categorised as the overdues
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today revised the file and use norms in the group and immediate annuity ...
Proposal caps voting rights at 26% and insists on local CEO and majority Indian directors
Monday saw rupee's biggest single-day fall in nearly three weeks
In the past 18 months, 21 firms announced 36 deals to divest assets and sell equity to strategic partners, to raise a total of Rs ...
Says any acquisition target will need to be of a relevant size
The government plans to increase foreign direct investment in the insurance sector to 49 per cent with a rider that voting right ...
The increase in the online transaction had promptedbanks to give the customers more options to transact via the online ...
Hectic trading continues in the shares of South Indian Bank [SIB] as a follow on of last week and the price peaked to an all time ...
FSLRC has recommended a unified regulator for the financial sector, while creating another layer of oversight in the form of FSAT
South Indian Bank's strong regional presence and good technology network are said to have attracted Mohnish Pabrai
The bank already has branches in the US, Singapore, Hong Kong, Bahrain, Sri Lanka, Dubai and Qatar among others
State-run lender Dena Bank has sought Rs 1,200 crore capital infusion from government in the current fiscal, a top bank official ...
"IFC already holds 11% stake in Bandhan.
They are interested in further financial participation," Bandhan
chairman said
Used commercial vehicle financier Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC) is betting big on the mining sector to boost the ...
Non-life insurers have sent a proposal to the ministry to consider a model of TP covers with fixed limits
The product will safeguard the financial assets of banks and prevent accounts from becoming non-performing assets
Use analytics and persistency management systems to boost renewals
In January, PFRDA had said all existing private NPS fund managers and new players would have to take part in a re-application ...
The amount is 20% of the purchase price that another JM group firm has paid for a 97% stake in the hotel
For a year now, YES Bank's proposal to induct three of its senior management executives into the board of directors is pending ...
Till now, RBI only grants full banking licence which are given within a particular time frame
Kaushal has taken charge from 1st July 2014 onwards
Says the move is aimed at generating additional revenues on its funds
Bankers want 5 years to open branches
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will issue the guidelines that will be used to grant on-tap and differentiated banking licenses ...
RBI said funding of ODIs through external commercial borrowings would continue with the limit of 400% of net worth
This is being done for meeting the dollar requirements of state-run OMCs as well as for building up its reserves
On July 1, 2011, Khan was appointed deputy governor for a term of three years, which was to expire on Thursday
At Rs 5.55 cr, his salary is 2nd only to that of HDFC Bank's Aditya Puri
The gross NPAs of the bank stood at 4.95% at the end of March 2014, up from 4.75% a year ago
Barclays Bank recorded a 141% growth in India's operating profit for the financial year 2013-14 at Rs 835.74 crore.
CARE Ratings has placed rating for Dhanlaxmi Bank's tier II bonds under "credit watch" after private sector lender reported loss ...
State-run Indian Bank has revised the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (banking) deposits with immediate effect.
The government has extended Reserve Bank of India deputy governor HR Khan's tenure by another two years.
Issue arrangers do not see this as a big drop as they are betting on the second half of 2014
The Governor spoke after meeting Queen Maxima of Netherlands, who is the UN Secretary General's Special Advocate for Inclusive ...
Rating agency says regime will need drastic changes in Indian laws and regulations
However, premiums continue to be soft
The PSU bank has registered a year-on-year growth of 21% in priority sector advances
For providing banking services in all the 4597 unbanked gram panchayats (GPs) of the state, the state level banker's committee ...
The reduction is effected on six slabs of different maturity period starting from 46 days to 1 year in respect of deposits of Rs ...
Standard Chartered Bank today announced that it has entered into a strategic bancassurance partnership with ICICI Prudential Life ...
The ministry has already discussed the issue with some large banks to figure their preparedness
Minimum capital requirement to set up a full-fledged bank is Rs 500 cr
In order to stay relevant to young consumers, SBI has decided to go digital in a big way in the coming days
The State Bank of India (SBI) on Tuesday said it does not have a magic wand to deal with non-performing assets (NPAs), which rose ...
Parent infuses Rs 130 cr in FY14
Exemption limit for individuals under 80C is expected to be hiked by the govt from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh
Share will get a funding of nearly Rs 112 cr, while Asmita will get Rs 140 cr by end of this month
Even as the uncertainty over charging users for ATM transactions continues, nation's largest lender State Bank of India today ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya today said she does not have a magic wand to deal with bad loans, ...
Share of short-term debt to total debt declined to 20.3% from 23.6% in 2012-13
Central bank plans to appoint COO with dy governor rank
If a borrower is proven to be a wilful defaulter, he will find it difficult to get loans from any bank
First issue is to hit the market on coming Wednesday, where company plans to raise Rs 500 cr, with an option to retain ...
Naidu appealed to the bankers to reschedule the farm loans even though the RBI had not yet accepted its request
Bank aims to provide loans to the farmers in buying and securing equipments
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has quietly switched to using an electronic bond trading platform to manage cash levels in the ...
UAE tops list of countries with highest rate of fraud overall; followed by China, India & the US
The Indian Banks' Association (IBA) has suggested levying a fee on cash withdrawals from ATMs in cities by customers of other ...
National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC) has sought to dispel lenders' perception that MSEs are a "high risk" area, quoting ...
Private sector general insurers gained their combined market share to 44 per cent in FY14 despite the depressed economic ...
Public sector United India Insurance company has emerged winner for implementing the Tamil Nadu Government's ambitious health ...
Officials say CSCs have not yet begun to sell policies since companies are still in talks on how to use this network
With gold imports having pressured the current account gap in the recent past, there is a greater need to make use of gold ...
Faced with high loan defaults, banks say they are still wary of lending to the industry
Non Convertible Debentures (NCDs) have recently become the preferred route of investment for multilateral agency International ...
Notified amount for auction was Rs 15,000 crore, devolvement to the extent of Rs 961.50 cr in the 8.27% 2020 paper
Madhu Kapur has challenged the appointment of directors and the reappointment of Rana Kapoor as managing director and chief ...
Entities now required to match lowest bid; letters to be issued soon
Expects stake sale to go through by September
US-based Principal Financial Group has acquired 4.03 per cent of Vijaya Bank's stake in Principal PNB Mutual Fund.
The Group has ...
Criminal charges to be pressed if borrower is found diverting funds to create personal wealth
After this, banks can continue to furnish data with regard to wilful defaulters to credit information firms on a monthly or a ...
Representatives of the trade unions of public sector bank employees on Friday met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and sought his ...
Indian Overseas Bank has received shareholders' approval to raise capital up to Rs 1,200 crore by way of Qualified Institutional ...
Small Industries and Development Bank of India (SIDBI) is planning to mop up about Rs 18,000 crore from the market through ...
IFCI seems to be on drive to liquidate non-core investments to unlock value in assets
The Reserve Bank of India will be open on July 1, during its annual closing of accounts, to facilitate settlement of market and ...
Reserve Bank of India will start its real time gross settlement operation from 1200 hours.
But says supply-side concerns need to be addressed; bank capital also a challenge
RBI says concerns remain over liquidity, profitability of banks
The move is not very positive for the bond market as yields will rise due to banks selling illiquid securities
The central bank says such lending should be under a prudential framework, closely aligned with that for banks
Global reinsurer Swiss Re's sigma study on world insurance in 2013 said India stood 15 with respect to premium volume
ARCs have also raised their acquisition price to 60-plus per cent of book value, compared with 25 per cent historically
The move is aimed at reducing pressure from big-ticket bad loans on the lenders' balance sheets
This will give infrastructure firms more leeway on the financing front
In India, shadow banking entities essentially refer to the large number of unregulated companies that act as financial ...
Plan to ask government to extend the last date for crop insurance
Ishaat Hussain, a Director at Tata AIG General Insurance has been appointed as the Chairman of the Company, with effect from June ...
On year-on-year basis, both credit and deposit rise 14%
Falls from 14 position in 2013; insurance penetration falls to 3.9%
PFs, insurance companies keen on parking funds
R Chandrasekaran, Secretary General, General Insurance Council calls for mandatory public liability policy for public places
Bank has installed on-site ATMs in most of branches, intends to open 200 e-lobbies across India in addition to Cash Management ...
IndusInd Bank has opened its third Currency Chest in the country, in Chennai.
The Bank has drawn up a plan for setting up a ...
Bank deposits grew at 13.91 per cent year-on-year to Rs 79,00,894 crore as of June 13, similar to credit growth, according to RBI ...
The compulsory third party (tp) motor cover will only have a limited liability, with an option to have covers for additional ...
Uniform NPA classification proposed; Kingfisher, Winsome Diamonds among top 3 in finance ministry's top-50 defaulters list
Removes norm for attaching outlet to branch for oversight
Kolkata-based bank closed last financial year with total advances of Rs 67,982cr
Company launches claim guarantee scheme for customers
Supersedes board of directors at the mumbai based co-operative bank
The high court on Tuesday directed YES Bank to give it a video recording of the bank's AGM held on June 14 by Wednesday morning. ...
UPA-led govt proposed lenders as insurance brokers; new FM not too keen, say insurers
The RBI has also fixed timelines for in-principle approval to banks for IPOs, preferential issue of capital and QIP (30 days) and ...
Data show FIIs invested Rs 20,225 cr in May in debt papers, highest in calendar year 2014
Outperform state-run rivals in managing credit quality risks
DBS entered India in 1994 and set up its first branch a year later
Earlier today, FM said the govt will write to Switzerland seeking details of Indians with unaccounted money in Swiss banks
The amount involved in sick MSE units as on March 31, 2014 is 3.09 per cent of total MSE credit, as against 2.49 per cent as on ...
IFMR Capital, the Chennai based non-banking finance company (NBFC), today announced India's first collateralised bond obligation ...
Rush to offload bad loans indicates a revival in asset-sale market
FinMin plans tougher targets for bad loans, Casa and others in performance-linked pay for senior management
The Reserve Bank of India has appointed an administrator to run Mumbai-based urban cooperative lender, Kapol Cooperative Bank. ...
The non-life insurers have raised a demand for raising the limit of income tax rebate under section 80D for providing health
Company firms up a 5-year business plan; at present AUMs are Rs 6,245 cr, up from Rs 4,823 cr in March 2013
State-owned UCO Bank today said it has sought capital support worth Rs 1,000 crore from the government for the current fiscal to ...
Ahead of the Budget, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has taken up with the government taxation issues for the ...
Armed with powers given through an ordinance to take on investment frauds, Sebi chairman U K Sinha today said he hopes it would ...
And, 3 years for EDs, beside changes in selection criteria for boards; proposals discussed with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
At present IFCI holds 8.4% stake in NSE
The Reserve Bank has relaxed norms for banks' proprietary positions
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is set to present the Budget next month
Private life insurance company Exide Life Insurance is betting big on the long tenure products in its product portfolio
The ratio is one of the highest in the country; total credit up by 13.5%
As per data, corporates raised a mere Rs 9,070 cr in May compared with Rs 33,758.64 cr in the same month a year ago
Insurance companies said that customer interest to buy products would be accentuated by tax incentives
Tax sops unlikely for the sector in coming Budget
Move has led to a deceleration in customer addition, with its client base remaining more or less same at one million
The pilot launch will be for duration of two months with effect from July 1, 2014
The Technology Development Bank would provide seed fund to budding entrepreneurs to float companies in and around Hyderabad
IFMR Investment Managers Private Limited is promoted by IFMR Trust, which is part of the Institute for Financial Management and ...
The industry-wide bipartite wage settlement negotiations held in a meeting on June 13 has turned futile for the bank employees, ...
Replacement may not be permitted, unless if it is in interest of policyholder
The US bank came ahead of Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Citi, by sector analytics firm
Banks have achieved 30% growth in credit disbursal under agriculture sector at Rs 45,753 cr
State-run banks may continue to see stress on the asset quality and their gross non-performing assets are likely to be in the ...
The quantum of bad loans for the public sector banks may rise again in the first half of this financial year, rating agency Icra ...
India's power sector will continue to be a source of asset quality risk for banks if the poor financial profiles of state ...
Private life insurer SBI Life Insurance has filed a special leave petition in the Supreme Court in response to the Allahabad High ...
HDFC Life Insurance has launched a Unit Linked Insurance Plan (Ulip) that is available only online, called Click2Invest
United Bank of India (UBI), which scripted a turnaround by returning to profitability in January-March quarter, plans to raise up ...
Focuses on high yielding segments in rural areas
Reserve Bank chief says country better prepared to fight external shocks
Fresh hiring might slow as banks likely to focus on improving efficiencies
RBI had said the priority sector lending requirement for foreign banks would be 40%, like their Indian counterparts
It opposed to such packages by AP, Telangana govt expressing fear that the move would create "ill will" in the community
Country's second largest state-run lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said interest rates are unlikely to come down in next ...
Banks have so far disbursed over Rs 4,000 crore interest-free loans of the total Rs 6,600 crore approved by the government to ...
SKS Microfinance Limited, the only listed microfinance company in the country stated that its credit rating for bank borrowings ...
The use of Internet has improved the overall banking services in India, but, it has also led to a heightened activity by cyber ...
Focus to be on unbanked areas; initial capital set at Rs 100 cr; India Post can apply
Banks have already classified REI Agro as Special Mention Account
To promote better liquidity risk management, RBI has encouraged lenders to adopt a ratio higher than the minimum mandated level
Development comes in the context of Nachiket Mor Committee & Others
NPS is the contributory pension scheme launched by the Union government in January 2004
Efforts to deal with reported NPAs might mean the peak in stressed assets could be lower than the previous estimate of 15% by
Company posted a profit of Rs 39.62 crore in FY 13-14 against a loss of Rs 19.70 crore last fiscal
The regulator said that participants can undertake different types of plain vanilla FRAs/IRS
To facilitate access to finance and credit for SMEs, the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) on Monday set up an Online ...
The Reserve Bank of India's recent guidelines on liquidity risk management is credit positive for banks, says a report.
The rupee would weaken further this week and could breach the 60-a-dollar mark.The currency fell to a one month low on Friday on ...
Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB), incorporated under the Companies Act last fiscal to extend banking services especially to women, is ...
A strong government at the Centre and stability in macro economic factors are likely to keep rating outlook of the country's ...
IDFC, which recently bagged a commercial banking licence, plans to start bank operations by October next year
TheReserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to offer banking licences 'on tap' after itrevises and issues guidelines on setting up banks ...
The bank will focus on providing finance to retail, SME and mid-corporate sectors
Bank says her intent mala fide; resolutions likely to be passed, but will be challenged in court
Of this, it is expected that Rs 40,000-50,000 cr will be put into the equities market
On Friday RBI conducted a 14-day term repo and infused Rs 61,003 crore
FM might next month launch mobile banking services for people not using smartphones, the move aims at pushing financial inclusion ...
Norms on payment banks soon, says Khan; no raising of FII cap on G-secs
Currently, Rana Kapoor holds 11.87% stake in YES Bank, while Madhu Kapur and her company own 10.37%
Bankers and industry experts believe that this will not only bring migrant workers but also students and people with a ...
Duration cut in long-term funds is the reason but insurers cash-in via Ulip funds
RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan on Thursday said chasing growth with a pressure cooker-like work culture might put private banks in ...
Indian Overseas Bank has asked the Centre around Rs 3,500 crore to meet the Tier I capital under Basel III norms in 2014-15.
The Reserve Bank of India will come out with a payment bank soon, Deputy Governor H.
R.
Khan said on Thursday.
The LCR norms are to ensure banks have enough short-term liquidity to survive any stress-like scenario arising in the following ...
The Nobel laureate recommended granting MFIs special micro-credit banking licences to accept deposits
Employees unions of public sector banks are scheduled to meet Indian Banks' Association (IBA) on Friday to discuss the issue of ...
Lenders express concern on rising bad loans and recovery; demand 100% tax deduction on bad debt
Though not openly, especially on taking away state control of operations; also point to acute need for more capital, quality of ...
Allows the bank to approve loans up to Rs 200 cr
Sales affected due to lack of new products, says MD
With the inauguration of New York branch, the Bank now has presence in 8 countries
Compulsory for all life insurers and Insurance Repositories to participate in Pilot launch
The lender is giving credit at 8% interest to those engaged in traditional handicrafts
Concerned over rising bad loans, heads of banks and financial institutions today suggested creation of National Asset Management ...
Union Bank, Andhra Bank, YES Bank launch cash transfer
Unless regulatory arbitrage was reduced, there would be a tendency to avail of gaps, adding not being able to address this issue ...
Mandate 60% liquidity coverage ratio from Jan 1, 2015; 100% by 2019
At present, central govt, state govts and sponsor banks like SBI and PNB provide capital
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday simplified know-your-customer (KYC) norms for opening bank accounts.
This has come as a ...
While industry officials want cloud servers, Irda may not allow due to fears of data breach/leak
The Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India (ECGC) will provide a direct factoring facility for micro, small and medium ...
In major relief to migrant workers who faces roadblocks while opening a bank account due to lack of proof of local address, the ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank plans to raise equity capital upto Rs 4,000 crore to shore up capital adequacy ratio and ability ...
The bank has unveiled prototype branches in Tumkur, Bangalore
With addition of over 10,000 jobs last fiscal, ICICI Bank has overtaken rival HDFC Bank as the biggest employer in the private ...
Non-life insurers earned gross premium of Rs 77,541.50 crore in March 2014, up 12.2 per cent from a year ago, as per data ...
Say waiver will vitiate the loan recovery environment
One senior public banker said before going full steam, a few cases should be entrusted with the ARC.
Learning from this can help ...
In the earlier bidding process that took place last week, sources said Reliance MF had emerged the lowest bidder at one paisa for ...
Most insurers have a basic training course for new agents in the system to acclimatise them with the industry practices and its ...
The government plans to convert a $46 million investment in United Bank of India (UBI) into equity to bolster capital buffers at ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed registered Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), Qualified Foreign Investors (QFIs) ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the shares of an Indian company held by the non-resident investor can be pledged in favour ...
Finance ministry considers tax sops, regulation of hospitals to make health care affordablee
Also, renewals of such products have dropped significantly in the past few months
MetLife International and PNB are majority shareholders in the company, with 26% and 30% stake, respectively
Writes to shareholders highlighting its performance, governance practices
RBI focuses on term repo
FSDC is chaired by the finance minister and the members are the financial sector regulators, including RBI and Sebi
Cuts deposit rate to -0.10%; seeks to force bank lending in the region
The Bank of England (BoE) stuck to its plan to nurse the economy back to full health with record low interest rates on Thursday, ...
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) today said that it has received in-principle approval from the Reserve Bank to open ...
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) today said it has received in-principle approval from the Reserve Bank of India ...
Urges them to vote against majority of resolutions at AGM
Rupee ended higher on Wednesday on foreign fund inflows into debt and equity, though a sharper rise was capped by heavy dollar ...
Bank has unveiled prototype branches in Tumkur, Bangalore
Individual banks will be asked to submit an action plan for opening of branches in a time bound period
The banks in India have been increasingly offering online platform to its customer for their convenience, but it has also ...
State Bank of Travancore has revised interest rates on FCNR term deposits with effect from June 1.
Unit-linked insurance products (Ulips) that have a component of equity investment as an element are seeing an increase in ...
RBI has partially rolled back the capital controls it imposed last year after the rupee's rapid depreciation
RBI, however, clarified no such leeway would be available for capital requirements related to unhedged foreign currency exposures
Bandhan MFI, which got a banking license from the RBI in April, plans to list on the stock exchanges after three years of ...
To compensate for the reduction in liquidity under the scheme, it introduced a special term repo facility of 0.25 % of NDTL
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan kept key policy repo rate unchanged at 8% on Tuesday, as widely expected.
The ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan is expected to keep the country's key lending rate unchanged and temper his tough ...
The country's largest lender has 190 offices abroad
Bankers demand hike in interchange fee
With intention to fight sticky inflation, RBI on Friday announced for first time a term reverse repo auction
Public sector Indian Bank has revised its foreign currency non resident (banking) deposit interest rates with immediate effect.
Finance Ministry is contemplating raising FDI cap in insurance sector from 26 per cent to 49 per cent with some riders like ...
Offering enables the customers to do a video conference with the bank staff
BoI, Canara, BoB among those whose credit growth was much more than banking sector as a whole
NPA rate in the state is the highest in case of agriculture term loans at 15.05%
Premium income of non-life insurers grew by 6.73 per cent to Rs 8,421.45 crore in April this year, according to data of insurance ...
This will help the bank comply with the RBI diktat of reducing the promoter holding to 40% by September
Reasons being inflation is still high and there is threat of monsoon being weak this time
Conducts credit review to free up more capital
The gross NPAs of the domestic banking system was 4.4% of gross advances, he said
Non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks in Odisha has climbed to 7.69 per cent by the end of March 2014 mainly due to high ...
Even as the lender dismissed news of hiding bad loans, it admits a large account came under pressure in April
The bonds maturing in May 2019 were priced at 5-year US treasury plus 185 basis points.
The bank issued 5.35 cr shares at Rs 550 per share which was at a premium to Thursday's close of Rs 548.15
The total orderbook of the Offering was in excess of $3 billion and was oversubscribed 8 times
However, 89% of the respondents believe health insurance is a necessity for tobacco users given the increasing hospitalisation ...
Public sector lender Canara Bank is targetting an aggregate business of Rs 8.50 lakh crore this fiscal with plans to add 1,250 ...
Micro finance industry's gross loan portfolio (GLP) registered a growth of 35 per cent to Rs 27,931 crore in FY'2013-14 ended ...
Within days of it being told to cut promoter holding, private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said a promoter group ...
Yes Bank Ltd has raised $500 million in a share sale to institutional investors, two bankers involved in the deal said, the first ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan today said he expected to join hands with the country's new government to ...
Those travelling abroad may be allowed to spend $200,000 a year again
Gives 15 days to respond; SBI thinks of similar actions
Mumbai, 29 MayPrivate sector lender YES Bank is set to raise $500 million by issuing fresh shares to a cluster of investors.
This ...
HDFC Bank also discontinued cash-back services earned on platinum debit cards on categories such as fuel, jewellery, etc
Fin Min says rise in NPA in public sector banks is due to aggressive lending in a slowing economy
Banks had lent a total of Rs 1,37,176.59 cr to agriculture sector in state out of which residual AP accounts for Rs 87,612.25 cr
Andhra Bank has been serving as the convenor bank in the undivided AP
Axis Bank expects deposit growth in the range of 14-15% and credit growth between 15-16% in this financial year
In a step to help public sector banks to recover bad loans, the Finance Ministry has asked the I-T Department to share details of ...
International rating agency Moody's has warned that implementation of the bank resolution regime as proposed by the high-level ...
Insurers said that they are moving away from bancassurance due to it reaching a saturation point
To get fresh dose capital to grow business
This is a means to manage unclaimed deposits
It's observed that a few UCBs have been sanctioning high-value loans to PSUs by admitting them as nominal members or otherwise
New Silk Route backed company focuses on affordable housing
Amidst uncertainties over the HDFC Bank FDI proposal, the private sector bank managing director Aditya Puri today said the ...
Out of annual credit plan of Rs 34,271 cr fixed, the actual credit flow was only Rs 20,955 cr
In view of the mounting bad loans of banks, Ficci has suggested setting up of a National Asset Management Company (NAMCO) to take ...
Taking forward its deal to acquire the assets of Morgan Stanley Mutual Fund in India, HDFC Mutual Fund has begun the process of ...
Life insurers including state-run behemoth LIC are finding themselves in a tricky situation over a new regulatory requirement of ...
UCBs are meant to provide loans and advances to small borrowers, agriculture and small businesses, said the central bank
A white-label ATM is similar to a normal bank ATM but is not owned by a bank, instead by a private ATM service provider
Extending losses for the third day, the rupee on Tuesday fell 33 paise - its biggest drop in over two months - to end at 59.04 ...
FIMBank plans to increase the scope of its business in India
Icra said around 40% of the amount raised would be in Tier-II capital bonds, while the remaining would be in additional Tier-I ...
Deutsche Bank AG, Europe's biggest investment bank, plans to expand in fixed-income trading in Europe and the U S as the ...
May become first private insurer to expand overseas
They will transfer such amounts to Depositor Education and Awareness Fund (Fund) on June 30, 2014
Currently, 39.76% is directly owned by Uday Kotak, vice-chairman and managing director
Avanse said it planned to reach out to 2,500 students pan-India this year as against 600 it catered to last year
The combined entity has deployed Rs 2,400 cr over the last three months
Private life insurer Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has been rated AAA for its ability to settle claims and financial strength by ...
The bank is actively looking to shed its lazy, localised, old generation profile
Rather than restricting banking correspondent as a tellar for banks, it should be deployed as a feasible instrument for ...
RBI's prior approval will not be required if a NBFC is acquiring less than 10% of another entity
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that all non-banking finance companies (NBFC) will need the regulator's prior approval ...
India Post was one among the 25 unsuccessful contenders for new bank licences
Home grown private lenders lining up offers to woo their customers with priority and privilege banking options
RBI-appointed panel has recommended that promoters be allowed to hold 25% stake in private sector banks as against the present ...
Private life insurer HDFC Life is preparing for its international foray after it got permission to set up a  subsidiary in the ...
Higher provisioning drags net profit down by 7.8% to Rs 3,040.74 crore
Plans on merger of associate banks on back burner, says chairperson
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) will take  a call on increasing foreign investment in HDFC Bank.The proposal to ...
That's biggest weekly drop for 10-year benchmark bond since five days ended Nov 29
Says a great deal of effort and alertness required  to curb nefarious activities including terror funding
Petitioners include Deccan Chronicle Holdings & Marg Ltd
State Bank of India today reporter Q4 net profit of Rs 3,041 crore compared to Rs 3299 crore in the year-ago period.
Since April 30 spreads have shrunk by 10-100 basis points for various five years papers
FinMin plans multi-pronged strategy to crack down on non-performing assets
While use-and-file would mean quick approvals, insurers fear that there would be no scope for introducing their distinct products
PSB executives said write-off indicates cancellation from an account of a bad debt or worthless asset
While CSB plans to raise about Rs 300 cr from fresh share issue, RBL Bank may raise Rs 800 cr from IPO
Exporters can now get long-term loans for up to 10 years as opposed to 1 year earlier
The operations of the bank, which is saddled with huge bad loans, showed signs of stablisation in the last quarter of 2013-14
An April 2009 circular by RBI had advised banks to provide ramps in all existing and future ATMs
Dashes near-term policy easing hopes
Fund raising plans comes on the backdrop of 13-14% overall growth target
All new ATMs to be installed by commercial banks from July 2014 onwards would provide audible instructions and Braille keypads to ...
The banking system in Punjab has achieved all the National Goals in the fiscal year 2013-14 in respect of Priority Sector, ...
SKS Trust has sold 8% stake in SKS Microfinance in a block deal.
The Patel committee had suggested inflation targeting should be RBI's singular mandate and the central bank be accountable for ...
Says PSB autonomy from govt would help, needed, thinks aloud on partial banks, financial inclusion
Banks to be accountable for mis-selling
Move to help funding infra projects; Limit on giving partial credit enhancement will be set at whichever is lower between two
A meeting to take the views of the industry department, finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on raising the ...
It will be worth Rs 400 cr; floor price fixed at Rs 235.06/share
European Union antitrust regulators charged HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole on Tuesday with rigging financial benchmarks ...
State govt has decided to regulate functioning of non-banking financial companies and chit funds
Interest on loans up to Rs 75 lakh now on a par with SBI; new rates valid till June 30
Looks to divest a part of its stake in general insurance venture
Experts believe that bank's decision to raise fresh capital augurs well for bank as it is in growth phase right now
In the wake of rising pressure from stressed assets, consolidating their operations and getting their houses in order have become ...
In the 2014-15 interim Budget, gross market borrowings for this financial year were pegged at Rs 5.97 lakh cr
SBI, however, plans to set up a holding company for the purpose of raising capital
The bank decided to clear air on the issue since it was widely believed that it was promoted by Sahara
The recommendations by a Reserve Bank committee to improve corporate governance structures at public sector banks are ...
The rupee could continue to appreciate this week after a historic win for the Bharatiya Janata Party in the general elections. ...
State-run Dena Bank is targeting a 20 per cent growth in post-tax profit this fiscal, over the Rs 551.6 crore in the previous ...
Bank deposits grew 14.8 per cent year-on-year to Rs 78,88,416 crore as of May 2, faster than credit growth, according to the RBI ...
The lender would be charging Rs 99 plus service tax on any catalogue based redemptions
The Zurich-based bank would pay about $1.7 bn to the Justice Department, at least $600 mn to the New York Department of Financial ...
Earnings from fees and commission, trading profit, etc, act as saviours
PDs underwrite and participate in auctions of government securities and Treasury bill
Now PFRDA will have to evaluate HDFC Life's bid along with other pension funds for the re-application process for NPS licences
State banks plan to tap capital markets for billions of dollars after a new government takes office, executives and bankers say, ...
Chennai, 15 MayLakshmi Vilas Bank has reported a growth of 23 per cent in net profit at Rs 21.03 crore, during the quarter ended ...
The former Axis bank and Morgan Stanley India head says one of the main focus of the report was to level the playing field for ...
The Indian banking sector is witnessing a sudden wave of interest from private equity (PE) investors.
The past two months have ...
Cautious lending, lower LTV have reduced asset quality risks, bankers claim
SHARE, Asmitha and Spandana get central bank nod for additional capitalisation till FY16
Govt stake could be lowered to 50% if recommendation accepted
AIBEA on warpath against advise to "privatise" public sector banks
United Bank of India (UBI) today said it has filed a winding up petition against REI Agro for failing to repay Rs 224 crore loans ...
If there is one point that comes out clearly from PJ Nayak's panel report on public sector banks, it is about taking the ...
HCBL Cooperative Bank today sought to clarify that neither Sahara Group was its promoter nor had any management control over it
A Reserve Bank committee has come out against the central bank's insistence on new lenders listing in three years, saying the ...
Deloitte would work with a core internal team of 30 members at Bandhan to prepare the blueprint over the next 18 months
RBL Bank, previously known as Ratnakar Bank, today said it has appointed Rama Bijapurkar as an independent director on its board
Requests RBI not to allow selection of chairman and MD without co-promoters' joint nomination; YES Bank dismisses allegations
SKS Trust not to insist on inducting Akula on the micro-lender's board
For private banks, committee suggests 25% promoter stake
Public sector lender reported flat growth (1.3%) in net profit for Fy14 at Rs 4,541 cr as against Rs 4,480 cr for FY13
The panel also asked for establishment of 'fully empowered' bank boards
Indian Bank is expected to raise $350 million through Medium Term Note (MTN) and another Rs 1,200 crore for capital requirment
India has seen an improvement in state-run banks' bad loans in the last quarter, a senior finance ministry official said on ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram has asked state-run insurers to increase their market share and stressed the need to enhance ...
Finance Minister P.
Chidambaram will hold a meeting with the Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) of Public Sector Banks (PSBs) and ...
The Street had factored in the NDA win, owing to which the appreciation in the rupee is expected to be limited
The Reserve Bank of India said these products could only be sold in established financial markets
Eyes Rs 12,00,000 cr business by March 2015
Average cost of savings account deposit higher than maximum interest rate offered these banks on such deposit
Stressed the need to enhance insurance penetration to attain global levels in a reasonable time frame
NPA levels report increase
The capital adequacy ratio of the bank under Basel-III stood at 11.64 per cent with Tier-I capital at 8.14 per cent
The review will cover overall credit growth, with particular reference to agricultural credit, MSME credit, housing loan, etc
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) believes that corporates should voluntarily access the bond market for meeting their financial ...
Piramal has invested around Rs 2,800 cr into the Rs 60,000 cr Shriram Group
Bharatiya Mahila Bank has said it is well-capitalised and does not require to raise funds at present.
	Finance Minister P ...
Health insurance, which has an almost 23% market share in the general insurance space, has seen the increased claims ratio touch ...
This will be the last performance review of PSBs under Congress-led the United Progressive alliance II government
The facility will be available for ECB raised both under the automatic and approval routes
Board of directors had earlier approved bank's proposal to raise up to $2 bn through MTN in overseas market
As economy grows, banking sector will grow 2.5 times country's GDP growth rate, says ICICI Bank MD
Former Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor, K C Chakrabarty today said rise in Non Performing Assets (NPA) or bad loan in the ...
Tells RBI this is not the time to consider such a foray, especially given the lack of funds to spare for such a venture
Public sector banks are once again lining up QIP issues to strengthen their capital base and finance business growth
Banks, however, can fix limits in terms of the minimum age
Earlier this week RBI allowed minors above 10 years to operate savings a/c independently, but left it to banks to fix age and ...
This is first time banking regulator considering such an exercise, a departure from present practice granting only universal bank ...
Status quo on licences to remain; PFRDA may not issue letters tomorrow as earlier stated
To focus on health and corporate insurance
Strong re-branding exercise and an expected turnaround in the economy are spurring the company's aims
The life insurance industry has seen a 11.5% rise in new premiums for FY14.
Life insurers collected total premiums of Rs 119,641 ...
RBI on Tuesday issued guidelines allowing minors over 10 years to operate bank savings accounts independently
On-tap licensing means that the RBI window for granting banking licences will be open through the year
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has launched a non-linked immediate annuity plan called Pension Guarantee.
Apart from providing a ...
Apart from streamlining loan processing, most public sector banks charge lower interest rate, an aspect which seems to be game ...
Reserve Bank clarified that its directive regarding ban on prepayment penalty on floating rate loans is applicable for individual ...
Bonds will be raised for an amount upto Rs 75 cr with an option to retain oversubscription upto Rs 75 cr aggregative to Rs 150 cr
Move comes a day after RBI asks banks to allow minors to open bank accounts
KVGB is meant to cater to the needs of MSMEs, analyse their problems, help them face challenges and solve their issues
Within a day of Reserve Bank of India?s (RBI) guidelines on opening of bank accounts by minors aged 10 and above, the ...
Indian insurance companies are expected to spend Rs 11,700 crore on IT products and services in 2014, about 5 per cent higher ...
Providing relief to borrowers, Reserve Bank today directed banks not to levy any penalty on individual borrowers for pre-paying ...
Indian insurance companies are on pace to spend Rs 410 crore only on mobile devices in 2014, up 35%
Banks however can fix limits in terms of age and amount up to which minors may be allowed to operate the deposit accounts ...
Big-wigs of Indian politics appear to have full faith in good old state-run insurer LIC when it comes to taking insurance cover ...
FinMin also likely to push them to tap the marketg
Top management got involved in this as sole priority, used all measures available under the rules
AIBEA also demanded the government release the list of major loan defaulters and make recovery norms stringent
Equity investment in these arms falls to 7% of its net worth from 11% in four years
Wants to discuss key issues pertaining to banking sector such as asset quality, recovery of loans, credit growth and priority ...
RBI also bars penalty on inoperative a/c for non-maintenance of minimum balance
New rule clashes with finance ministry, RBI diktat on investments in non-core businesses
For operative accounts, customers of ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank are charged Rs 750 per quarter if they don't maintain a minimum ...
Minors above 10 years of age can open and operate independently savings bank account and use other facilities like ATM and cheque ...
With these launches, ICICI Bank now offers three-tiered savings accounts for NRIs
Reserve Bank will shortly issue banknotes of Rs 1000 denomination in the Mahatma Gandhi series-2005 bearing the signature of ...
Bad loans worth Rs 204,000 crore were written off during last 13 year period
Current rules governing investments by PFs bar them from making deposits with commercial banks when net NPAs are more than 2% of ...
Branch additions, digital push, customer retention help drive Casa
Companies filed products in March since 'five products a year' proposal implemented from April
The central bank governor was appointed based on his reputation: Chidambaram
Yield ends at seven-week low tracking gains in rupee
In January this year, RBI had eased the norms to extend loans against gold jewellery
In 2013-14, Exide Life Insurance doubled its profits to Rs 53 cr driven by growth in renewal premiums and improvements in ...
Plans to open 1,245 new branches to achieve 6,000 mark
The insurance regulator has said that where an insurer adopts the trade logo of any of its promoting partners, there shall be a ...
However, during the week, dollar flows into domestic markets from FIIs and sale of dollars by firms might help the rupee gain
Bank to augment non-interest and fee-based income, increase share of CASA deposits, improve interest spread and monitor ...
Late last year HDFC Bank had approached the FIPB for increasing the foreign holding in the bank to 67.55% from 49%.
Expressing concerns over the deteriorating asset quality of banks, industry body CII has suggested a 5-point action plan to deal ...
The four PSUs accounted for about 56% of the total premium collected by 28 general insurance companies in March
The Finance Ministry has asked public sector banks to step up efforts for mobilising low-cost CASA deposits and focus on recovery ...
Banks say they want to gauge market conditions as well as investor appetite post-elections before raising funds through the QIP ...
With the recent change, even a transfer less than 5% of the paid-up capital would require the authority's nod
To integrate operations of capital market subsidiaries
Former chairperson will no longer be treated as promoter by microfinance firm
The US Federal Reserve announced a further reduction of its economic stimulus efforts late on Wednesday
General insurers end FY14 with 12% premium growth; first quarter motor premiums to be muted
The Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC)'s group has proposed a single independent financial resolution authority ...
Trend Micro survey reveals that 15 bank related mobile apps and 39 online payment gateways stand the risk of being exposed to ...
The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is probing whether a number of hedge funds many have acted improperly when they ...
The All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) has strongly opposed the move by State Bank of India (SBI) to hand over regular ...
India's largest microfinance institution, Bandhan, will simultaneously open nearly 700 bank branches, spread over 22 states, to ...
Bank credit to industry grew 13.1% to Rs 25.23 lakh crore in March, 2014, slower than than in the year ago month, as demand from ...
The insurance regulator today said that even a minor change in shareholding pattern (wherein the paid-up equity holding of the ...
The Bombay High Court has adjourned the hearing on the case between Madhu Kapur and YES Bank until June 19, 2014.
The case will ...
All India Bank Employees Association [AIBEA] has strongly opposed SBI move to hand over regular banking services to Reliance ...
Growth in credit card and personal loan picks up steam, says report
They also have better credit quality than corporate bonds
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will have to buy forex reserves to the tune of $80 billion by March 2016 if it were to at least ...
Earlier, PFRDA had disqualified HDFC Life from re-selection of NPS managers for the private sector
Infrastructure financing firm IFCI has reduced its benchmark lending rate by 0.5 percentage points to 12.20 per cent with effect ...
Companies have  been advised to follow the code of conduct prescribed by the ASCI
It said that will help improve the risk profile of the country's fourth largest private sector lender
They fear if corporate houses adhere to this, it will lead to asset-liability mismatches
Earlier, Madhu had claimed her right as co-promoter of the bank was violated, as she was not consulted before appointment of ...
Specific to body's demand is implementation of regulated working hours and five-day-a-week working schedule
Central bank might also add three more executive directors
At a meeting last week, the YES Bank board had maintained its stance of not considering Madhu Kapur as co-promoter
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) is likely to reject HDFC Bank's proposal to allow further foreign holdings as it ...
With comfortable FX reserves now, and the need to avoid volatility in segment flows, logic in postponing the idea
Company plans to raise Rs 3,800 crore through different modes
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to conduct term repo auctions worth Rs 75,000 crore on Friday
Begins work with infra project promoters to sell assets
Bank arguing that banking not a family business and 'financial family successors' do not automatically become part of promoter ...
Canara Bank received Rs 500 crore from the government recently
Company issued 11.2 mn policies in FY 2014, a growth of 21.7% over last year's 9.2 mn policies
The net profit for the fourth quarter is Rs 48.58 cr, as against Rs 165.98 cr of the corresponding period last year
Telangana contributes Rs 90,000 cr and Seemandhra Rs 25,000 cr to the annual business of State Bank of Hyderabad
As part of the strategy to contain bad debts, the Finance Ministry has directed all public sector banks to accord top priority to ...
Even as the public sector banks have made a beeline to dispose of their bad loans to the asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) in ...
Insurance sector regulator Irda is seeking an information technology consultant to help it to streamline processes and lower the ...
For year ended March 31, 2014, the bank earned a total income of Rs.10,558.49 crore
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank reported healthy loan growth and asset quality
Re-allocates dy governor Chakrabarty's portfolios who retired today
RBI has been placing the main points of discussions of the meetings of TAC on monetary policy in the public domain with a lag of ...
After a decade low growth in profit by HDFC Bank, its main competitor ICICI Bank has also disappointed with a lower than expected ...
India has taken steps to clamp down on the growing trend among banks to convert rupee exposure into overseas debt in a move ...
Outgoing Reserve Bank Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty today termed his stint at the central bank as "very satisfactory," but said ...
IndusInd Bank is currently in the process of allocating capital for the asset reconstruction business
Madhu Kapur likely to challenge the new appointments, say sources
At the all-India level, New India Assurance Company was first crossing the Rs 14,300-crore mark in premium income
The money will also be used to finance the lender's network expansion
The new norms will be effective from accounting year 2014-15
The bank had proposed to increase its FII limit to 67.55% from about 51% at present
YES Bank promoters held 25.55-per cent stake in the bank at the end of March, 2014
The system will provide accessible services across all parts of the country through a strong network of operational units/agents ...
The bank had targeted to provide the crop loan Rs 7,000-cr during 2013-14 which included Rs 3,500-cr each for Kharif and Rabi ...
Official says bank not in immediate need of funds as corporate credit demand continues to remain tepid
The touched a high of 8.9% with the weighted average rate at 8.45%
Of the 369 million debit and credit cards in the country, 10-15 per cent are used only for online transactions, the Reserve Bank ...
Conscious decision to prioritise bottom line over turnover
RTGS, NEFT fall under Public Key Infrastructure
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has barred companies from repaying domestic loans through funds raised through external ...
SBI had mopped $1.25 billion in overseas debt sale through a dual tranche bond programme
Says will be able to maintain NIM at around 3%
The SFC said in a statement RBS failed to detect and prevent unauthorised trades in its emerging markets rates business in the ...
Private general insurer Bajaj Allianz General Insurance has launched a health insurance plan called the Surgical Protection Plan ...
The Reserve Bank of India is discussing ways to ensure an orderly rollout of its unpopular proposal to price state government ...
Buying a cheaper pure term policy or renewing a motor insurance policy may not be the only reason to go online.
Insurance ...
The bank has reached its 74% FII holding cap if parent HDFC's shareholding is considered
But only when liquidity deficit becomes structural
India's central bank might have found it difficult to stem the rupee's sharp depreciation during the currency crisis of 2013 by ...
Those who were young, had high income, were highly educated and internet-savvy displayed higher confidence on family protection ...
Several aspirants not getting RBI nod is being seen as a sort of closure to current round of debate over corporate groups being ...
French banking major BNP Paribas is keen to push growth of its asset management business in India, which it sees as one of the ...
It said 40 per cent of India's population falls into the financially-excluded category, and highlighted not so encouraging ...
Valuation issues couldn't be bridged even after 13 months; mutual decision to cancel the idea
He will be taking over charge as director, Centre for Advanced Financial Research and Learning from today
As part of its CSR initiative, Federal Bank plans to help less privileged schools to set up computer labs at their premises
Non-compete clauses are common in merger & acquisitions (M&As) where the sellers agree not to launch business in the same ...
HDFC Bank has created a new Guiness World Record
The panel had suggested a new banking structure to foster financial inclusion
High operating and credit costs to hit bottom line, says India Ratings
Bond buying will continue this week, too, particularly from insurance companies
The Indian Banks' Association (IBA) is reconsidering a long-standing demand from employee unions to keep bank branches open for ...
Regulator said it was required to review the extant guidelines on F&U requirements for general insurance products
Private sector general insurer Liberty Videocon General Insurance aims to achieve gross written premium of Rs 250 crore in the ...
The rally in the government bond prices seen last may not sustain due to the continuous supply of debt every week and the caution ...
Insurance sector regulator Irda has formed a working group to review 'File & Use' (F&U) guidelines to ensure availability ...
Focus was back into the group policies in the life insurance segment, while traditional life products were showing good  traction ...
Agency would partner with organisations through its Bima Bemisaal campaign to drive home the importance of insurance among the ...
Transactions at these branches have doubled in the last six months
Bandhan has about 5.4 mn clients and its operations are spread across 22 states
If the new government takes concrete steps, it would provide room for RBI to cut rates in the future, say experts
Data by Irda showed that the life insurance sector saw a 6.3% drop in new business premiums for the FY13
The bank has offloaded its stake in IFFSL to parent promoter FIM Bank Malta last month
Following steps taken by the central bank in September last year to boost inflows in the wake to a depreciating rupee
Offer fully subscribed; yields soften
Three partners to have equal stakes in Shriram Capital in future; TPG would have exited had it not been for rupee depreciation
NBFCs are, however, yet to raise the matter with the ministry in a formal manner
Soon after partnering with hair and beauty salon Naturals, to offer loans to women entrepreneurs to become franchisee of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday fully sold the 200 billion rupees ($3.31 billion) worth of bonds on offer at its biggest ...
Since taking the helm of the Reserve Bank of India, Raghuram Rajan's agenda to reform markets has put the noses of Mumbai bond ...
Asks FIMMDA and FEDAI to administer financial benchmarks
To reduce time taken for product approvals, Irda has asked life insurers to submit a 'product planner' before the beginning of ...
The currency ended at 60.39, compared with the previous close of 60.23
Omani lender said the unit had two branches and gross assets worth Rs 350 cr ($58.1 mn) at the end of 2013
Court made this suggestion to facilitate affected farmers to avail of government monetary relief
Former Fed chief backs Rajan on inflation-targeting
Lender taking external help for study, with aim to optimise network and review location potentials, performance parameters
To attract traders even cash settlement has been permitted in IRFs by the regulator
Asset quality of banks is likely to remain weak through the next year
The Bangalore Circle of State Bank of India (SBI), has crossed Rs 14,800 crore in home loans for 2013-14, showing a growth of 20% ...
Public sector bank Indian Bank is selling properties of Zenith Computers as the latter has defaulted on its loans.
Declines to share his views on whether RBI should allow industrial houses to set up banks in India
SBI offloads Rs 3,500-crore NPAs to asset reconstruction companies
Attracted by rise in yields since beginning of FY15
About 110,000 policies are digitised but many customers are not aware of this process
Goldman persuaded the Needmor Fund - which had sponsored a lobbying-disclosure proposal on the investment bank's proxy in 2013 - ...
First-quarter adjusted net income rose to $4.15 billion, or $1.30 a share, from $4 billion, or $1.29 a share a year earlier, the ...
Also plans to guarantee bonds issued by some Indian companies
As domestic interest rates are likely to remain elevated for some more time, corporates and banks are hitting the international ...
Faced with unprecedented levels of stressed assets, banks led by the country's largest lender SBI sold over Rs 10,000 crore of ...
The Finance Ministry is contemplating giving a fixed tenure to chairmen and managing directors of state-owned banks in order to ...
Nearly 65 per cent of the people who have health insurance are covered by private players but state-owned firms outperform them ...
According to MFIs operating in rural areas, private banks have been charging interest rates of 24-26 per cent on a reducing ...
Foreign investors appear not to be enthused with prevailing positive sentiments for the state-owned banks.
At a time when most ...
Says there's awful lot of consultation, in response to RBI governor's suggestion on greater global coordination
IDBI Bank reportedly in discussion with bankers for floating one; BoB needs funds for foreign exchange requirements and
Rs 25 lakh fine imposed due to service agreements entered with various entities engaged for providing services of lead generation ...
Money flow into NRI deposits moderates further
The 8.83% 2023 bond ended at 8.94%, compared with its previous close of nine per cent
All life insurance companies may be required to offer insurance policies in a digitised  format from July onwards.
Rally won't sustain because of credit quality pressure and moderate loan growth
Spread charged to an existing customer cannot be hiked except due to deterioration in credit risk profile
The governor also questioned the extreme monetary easing adopted by some developed countries, with repercussions on emerging ...
Plans to open three branches in next few months
Might be hit on securities in AFS portfolio in first quarter of the current fiscal
Special-situation funds have $3-5 billion to buy bad loans and restructured assets from Indian banks, but often, they cannot do ...
The floating rate loan covenant may have interest rate reset periodicity and the resets may be done on those dates only
IndiaFirst Life Insurance saw a 28 per cent rise in new premium for FY 2013-14. The company's gross new business premium grew ...
The Reserve Bank of India has asked banks with offices abroad to formulate a policy for overseas real-estate transactions.
	The ...
RBLBank, formerly known as Ratnakar Bank, today said it has raised Rs 328 crorefrom a group of global investors.
The capital ...
Asset quality pressure continues; equity market run-up might result in treasury gains
A forensic audit will help the lenders get a clearer picture about the firms and reduce chances of any 'package failure' in CDR
Trust deficit may force industry to take cautious approach
ublicsector banks' may see their bottomline coming under pressure for yet anotherquarter due to higher provision towards stressed ...
Digitisation of insurance policies may take some more time to take off on a large scale, with customers not too eager to convert ...
More than one foreign lender seem game for the central bank's idea
Says this position doesn't enjoy absolute powers as is being claimed by some international experts
Digitisation of insurance policies may take some more time to take off a large scale, with customers not being too eager to ...
Says interest on card balance should not be levied till next bill
In the last few days rates of CDs & CPs eased and, in a few tenures have even fallen below 9% from levels above 10% in March
Asks these to deduct investments in group companies from capital
Raghuram Rajan had stated that the central bank will follow an 'on-tap' policy, implying that more and more licences will be ...
Government bonds fell for a fourth straight session on Monday, hitting their lowest level in four months as investors continued ...
The lender has received the RBI's nod to commence operation in the country
Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS), Rothschild and Zaoui & Co are among banks that may split as much as $100 million in fees for ...
Barclays settled the first UK civil lawsuit filed over allegations the bank manipulated Libor, weeks before the trial was ...
One of the aspirants for banking licence said they would meet RBI officials very soon and pursue their case for licence
Private life insurer AEGON Religare Life Insurance (ARLI) has launched an online game, 'Kochadaiiyaan's Reign of Arrows', based ...
10-year bond yield could rise to 9.25 per cent
Says capital adequacy ratio is about 21%
SBI General Insurance hopes to maintain its growth momentum of recent years and has set a 60 per cent target in premium growth in ...
India's largest banker SBI is selling off its non-performing assets (NPA) of around Rs 3,500 -4,000 crore for the financial year ...
RBI's  lowering of borrowing limit must have led to the decision
It had been reported that IDFC would reduce its exposure to the infrastructure sector over the next 18 months as it enters ...
The Health Insurance TPA of India was incorporated in August 2013 to handle health insurance claims of state-owned insurers
Hopes soar on currency gaining more if Modi becomes PM
Governor says some entities that didn't make it to the final list could be allowed to re-apply
Broken into stages; existing shareholders will directly own shares in the new bank as well as through parent firm; impact on ...
They dropped 24% to Rs 2.76 lakh crore
Reserve Bank of India was selling four government securities for a notified amount of Rs 16,000 cr
The Consumer Price index (CPI)-based REER is the most-frequently used indicator of competitiveness across nations
It wants to take its loan portfolio to Rs 11,000 cr
After launching accounts on Facebook and Youtube, the country's largest lender SBI today took one more step on the social media ...
First Leasing Company of India Ltd, which has been looking for an entrepreneur to take over the management of the crisis-ridden ...
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said it is shameful that so many people in India don't have access to banking, and ...
Satin Creditcare Network Limited (SCNL), a microfinance institution, has announced the successful completion of its recent round ...
The HDFC Bank will open 20 new branches in Chhattisgarh to take its total network to 70 branches in the state
India's credit card base may have topped 20 million in the just concluded 2013-14 (April-March) financial year - its highest ...
Strongly disapproving requests for "regulatory forbearance" in cases of asset quality stress made by lenders and corporates, ...
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today defended handing out just two licences out of the 25 banking applicants saying the ...
Bandhan has a strong presence in India's under-banked eastern and northeastern regions
UBI reported a net loss of Rs 1,238 cr for the quarter ended December, compared to Rs 42.2 cr of profit during the corresponding ...
Apart from banking operations and development, R Gandhi will be in-charge of non-banking supervision, urban banks, expenditure ...
In a letter to the NHB, the housing finance firms pointed out that in the absence of a level-playing field in the market, large ...
IDFC Ltd, which received an in-principle licence to start a bank, will see a big hit on its profitability in the medium term due ...
The World Bank investment arm is likely to pump in more money for expansion plans
The emergence of new banking players with the approval for new banking licences on Wednesday has spurred a "once in a lifetime" ...
The credit growth of the banking system grew 14.31 per cent year-on-year in the fortnight ended March 21, show Reserve Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will conduct a 13-day term repo variable rate auction for a notified amount of Rs 60,000 crore on ...
Share prices of applicants crash as much as 10 per cent
Gandhi was Executive Director of the Reserve Bank before being elevated to the post of Deputy Governor
If Bandhan turns into a bank, it will set the precedence of having a majority of staffs as class 12 passouts
State-owned Punjab National Bank today said it has raised Rs 500 crore from bonds to fund the business growth plans.
	"Bank has ...
Armed with an 'in-principle' banking licence from RBI, city-based micro-finance(MF) institution Bandhan Financial Services would ...
RBI ignores corporate houses, will consider India Post's application after consultation with govt
RBI advised banks disbursing GML to carry out independent credit appraisal of borrower and not rely solely on stand-by LC/BG ...
Contrary to the finance ministry's initial idea that some large industrial houses could be given bank licences, the Reserve Bank ...
Irda asked all stakeholders to provide their views on the draft by April 15
The immediate tasks will be to create a non-operative financial holding company, build a core banking software platform and ...
After two years of intense rating downgrades, rating agencies CRISIL and Icra expect a gradual improvement in corporate credit ...
Gains might take a while to show up in the balance sheet, believe experts
Much of Bandhan's success is due to its low-cost structure
The advantage of such loans for borrowers would be higher loan-to-value or long-term fixed interest rate loans
The Birlas are investing $100 million in the financial services business in fiscal beginning April 1
Head hunters say the focus for existing banks would be on retaining key talent
Former FM (now President) Pranab Mukherjee first proposed the entry of new players in the banking sector during his Union Budget ...
The government has nominated Gurdial Singh Sandhu, financialservices secretary in the board of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in ...
The partially convertible rupee ends at 59.90/91 a dollar
Under the scheme, women borrowers will get an additional 0.05 per cent concession on card rates
Shares of non-banking finance companies like IDFC and LIC Housing Finance have shot up after the Election Commission cleared ...
The 30-year home loan product will be offered to customers with family income of Rs 8,000-10,000 per month and above
The RBI is expected to announce the new licensees shortly
Projects 8% consumer price index-based inflation by Jan 2015, 6% by Jan 2016
May increase costs for customers, say bankers
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) on Tuesday said it expected the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to maintain a tight monetary stance ...
RBI's plans to devise the framework for on-tap licensing as well as differentiated bank licences is a step in the right direction
By moving markets from the overnight segment to the term repo segment, data points for the term money curve will be available
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will not issue certificates for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) until an appropriate ...
The bank has set a target of Rs 83,000 crore total business comprising of Rs 48,000 crore deposits and Rs 35,000 crore of ...
Stating that issues at United Bank of India (UBI), which is struggling with a high level of asset stress, are due to poor ...
Sending a strong signal that large foreign banks will have to operate as wholly-owned units for better regulatory control, ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) plans to raise Rs 425 crore through a Rights Issue to augment its equity capital.
The board of ...
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said it is open to the merger of banks and wants them to decide where more value can ...
EMIs for housing and car loans are likely to remain unchanged after the Reserve Bank today maintained the status quo on the key ...
The practice of "window dressing" by state-run banks towards the end of every financial year to meet performance objectives came ...
Affirming that the grant of new bank licences is a regulatory process and not political, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said ...
Raghuram Rajan says bank licences is an economic and regulatory process and is to be seen as distant and different from politics
Indian companies say the Reserve Bank of India action on keeping the interest rates unchanged is on the expected lines and CEOs ...
Blueprint for sweeping reforms suggests govt, RBI nominees be withdrawn from the boards of public sector banks
Several Swiss, British and US banks face investigation by competition commission
No rules on incentives for distributors or sale guidelines for bank branches
Says curbs on gold imports may be further relaxed in light of fall in current account deficit
According to general insurance company executives, even though the overall motor cover prices might go up, it will not be able to ...
With the slowdown in large corporate loan disbursement many lenders are now betting big on the SME segment
May set up branches in Dubai, London
In her first public speech since becoming Fed chair two months ago, Yellen cited the struggles of three American workers in ...
IFMR Capital, an NBFC, operates in over 345 districts across 24 states in India
Experts interviewed CMDs of nine public sector banks on Friday and Kamath is believed to be in the reckoning
The rupee is expected to appreciate further from the current levels, while government bond yields might drop.
The movement of the ...
Many analysts are of the view that domestic corporates hitting the overseas debt market will taper off as interest rate benefits
Private lender Federal Bank may explore the possibility of entering into credit card business in 2015-16 as part of its ...
Given the low investor appetite and complex structure of the Basel III-compliant tier 1 bonds, banks are wary of issuing such ...
Corporation Bank's bonds have lost AAA status on continuous weakening of the financial risk profile of the public sector lender
RBI adds $5 bn to forex kitty since mid-March; rupee breaches 60-a-dollar mark but analysts say central bank will cap further ...
External debt rose 5.2% at Dec-end from $402.8 bn at the end of March 2013
This is 61.6 per cent of the full-year target, Economic Affairs Secretary Arvind Mayaram says
While Irda has limited motor TP premium hike to 9-20%, motor own damage premiums may rise by 30-40%
Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan expressed concern about the growing non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks, ...
Reserve Bank of India has treated Public Sector Banks with kid gloves over the past few months.
In its latest move, the central ...
Fears of a possible El Nino threat to monsoon is likely to turn general insurers cautious in risk-taking, especially in the crop ...
The Reserve Bank decision to defer the implementation of Basel III capital regulations by a year to March 2019 will give relief ...
The deferral of deadline for banks to comply with Basel III guidelines to March 2019 (from March 2018 earlier), does not solve ...
Private car premia up 20%, for two-wheelers rise 9-10%
RBI tightens norms for non-equity capital raising
Credit to industry increased by 13.2 per cent in February as compared with the increase of 17.4 per cent in February 2013
Election Commission would take a view on issue of grant of new bank licences by RBI on March 31
The RBI's suspected intervention in the forex market by way of dollar purchasing also weakened the rupee
Kerala-based Federal Bank and US' Royal Exchange have entered into the first remittance arrangement for making speedier rupee ...
Hyderabad-based financial services company ZenMoney has entered the insurance broking service business under ZenMoney Insurance ...
Reuters Market Eye - Shares in state-run banks including top lender State Bank of India (SBI) and Bank of Baroda (BOB)  closed ...
SreiInfrastructure Finance today said it has been permitted by the Reserve Bank ofIndia (RBI) to set up at least 9,000 white ...
Jifi is a zero interest current account with no minimum balance conditions, and can be opened with an initial payment of Rs 5,000
The facility of electronic transactions would, however, continue till midnight on March 31
Subscription for the Inflation Indexed National Savings Securities- Cumulative will close on March 31
Panel discussing either to defer issue till general elections are over or give it a go-ahead with some conditions
With the MFIs realigning their fund allocations, South Asia, the traditional microfinance hub, is facing challenge from Africa ...
Micro-lender firms up plan to raise Rs 400 crore via qualified institutional placement
NeoGrowth Credit extends short term working capital and inventory loans to small merchants in India against future credit and ...
Standalone health insurer Cigna TTK Health Insurance today launched a health insurance product 'ProHealth' with an add-on ...
Could ask RBI to tell prospective licensees not to advertise in newspapers or make political donations
Life insurance giant will be putting in Rs 282 crore as part of the capital raising programme, while GIC will invest Rs 84 crore
The committee comprises RBI governor, the Union govt's secretaries for financial services and personnel & training, and two ...
According to PFRDA, as on December 31, NPS had 5.85 million subscribers with an AUM of Rs 42,204.6 crore
The RBI looks set to keep the key interest rates on hold in next week's policy meeting
They can also transfer sums from a foreign currency account to an SNRR account at the prevailing market rate
India Inc has been demanding a rate cut to spur investment and promote growth
The Reserve Bank today met a select group of public sector and foreign banks ahead of the forthcoming bi-monthly policy meet ...
DCB Bank said its information security management system (ISMS) has been certified against ISO 27001:2005 standard
This is the 21st branch of the bank.
BMB is attempting to set up 80 branches across India by March 2015
On Friday, RBI infused Rs 40,000 crore through a 14-day term repo variable rate auction and will infuse Rs 20,000 crore through a ...
Kolkata/Mumbai, 24 MarchIn a setback to YES Bank, the Bombay High Court on Monday admitted a plea of Madhu Kapur, widow of YES ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has raised $500 million through dollar-denominated Regulation S (Reg S) bonds for a ...
The state-run bank on Monday launched 'instant money transfer' service, which allows card-less cash withdrawal from select ATMs
Premium that has been collected in advance can only be adjusted on the due-date of premium
Experts cite easing of inflation as reason
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked insurance companies to pay Rs 20 lakh each to the Common Services ...
A consumer court in Chennai has directed Axis Bank to pay a compensation of Rs 5 lakh to Dipika Pallikal, squash champion and ...
Bharatiya Mahila Bank, the first women's bank in India and a wholly-owned government institution, today opened a branch here, its ...
Bank employees have demanded that loan defaulters should not be allowed to contest Lok Sabha elections
All India Bank Employees Association (AIBU) has asked the Election Commission not to give any permission to the Reserve Bank of ...
Govt asks six public sector banks to take urgent steps to cut slippages
Central bank says move would help detect identity theft at an early stage
Institution to financially aid budding entrepreneurs within the community
The rupee is expected to appreciate this week, amid dollar flows into the domestic market.
And government bond yields are seen ...
There has been a huge rise in the number of people under 30 years of age seeking credit in the last five years, according to ...
The Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB) -- India's first all-women bank -- will open three more branches in three capital cities of the ...
Ahead of the annual credit policy, Yes Bank managing director Rana Kapoor has pitched for a 0.5 per cent cut in interest rate by ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) may raise capital through rights issue next fiscal to enhance its capital base.
	"Next ...
The government has set hospital rates for a large number of treatments.
Existing ailments are covered from day one and there is ...
These banks wrote off Rs 19,505 crore non-performing assets in the third quarter of 2013-14
Bharatiya Mahila Bank Limited (BMB), India's first women's bank launched by the government four months ago, is considering to ...
The committee has said retail inflation should be the anchor measure for the central bank, instead of wholesale inflation
He said he had communicated to RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan about his plans well in advance
Foreign exchange reserves rose by $ 1.84 billion for the week ending March 14 to $ 297.29 billion
The guidelines will be effective from April 1
Aggregate gross loan portfolio of the industry jumped 29% to Rs 23,998 crore as of the Dec quarter
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a monetary penalty of Rs  5 lakh on Amreli Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd in Amreli ...
The direction was given by a bench who asked IRDA to file its response on this aspect within four weeks
Thanking Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty for his services to the central bank, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said an ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has undertaken a study on the premium collected by insurers on ...
United Bank posted a net loss of Rs 1,238 cr in the three months to December, during which its gross NPAs surged to Rs 8,546 cr ...
A section of the media today reported, quoting an unnamed EC official, that it may not allow RBI to go ahead with the plan before ...
In the use-and-file regime, an insurer doesn't have to file a product with Irda; it has to adhere to the standardised norms and ...
Suggests them to create credit database on loans below Rs 5 cr
The breakthrough ends an impasse with the European Parliament, which persuaded Euro zone countries to strengthen the scheme
In a letter to RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, Chakrabarty cited personal reasons behind his decision to quit ahead of schedule
The company is a joint- venture between Tata Sons and AIA International
Country's largest lender SBI reportedly planning to sell close to Rs 5,000 cr NPAs before end of current financial year
ROUND TABLE: Insurance industry leaders talk about mis-selling, the banks-as-brokers model and whether the perception about the ...
Says If there is competition, gold will be imported at a lower cost
The National Housing Bank (NHB), which regulates pure-play home financiers, today said it will be raising USD 200 million from ...
The insurance regulator in the country is looking at options to curb the discount offers provided by the insurance firms to group ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has announced a host of liquidity boosting measures
After getting RBI proposal for two licences, EC to seek clarity; decision likely by month-end
Among the four such posts, one becomes vacant in June with K C Chakrabarty's retirement
While asset sales to asset reconstruction firms were encouraged, RBI laid out norms to ensure transparency in such transactions
During the fortnight, credit grew 1.29 per cent, while deposits rose 1.15 per cent
Some policyholders have received calls from people claiming to be from Irda, offering lucrative incentives
RBI said some of the systems, including ATMs, may still be working on Windows XP, banks are advised to take immediate stepsThe ...
The banking aspirant plans to grow its loan book to Rs 10,000 crore in three years
Fed Rise is an overdraft facility against recurring deposits
Also plans to add six more branches by March end
The premium income of non-life insurance companies, including that of four public sector entities, grew 5 per cent in February to ...
Only 4-5 applicants could make the cut; India Post has little chance
Dedicated personnel would be appointed who will take care of all queries arising during an online purchase
The study said traditional ways of selling insurance were becoming less sustainable
AjayBagga, managing director and head of private wealth management business ofDeutsche Bank in India, has resigned from his post, ...
Insurance industry executives said the internet channel had also seen a change with respect to the product proposition and sale
Bank cuts base rate by 25 bps a month
The share of low-cost current account savings account (CASA) deposits has improved for most private lenders
Experts say many sold US debt and bought Indian paper due to the narrowing spread between retail inflation in the two countries
State-owned United Bank of India today slashed base rate or minimum lending rate by 0.25 per cent.
The study was conducted jointly by BCG and Google India
With m-commerce picking up, insurance companies too are coming out with mobile applications offering customers the comfort of ...
Though state chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has a long pending demand to revise National Agriculture Insurance Scheme ...
The move comes ahead of the tighter provisioning norms kicking in from next April
The Commonwealth Games held in 2010 were insured for Rs 200 cr
As on date, it has has 1,382 branches in the state and by the end of this fiscal, this would touch 1,400
The country's sole reinsurer General Insurance Corporation (GIC) hopes to clock double-digit growth in the current financial year ...
The banks are accused of colluding to suppress interest rates
IBA wants to charge for using other-bank ATMs in metros
Govt-run general insurer bets big on retail business
Sources said the postal department had requested the finance ministry to allot funds of Rs 623 cr to finance the proposed banking ...
The IBA says banks are losing Rs 400 crore a month because of the excess security requirements at 1.4 lakh ATMs
The decision needs to be taken on  third-party motor insurance segment to curb mounting losses from the segment
With the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) finalising the guidelines for web aggregators operating in the ...
It is only a matter of days before the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announces its shortlist of new bank licensees.
India Post, ...
Around 60-66% of gross market borrowing by govt expected by September
Claims in 2013 for kidney ailments increased by 46% over 2012
Study further said that 41% of private banks customers transact with more than one bank, versus 24% of PSU bank customers
Lenders tie up with institutes to train industry-ready candidates
Private life insurer SBI Life Insurance plans to appeal to the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) against the ...
Central bank will pursue policy of enhancing foreign investment in domestic financial markets in a gradual manner
Mumbai, 12 MarchThe Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered two preliminary inquiries against private general ...
Private general insurer Bharti AXA General Insurance will gradually reduce its dependence on motor insurance segment and will ...
At a time when Kolkata based PSU bank United Bank of India is in the middle of a crisis, it has found support from the trade ...
Private general insurer Bharti Axa General Insurance will gradually reduce its dependence on motor insurance segment and will ...
12 Mar:SKS Microfinance Limited, the only listed micro finance institution (MFI) in the country, on Wednesday announced the ninth ...
However, analysts say it might move up to the 59-mark soon
There has been a higher growth in medical inflation related to reimbursement cases in the non-life industry
The lender's branches, rather than the top management, to set targets as deemed achievable by it
Will also monitor bulk deposits
The benefits of electronic auctions of banks' non-performing asset (NPA) properties have spread to tier-II and tier-III cities.
In December, the central bank purchased a net $3.48 billion, down from $10.08 billion in November
There is a one-time joining fee of Rs 2.5 lakh and the annual fee is Rs 2 lakh
The premium income of Indian general insurance industry, dominated by public sector entities, grew 19 per cent in January to Rs ...
State-run banks could set up only 14,855 ATMs by December, leaving an uphill task of installing close to 20,000 more cash ...
Bank deposits grew at healthy 16% year-on-year to Rs 7,605,171 crore as on February 21, surpassing the pace of credit growth, ...
Recently, Sebi was accorded with new powers to crack down on illegal money-pooling activities through options like search and ...
The SHG programme aims at empowering less privileged women to become self-reliant
Bank's Deputy GM, said there are currently 12 such branches in the country and would go up to 25 by the end of this fiscal
Scheme to raise Rs 800-1,200 crore through discounted sale
EC sources say routine matter, will clear it
Since August 28, the rupee has appreciated by 11.3%. On that day, it had touched an all-time low of 68.85 a dollar, due to heavy ...
Panelists also discuss whether companies are chasing top line at the cost of bottom line
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose by $954 million for the week ended February 28 to $294.36 billion, show Reserve Bank ...
Newsweek, who estimates his wealth at $400 million, ran an interview saying Nakamoto founded bitcoin
Bad loans of public sector banks surge to over 5 per cent by Dec-end; Chidambaram tells the lenders to focus on remedies
The RBI panel says CCP can improve the effectiveness of default management arrangements and co-ordinate operational improvements ...
While West Bengal and Tamil Nadu account for 14% each of microfinance institution clients, Andhra Pradesh accounts for 13%, ...
BNP Paribas, France's biggest bank, has suspended its head of spot currency trading as part of a long-running global ...
State-run Central Bank of India has sold its entire stake in credit information provider Cibil to Transunion International Inc ...
While public sector banks stressed assets continue to rise mainly due to higher gross non-performing but the growth in ...
RBI not constrained by the model code of conduct, says FM
The fourth quarter is when individuals are looking at tax saving products like insurance
To discuss the issue on Friday with RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
PSUs' interim dividend, advance tax outflow among factors; expected to cool next month
High NPAs and limited ability to raise capital due to falling valuations and the govt's inability to put in money pose serious ...
The Finance Minister said he has asked the lenders to focus on the recovery of bad loans
Model code of conduct has come into force with the announcement of general election today
Weak performance of the banking stocks is forcing public sector lenders to defer their plans to raise money through qualified ...
Rising customer expectations owing to emergence of new technology and service channels will drive a paradigm shift in the banking ...
Banks, ATM vendors grapple with operational, contract terms
Solvency-II is a European Union legislative programme to be implemented in all 28 EU member states
Long-term linked products with single premium, sale through bank channel might aid revival
L&T Finance Holdings, Bajaj Finserv and Aditya Birla Nuvo are among the permit applicants
Amid rising compliance standards, coupled with greater integration of domestic companies with their global peers, general ...
JPMorgan, Citigroup  and four more major banks have signed up with an industry group to develop a central register of information ...
New notes bearing signature of former Governor D Subbarao are legal tender and the process of changing signature is underway
Patnaik approved  proposal which has provision of insurance cover worth Rs 1 lakh per annum
Barclays says loan growth, Casa ratio and exposure to sectors under pressure did not indicate any stress
Firm says will not 'jump the gun' in its preparation to create a bank
If you have notes that were issued before 2005, now you have time till January 2015 to exchange them
With market conditions for equity offering being adverse, IDBI Bank is cutting stake in strategic investments
The bank has sanctioned loans worth Rs 80-90 cr to nearly 30,000 beneficiaries across the country
The move comes on the basis of a complaint of alleged irregularities against the Kolkata-based bank
A meeting of the Reserve Bank of India's Standing Advisory Committee has been convened this month to review the flow of ...
He says the current working capital requirement of MSME is Rs 22 lakh cr
In his new role Thukral will look after the stock broking and distribution business of Axis Bank's financial products
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today raised interest rates on fixed deposit of three maturities by up to 3.25 per ...
Reserve Bank today imposed penalty of Rs 5 lakh each on Chanasma Nagrik Sahakari Bank and  Bijnor Urban Co-operative Bank for ...
State Bank of India is taking initiatives to reduce bad loans which have reached 5.73%, SBI Managing Director and Group Executive ...
The crisis-hit United Bank of India, which has run into losses amid suspiciously high bad loans, now faces fresh probes for ...
Irda allows enabling guidelines for insurers to invest in new categories, including IDFs, ETFs and AIFs
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) Chairman T S Vijayan took over at a time when insurers were reeling under ...
Takes total securitisations completed for the current fiscal to Rs 1,270 cr
Firm to deploy money for low-cost housing units
Deutsche Bank's co-chief executive officer Anshu Jain has described India as a "strategic" market for the Germany- based global ...
Currently, the West Asian banking group has three branches---in Mumbai, Hyderabad and Kochi
It is a term plan that offers enhanced protection for one's family and ensures their future
Aviva Life Insurance anticipates de-growth in premium income collection for the current financial year
Lender makes presentation to RBI on the proposal
The part-nationalised British bank, which was rescued by the UK government bailout during the 2008 financial crisis, reported a ...
Move part of bank's recently announced re-organisation, in which wholesale and consumer banking businesses will integrate
Standard Chartered has appointed Sanjeeb Chaudhuri as head of the newly-created role of group head of brand and chief marketing ...
It was the biggest shortfall since 2008, when the bank posted a loss of £24.3 billion
IT modernisation scheme would cover 1.55 lakh post offices and would be implemented by next year
If the recommendations of the panel headed by former RBi governor Bimal Jalan are followed, companies whose names figure in the ...
The United Bank of India (UBI) controversy took another turn on Wednesday with the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) seeking ...
Raghuram Rajan had said the government was on the same page as RBI, in terms of inflation targeting
Allows use of counter-cyclical provisions for meeting shortfall in NPA-sale
The interest rates on short-term bulk deposits have hardened to 10 per cent, with some banks aggressively raising money, driven ...
Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait (BBK) is planning to scale up its presence in India by opening one new branch, pump more capital and ...
India's policy interest rate is appropriately set, said RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, who has raised rates three times by a ...
Banks and securities companies will increase their spending on IT products and services to Rs 47,700 crore in 2014
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, aims to cover 100 unbanked villages across the country through its ...
The facility, uses the Aadhar database, will enable a bank account to be opened within 24 hours as against 7-15 days taken in ...
Gross NPA close to 6%; gross advances at the end of FY13 at Rs 96,394 crore
Financial services secretary Rajiv Takru said that the pros and cons of banks tying-up with multiple insurance companies as ...
The banking regulator was expected to issue new licences by March 31
Takru also asked the RRBs to control the rise in non-performing assets  and bring them down in a time-bound manner
Traditional fleet insurance policies cover damages caused by accidents and natural catastrophes
Appointing new chairman appears to be preferred option for government and regulator at this point of time
Unlikely to raise money from market now
RBI recently asked IBA to look into critical issues of outsourcing of cash management services as instances of looting of ATM ...
CignaTTK Health Insurance, a joint venture between US-based global health service firm Cigna Corporation and India-based TTK ...
The four-member committee submitted its report on new banking licenses
HR experts say the move if introduced will attract more candidates
Starts daily monitoring of recovery efforts, wants things to get better before lender seeks any more capital
Election code of conduct not to affect licence process
Bank also denies report it will be merged with rival Union Bank of India
Says the banks will need active support from Asset Management Companies to enable the distribution of mutual fund products as it ...
NABARD has pulled up regional rural banks, state and district cooperative banks for substantial rise in value of frauds
Leading private insurer Reliance Life Insurance has recorded a 56 per cent surge in its new business premium income in the first ...
Non-banking finance companies should be brought under the ambit of the SARFAESI Act to enhance investor confidence and ensure ...
Mutual funds and insurance firms are awaiting go-ahead from their respective regulators -- Sebi and IRDA -- with regard to their ...
The Bimal Jalan panel which is scrutinising applications for new bank licences will hold its last meeting on Tuesday.
	"We are ...
Mulls ways to improve the bank's earnings, cut bad loans and step up credit recovery efforts
Major setback to RBI's ambition of making foreign banks convert their branches into subsidiaries
Govt accepts her request promptly
The bank had also hired about 4,000 relationship managers/relationship officers on a contract basis
Ministry accepts VRS request; UBI chairperson Bhargava quits citing health reasons
FCAs a major part of the overall reserves, rose by $1.414 bn to $267.25 bn in the week under review: RBI
The allocation is credit negative for PSBs as it was much less than the Rs 25,000-36,000 cr banks needed to meet the regulatory ...
Money will be infused in the form of a Tier-II debt investment
Lukewam collection from govt sponsored schemes main culprit
PNB has applied for opening branches in Lahore and Karachi, but approval is yet to come from competent authority
India's allocation of 112 billion rupees for capital injection into state-run banks is credit negative as it is much smaller than ...
Capital restoration plan, curbs on lending likely; govt may have to dilute stake
Credit card, personal loan growth outpace rise in home, auto finance
Last month, German lender said it was co-operating with regulators in global foreign exchange probe
For the December 2013 quarter, the bank had posted a net loss, the second consecutive quarterly loss
Recovery options for retail investors are few; all they can do is put pressure on the firm through legal channels
The assets under management in Ulips till Sept 2013 stood at Rs 303,667 crore
The approach is part of the bank's efforts to rein in bad loans, which rose more than 5% in the third quarter of this fiscal
United Bank of India (UBI), which markets itself as 'the bank that begins with U', has taken a U-turn a day after it blamed ...
Come March 2015, all the unbanked villages in Punjab and Haryana having population below 2000, would be brought under banking ...
Estimates suggest the total share of home insurance in the general insurance industry is less than 1%
Even as bad loans hit a record high, growing by a little more than 35 per cent in the first three quarters of FY14 year-on-year, ...
Software firm dismisses charge, says Finacle has proven ability
Bahrain's FM Ahmed bin Mohamed and SIDBI deputy MD N.K. Maini signed a MoU
NPAs, cost, fee income, productivity, HR reorientation are focus areas; schedules drawn for addressing all from weeks to a year
The bank added it was careful while lending to companies in the infrastructure and iron & steel sectors
Aviation insurance policies that were primarily used to cover the fleet of the airline companies is now in demand for the other ...
Congress vice president and Member of Parliament from Amethi Rahul Gandhi today inaugurated 10 branches of State Bank of India ...
Amid mounting losses in the third- party motor insurance segment, coupled with rising claims, insurers have urged the regulator ...
Public sector lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it was acting careful while lending to firms involved in infrastructure ...
Analysts of the view sector unlikely to repeat 2013 performance this year; credit quality stress, weak economy likely to cap ...
Plans cost control, loan recoveries to improve Q4 earnings
This has been done to minimise unclaimed amounts by policyholders with insurance companies
MIBOR is used for deals struck for interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements, floating rate debentures and term deposits
SBI was leading with an accretion of Rs 16,610 crore: NPASource.Com
Bank's gross NPA ratio stood at 2.8% in the third quarter of the current financial year and net NPA ratio was at 2.3%
Project is expected to be completed by 30 September 2019 with improvements to more than 236 km of roads in Assam, Manipur, ...
Amid acute shortage of actuaries, Irda Chairman T S Vijayan has expressed the hope that the country will produce enough number of ...
PE funds backed NBFCs Magma Fincorp Limited and Au Financiers (India) are planning to raise around $65 million from the ...
The investment objective of the fund is to generate income and capital appreciation
Senior Vice President of Muthoot said that once decision is announced they will approach SEBI for necessary approvals
The committee may complete its work by the first quarter of 2014 and submit its report along with recommendations to RBI
De-tariffing the third party premium is necessary so that good customers get the benefits of lower premiums
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) of 40 listed banks shot up by 35.2% or Rs 63,386 crore for the nine months ending December ...
State lenders must retain a significant portion of profits for capital, also raise it from market: FM
Chidambaram rules out any contradiction with central bank
Rupee seen appreciating with CAD at $45 bn for FY14
Companies such as the New India Assurance are looking to have 1,000 micro offices by the end of this year
Vijayan said it was imperative that actuaries in companies not just looked at innovative products, but priced it fairly as well
The Bill had sought to empower the RBI to regulate them and fix interest rates ceiling on loans to be provided by MFIs
Reserve bank of India has barred Chennai-based DFL Infrastructure Finance Ltd (DFL) from doing further business following ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said that the insurers can tie-up with referral companies for three ...
The government, which is the promoter of Vijaya Bank, has proposed to buy more than 30.46 crore shares
While making provision of Rs 11,200 crore for infusing capital in the public sector banks, Union finance minister P Chidambaram ...
However, no timeline has been fixed for banks to act as insurance brokers
Probably because inflation is expected to peak off and FY15 GDP growth is likely to be around 4.7 %
Achievement only 55% till December
Customers with even the most basic mobile handset can use this service to access their accounts from any location
United Bank of India will raise up to Rs 1,000 crore as capital through issue of bonds or equity capital to the government
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, has cut deposit rates by up to 0.50% starting February 18
The new structures - which do not entirely replace bonuses - pay more upfront and leave less available to take back
Persistency refers to the ability to keep renewing customers' insurance policy till it reaches maturity
ED Deepak Mohanty says weaknesses in corporate financials are impacting banks' balance sheets and this could impinge on financial ...
For instance, ICICI Bank is now using light commercial vehicles to serve many of its rural customers in Maharashtra
Telecom department says spectrum can't be used as collateral because it's government property
Bank has to function responsibly, top priority for recovery
Officials say there are discounts of 30-40% on an average to get more clients
Banks, agencies and entities may make available gold to exporters (other than AA/DFIA holders) operating under Replenishment ...
The balance $1.5 billion shall, however, continue to be part of the total corporate debt limit of $51 billion
Increase in bad loans affected the profitability resulting in fourth consecutive quarters of drop in SBI's net profit
The seminar will be inaugurated by Milind A Kharat, chairman and managing director of United India Insurance Company
Bankers not keen to lend via scheme as govt owes them Rs 1,100 cr
The govt plans to contain fiscal deficit within 4.8% of gross domestic product for current financial year
Bond yields may not see sharp movement this week
Sharp rise in bad loans, rising losses lead to action
Experts said that this will help banks to augment additional capital
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc asked a judge to approve a $767-million settlement with Freddie Mac to pay off a $1.2 billion ...
Pending the audit's completion, the loan sanctioning power was limited to Rs 10 cr
The total deposits of the Banks in Haryana touched Rs. 1,87,717 crore as on december 2013, showing an increase of 14% during the ...
Determined to turn its third attempt at launching bond futures into a success, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is pressuring ...
Persistency refers to the ability to keep renewing a customer's insurance policy, till it reaches maturit
The depositor can authorise another person without an account to withdraw cash from his or her account through an ATM
Properties include 900 sq mt property in Andheri in Mumbai and four land parcels with area of 75,788 sq ft in Indore
Despite the accumulation of stressed assets by Indian banks over the last few years, rating agencies still maintain a 'stable' ...
The governor of Reserve Bank of India, Raghuram Rajan today warned against fraud e-mails that come in his name
A decision on setting up 'Payments Banks' or specialised banks to provide services to small businesses will be taken only after ...
In its effort to deploy technology for magnifying the reach of financial services in the country, the Reserve Bank of India has ...
Fitch says losses could test migration toward Basel-III
Better security, greater awareness lead to higher usage
Premiums may go up 25-137% for private cars, 1-45% for two-wheelers
Aimed to check concentration, contagion risks
Rise of regional parties will hamper national policy making
Fitch Ratings today warned that recent losses incurred by United Bank of India (UBI) may result in the state-run lender's capital ...
After Reserve Bank of India closed the swap facility for FCNR-B deposits in November 2013, the flow of money into NRI deposits ...
Witnessing a consistent rise over the past few years, fake currencies worth Rs 107.33 crore have been seized in three-and-half ...
The two-day strike by bank employees in India, which began Monday, has affected the expatriate Indians in Oman
In an environment where headlines have focused on jobless growth and apocalyptic scenarios of millions returning to low wage, low ...
The banking industry's profits are being used for writing off bad loans
and for provisioning for bad loans.
The employees are ...
The ongoing banking sector strike took its toll in the form of ATMs running out of cash in the country's financial capital and ...
By March, insurer may infuse money in banks that had planned QIPs
Chidambaram says profits not for salary increase alone
DCB Bank is one of few private sector lenders where promoters hold more than 10% share
Retains negative outlook on Indian banks
According to RBI data, total advances to the telecom sector stood at Rs 85,900 crore at the end of December 2013
The common in-house TPA of public sector general insurers, named Health Insurance TPA of India was incorporated in August 2013 to ...
Most insurers only provide for liabilities associated with theft and damage to the ATM
Move intended at reducing volatility in the rupee
Karnataka General Secretary said that ATMs may not function on Tuesday
Indian Bank has said that its share holders has approved conversion of Rs 400 crore worth Perpetual Non Cumulative Preference ...
Tata Capital will offer home loans at lower rates to women borrowers, on the lines of similar offerings being made by state-run ...
Finance professionals in India need to be well-versed with IFRS accounting norms but much work and education is required in this ...
State-owned Indian Overseas Bank today said it plans to raise Rs 400 crore by selling shares on preferential basis to Life ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's today said 2014 will continue to be a challenging year for the asset quality and ...
Banking transactions worth Rs 2,500 crore are estimated to be affected in Rajasthan as employees started a two-day strike today, ...
Around 100,000 bank employees are on strike for two days in TN
Customers faced inconvenience in Punjab and Haryana as public sector bank employees went on a two-day strike from today to press ...
Total value of instruments pegged at Rs 7,40,000 cr; ATMs dry up in many places
Operations at public sector banks were badly hit in East and West Singhbhum and Seraikela-Kharsawan districts of Jharkhand as ...
The country's financial capital Monday woke up to a two-day long total banking sector strike which has crippled most business and ...
Barclays said it had launched an investigation after a newspaper reported that the personal details of 27,000 customers had been ...
Last year, the bank received around Rs 200 crore from the Government of India
Over a million bank employees working in 27 PSUs, and 12 private and eight foreign banks, will go on the nationwide strike
In a significant ruling the Madras High Court bench has said insurance companies cannot reject medical claims reasoning that the ...
An increasing number of properties and assets mortgaged to lenders are going under the hammer due to non-payment of loans, a ...
The banking sector may create up to 20 lakh new jobs in the next 5-10 years, helped by issuance of new licenses and efforts being ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country's largest money manager, has raised its stake in Indraprastha Gas Ltd by ...
Going bullish on SKS Microfinance, the country's only listed player in the sector, foreign investors have hiked stake in it to ...
New players show up after 3 years; northern states take lead in loan growth
Total income increased to Rs 1,802.97 crore
He said that branch opened in a certain area provides people with various facilities and help in improving local economy
Expenditure rose steeply on all counts, including slippages, while growth in total income was way behind
The new norm takes effect from April 1.
RBI will announce the applicable average base rate on March 31 and every quarter-end ...
Government bond yields are seen falling from current level in the near-term as the last auction for this fiscal got over today
According to the report, the 14-day, one-month and three-month Mibid-Mibor may be fixed by CCIL through the polling process
The Reserve Bank of India on Friday said it issued "certificate of authorisation" to four non-bank entities, including Tata ...
Says govt has also advised public sector banks to take a number of new initiatives to increase the pace of recovery
The central bank has kept suggestions in the report open for public comment till February 28
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) committee in its final report on financial benchmarks has asked for more powers for RBI including ...
Notes to be introduced in a field trial in five cities
RBI directs banks to report such cases to CBI/ Police/SFIO
The central banks of India and Pakistan are in advanced talks for opening bank branches in Karachi and Mumbai as part of measures ...
The Reserve Bank today said it has issued 'certificate of authorisation' to four non-bank entities, including Tata Communications ...
Asset reconstruction, white-label ATM segments on radar
Mis-selling, training areas of concern
This health card offers immediate access to OPD benefits and can be availed at the 75 plus OPD clinics across the seven metros
The wage revision of public sector bank employees has been due since November 2012
IDBI Bank is pushing investors of $140 million of its bonds to accept a controversial change in terms that grant the state-run ...
Gross NPA rises to 3.32% compared to 2.41% in the year ago period
Central Bank of India today said its net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2013 fell by 66% from a year earlier to Rs ...
Intermediaries, TPAs will also benefit, but investments will be under 26% FDI cap
Spectrum outflow, advance tax make banks worried about liquidity ahead of fiscal year-end
Study shows that country's largest lender SBI had a 32.2% decrease In its Brand Value in 2014 compared to 2013
Yields on government bonds are expected to ease, following the Centre's decision to cancel a deferred bond auction for Rs 15,000 ...
Rising claims, losses might lead to steep rise in rates
Even if the liquidity situation has become comfortable with banks borrowing coming down sharply from the Reserve Bank of India's ...
Chiefs say problem likely to continue and more work needed
Under the new norms life insurers have to replace their existing products with new ones meeting the regulatory criteria
This is because in the last couple of months fresh instances of defaults have been reported
Muthoot Finance Ltd, the country's largest gold finance company, has become the third entity to set up
Service allows customers use banking services without visiting branches and ATMs or using internet and mobile banking
The programme, Certified Actuarial Analyst can be completed in 2-3 years and will be offered from 2014 onwards
The move is expected to benefit investors.
Employees' body claims recruitment process has almost come to a standstill and banking transactions have suffered
The bank, which has huge exposure to infrastructure and power, has NPA to the tune 6% and restructured loans at 13% of its ...
Yet the country was the second busiest PE market in the Asia-Pacific region
A system is already in place for the service and banks need to "wake up and move"
Having an advantage of 733 million hectare of arable land, which accounts for 27.4% of the total arable land in the world
Public sector Indian Bank has revised interest rates for the month of February on its Foreign Currency Non-Resident (Banking) ...
Some lenders in talks with LIC for pvt placement
Call rate ends at 7%, while the weighted average was 7.91%
Insurers and fund houses began cutting down the duration two weeks ago, due to the Urjit Patel committee recommendations
Besides, the infrastructure major raises $150 mn in Q3; company's loan growth to remain flat
FDI hike in insurance is not UPA 2's radar
Yields fall on rumours of cancellation of bond auction
With this, the government's stake will increase to 63% from the existing 59%
India Ratings report says if diesel prices continue to rise, the commercial vehicle operators are likely to see their operating ...
Invites application for senior consultant to analyse financial markets, financial sector activities and prepare a risk assessment ...
M Teresa Kho took over today as the new country director of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) succeeding Hun Kim who moved on to ...
Standard Chartered Bank and Max Bupa Health Insurance today announced their bancassurance Corporate Agency arrangement to provide ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has launched a Special Revival Campaign spanning over 70 days to help policyholders renew their ...
The recent rampage in emerging market currencies brought back memories of the 1997 Asian currency crisis.
Comparisons are being ...
The mutual funds industry, though promising higher returns to investors faces a trust deficit from the masses, Finance Minister P ...
With initial share capital of Rs 2,000 cr, proposed bank aims to finance entrepreneurial activities
A surprise move by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to raise the repo rate by 25 basis points (bps), direct reference to follow ...
The number of consumer complaints against banks has come down by about 3% in 2012-13, while SBI topped the list with 20,030 ...
Insurance regulator IRDA has set up a nine-member committee to review the 14 non-legislative recommendations made by the ...
Partial withdrawal allowed under micro-variable life products; kirana stores can sell policies in rural areas
New generation bank, which raised Rs 5,540 crore through equity offering in Jan 2013, will require two-three round of in next ...
Employee stock purchase plan likely option
ATM charges to be renewed as well
Also, feel bank heads, the changed guidelines on stressed assets will encourage the business of asset reconstruction
Lower provision helps Union Bank to reports 15% rise in net
Earlier, central bank deregulated interest rate on NRE deposits for maturity of three years and above
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, which sells the motor insurance policies among other product categories, has taken the ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank today reported a sharp decline of 42.38% in net profit at Rs 409.35 crore for ...
Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank today reported 25.2% decline in net profit to Rs 380 crore for the third ...
The 14th Finance Commission is confident of submitting its report by scheduled date before October 31 this year.
Punjab National Bank today reported Q3 net profit of Rs 755 crore compared to RS 1,306 crore in the same quarter last year
Insurance marketing firms, a new category of distribution introduced by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
Capital adequacy improves to 12.8%
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has offered some leeway to banks for early detection and resolution of bad loans.
Under the new ...
Under the present arrangement, banking partners can't sell multiple insurers' products in their branches
The regulator said this was to facilitate a more comprehensive debate on the contentious provisions
Committee shall submit its report by the end of April 2014
Banks will largely remain resilient to the cyclical downturn on improvement in loan loss reserves and common equity injections
Says regulator should be referee and not a captain
Amidst rising demand from banks that they be allowed to increase user fees and limit free access to automated teller machines ...
India's central bank on Thursday released a framework to help banks recover bad debts in an effort to ease the financial stress ...
Mop-up misses target as big FIIs skip issue
The final date for technical bids is February 14; it is February 28 for commercial bids; these are separate applications
Says the hike is to curb inflation and that they are focused on preserving the value of the rupee
Increasing asset quality pressure key negative
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday assured the bond market once again that the Rs 50,000 crore debt switch programme ...
RBI chief Raghuram Rajan said on Wednesday that he would have liked to see a greater reduction in core inflation.
Rajan surprises again, hikes rate 25 bps; signal of an end to near-term tightening doesn't convince many; banks in wait & ...
This group to bring consensus on the model
IBA, nudged by state-run banks, had proposed limiting the number of free transactions at own-bank ATMs to five a month
Regulator has asked all insurers to highlight warning messages in their product advertisements on the same
The company plans to deploy atleast 10,000 ATMs over three years
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, expects a small rise in deposit rates, Chairwoman Arundhati Bhattacharya told ...
Public sector banks may opt out of becoming insurance brokers, even as the finance ministry's deadline for taking up this model ...
Most of those polled expect rupee to move around 63 in near term
Street feels pressure is temporary as macro fundamentals are improving
The growth in loans by MFIs and the improving regulatory environment for micro lenders have convinced it to create a separate ...
This policy provides protection against liabilities arising out of large claims due to lapses on part of workers
Earlier, bank unions had announced plans for a two-day nationwide strike on January 20-21, followed by further strikes in ...
Market is abuzz with speculation that SBI may hit the market this week
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is planning to collaborate with various stakeholders, including industry associations, ...
Private life insurer Reliance Life Insurance today launched its new offering 'Reliance Super Money Back Plan', a traditional ...
Reliance Life Insurance, part of Reliance Capital, today launched Super Money Back Plan, a traditional non-participating plan ...
As Indian firms turn towards disruptive technologies to optimise operations, banks too are joining the social media and mobility ...
A shift in focus of banks towards improving efficiency and utilisation rates resulted in a decelerated rise of operating expenses ...
Microinsurance, which aims to extend insurance coverage to low-income households in rural areas, has failed to enthuse ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce today introduced the e-KYC (electronic Know Your Customer) facility, which instantly ...
Out of over 900 million mobile phones and over 450 million bank accounts, only 67 million cell phones are linked to bank ...
To preserve delicate and brittle documents, the Reserve Bank will digitise old records running into 1.5 lakh pages and make them ...
Banks are gearing up to meet the expected customer rush for exchanging currencies after the Reserve Bank's decision to phase out ...
Experts see currency touching 63 a $ but rule out high volatility
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's most networked bank, is set to open 59 more branches in Odisha by the end of this ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has launched an awareness campaign titled 'Insurance Aaj Badal Raha Hain' on the new product ...
Foreign currency assets, key component of reserves, fell by $1.21 billion to $265.93 bn
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd said on Friday its loans and advances were expected to grow at 15-17 per cent for FY14.The banking ...
B K Divakara has taken charge as executive director at Central Bank of India.
Prior to taking charge of the new assignment, he ...
Allahabad Bank today said Jal Karan Singh Kharb has joined the state-run lender as an executive director.He started his career ...
Earlier this month, the government had approved the conversion of PNCPS of three public sector banks, including Vijaya Bank, into ...
Bank announced 9000% dividend, highest in the industry
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd today said its loan and advances are expected to growth at 15-17% for year ending March 2014
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) chairman T S Vijayan today inaugurated their Regional Office in New Delhi
Common Service Centres (CSCs), which have been proposed to act as insurance brokers to sell life and general insurance policies, ...
A rule change may make Nachiket Mor, among others, eligible to replace Chakrabarty
A quarter of managers to retire in 3 years; new pvt banks also seen as threat
Chests are select branches of banks authorised by RBI for distribution of notes and coins
Says inflation a destructive disease
Finance ministry officials say CMBs as much a requirement of RBI as of govt
At present govt-owned enterprise Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India holds 20.7% in Axis Bank
Credit growth in the industrial sector has slowed down due to sluggish economic growth
Business people especially worried; banks suggest RBI's April 1 deadline might be too early
The benefit is similar to what is extended to banks
Working group has been constituted with the chief executive officers of ten insurance companies
With 50% Indians not having access to banks, the plant will not find many takers
According to currency dealers, in the recent past RBI had started buying dollars even when rupee had touched Rs 61.50
The regulator had asked the bank to bring down the stake from 18.5% before March 2014
India's largest bank SBI had no place among the 50 largest banks in the world
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked life insurance companies to submit a 'Report on persistency' ...
The moves will bring the much-needed stability to the sector, which has witnessed quite a tumultuous journey in the past two
Baldev Shah, a 38-year old wholesale textile store owner from South Mumbai had a visit to his bank branch as the top priority for ...
Nation's largest lender State Bank of India today strengthened its social media presence with the launch of its channel on ...
Banks are likely to see some improvement on bad loans once stalled projects that are being cleared by the Cabinet Committee on ...
Insurance regulator Irda has asked Birla Sun Life Insurance Company to strengthen procedures for complying with the anti-money ...
RBI to withdraw all pre-2005 notes; move seen as effort to unearth black money
Focus on inflation, higher CPI projection dampen bond market mood
Credit growth
in the country continues to be behind deposit growth.
The Reserve Bank of India's data released on Wednesday shows ...
Use instrument only when warranted by liquidity: Panel
The central bank kept monetary policy steady at a review earlier in the day and maintained its upbeat inflation forecasts
The Urjit Patel Committee report to revise and strengthen the monetary policy framework suggests some sweeping changes to ...
India's largest insurer yet to file product in segment under new regime
Apex bank plans to use Rs 3,500 cr such deposits that have not been claimed for 10 years for the purpose
Lahore-based Pakistan's Soneri Bank Ltd is planning to foray into India with three new bank branches in Amritsar, New Delhi and ...
The RBI had announced a window for swapping FCNR (B) dollar funds mobilised for at least three years at a fixed rate of 3.5% a ...
The stake sale is expected to bring over Rs 13,000 cr for the govt
The new rules had changed the product structure and surrender benefits, making products more transparent for customers
This would enable the bank to meet the Basel-III requirements
Irda also directed LIC to put in place system to analyse data pertaining to surrenders and directed the Corporation to be ...
Government of India to convert Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares (PNCPS), which it is holding in Indian Bank to equity ...
From extended warranty covers to additional benefits, 2014 will see a number of new launches
To increase transparency and efficiency in banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday constituted an eight-member ...
The founder-promoter of SMILE Micro Finance, N Sethuraman, and DWM Investments (Cyprus) Ltd are in a legal tussle for the control ...
The sector has been able to attract about $200 mn in equity in the past 12 months, in addition to debt flows that are three to ...
With a majority of RBI's pre-conditions fulfilled, the central bank has little justification to hike rates on Jan 28
Central bank had initially restricted the LTV ratio for gold loan NBFCs at 60%
H R Khan to look after banking operations, non-banking supervision and IT
Already holds stake in Dhanlaxmi and Federal Bank
The company has so far raised Rs 2,300 cr against issue size of Rs 8,660 cr
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) clarified on Monday that a foreign investor is free to remit funds through any bank of its choice ...
India's benchmark 10-year bond yield dropped to an over three-month low on Monday after the central bank stepped in to provide ...
The Reserve Bank of India
(RBI) has constituted an expert committee to review governance of boards of banks in India.
The ...
The ministry relaxed the eligibility criteria to accommodate five more candidates, of which two belonged to the SC/ST category
Andhra Bank is planning to set up exclusive locker centres across the state
The number of accounts through which loans are advanced stood at around 60,000
Cyber security sleuths have detected a "black" private information stealing virus in the Indian online banking transactions space ...
The Bimal Jalan panel which is scrutinising applications for new bank licences will hold a meeting on February 10
May offer interest rate moratorium for two and half years
Kerala-headquartered Federal Bank plans to recruit about 3,000 employees and add 300 branches in the next three years, a top ...
Govt had pegged the fiscal deficit for the current fiscal at 4.8% of GDP
Move to help ease liquidity, will be done through multi-security auction using multiple price method
The reverse repo window will now be available between 7.00 pm and 7.30 pm instead of the existing timings of 4.45 pm to 5.15 pm
UFBU had earlier announced plans to go on a two day strike, followed by further strikes in February and March
It also asked the banks to ensure one-to-one matching in case of these transactions
Lower provisions, cost control aid earnings growth
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) on Friday said Jiji Mammen has taken charge as chief general ...
Federal Bank today reported a jump of 9.1 per cent in net profit of Rs 230 crore in the third quarter ended December 31.
	The ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority may make the broking model for banks compulsory soon if significant traction ...
Bank of Baroda first bank to raise dollar debt of $750 million during the month, gets orders worth $4.4 billion from banks and ...
Bancassurance, or the process of banks selling insurance products, follows a corporate agency structure
An IDF can be launched through the mutual fund (trust) route or through the NBFC (company) route
Asset quality expected to remain vulnerable due to significant exposure to power and infrastructure sector
RBI has also been conducting term repos of 7-day and 14-day tenor
Aims to tackle attrition, mis-selling with the initiative
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday imposed monetary penalty on two cooperative banks in Gujarat for allegedly violating ...
Credit quality deteriorated a tad with gross non-performing asset ratio rising 6 bps to 1.25%
State-run Bank of Baroda (BOB) raised $ 750 million through 5.5 year Reg S bonds priced at US treasury plus 325 basis points on ...
Iran has requested the Ministry of Finance and the Reserve Bank of India to allow it open accounts in multiple banks to ...
The country's banking sector could witness tough times ahead with gross non-performing assets (NPAs) expected to touch 5 per cent ...
Iran has requested the Ministry of Finance and the Reserve Bank of India to allow it open accounts in multiple banks to ...
Thrissur based South Indian Bank [SIB] reported a net profit of Rs. 141.31 Crore for the third quarter of the F.Y 2013-14, ...
Martin Hellwig, a co-author of a book on wrong notions about the banking sector, has suggested increasing equity requirement for ...
WPI-based inflation falls to 5-month low of 6.16%
Also prescribes way in which loss incurred be unhedged foreign currency exposure should be calculated
RBI had clarified that it had not cancellation of banking licence of Rupee
On review of the govt's cash position and funding requirement, it has been decided, in consultation with RBI, to defer the ...
To make operations of automated teller machines (ATMs) viable, the National Payments Corporation today convened a committee of ...
State-run Bank of Baroda today became the second domestic issuer to approach the overseas bond market in the New Year with a ...
The Department of Service tax has found several banking services taxable on scrutiny following the negative list of services
Private lender Yes Bank posted a 22% increase in net profit at Rs 416 crore for the quarter ended December 2013.
It was Rs 342 ...
Players grapple with costs, logistic issue before launch
As stability is expected in interest rates, corporate bond issuances through private placement are seen picking up in the fourth ...
He will help guide completion of the new bank licence process
The company stock gained about 150% in the last one and a half years
HDFC Pension Fund also been finding it difficult to enrol people in younger age-bracket
Irda pulled up the insurance major for a 'misleading' print advertisement
Yu'E Bao's cash is invested in a money-market fund run by Tian Hong Asset Management Co
Notices sent by at least three public sector banks for recovery of loans
This is the first of its kind initiative launched by any bank in Odisha for collection of government taxes
The contraction in factory output as indicated by falling IIP will put additional pressure on banks, including SBI, on the asset ...
Aegon Religare Life Insurance today announced the appointment of K S Gopalakrishnan as the Managing Director & Chief ...
Complain of excess volatility in short-term market; might also ask central bank to remove cap on repo borrowing
Lender had 5.12 mn cards - almost a third of the total number of credit cards in the industry - at the end of November, 2013
Slowing CPI inflation to help bond street
For more operational flexibility in the external sector, the Reserve Bank of India has allowed rebooking and cancellation without ...
Says there is substantial wastage of farm produce which needs to be minimised by improving supply chain logistics
At least a dozen banks have been contacted by authorities, and at least 12 currency traders have been suspended or put on leave
The decision, it said, has been taken in view of the evolving market conditions and with a view to providing operational ...
Tie up for 3-in-1 integrated account comprising bank account, demat account and trading account
Admitting that the ongoing Telangana agitation has seriously affected business of State Bank of Hyderabad, a top Bank official ...
About 26 per cent of the death claims settled are in the bracket of early claims
Private life insurer  today launched its HDFC Life Super Income Plan, a traditional product, with profits plan under savings ...
Andhra Bank's asset quality would stay under pressure in the medium term, CRISIL has said, due to a sizable exposure to ...
Private-sector insurer Reliance General Insurance hopes to register profit in the current financial year on the back of a ...
Insurance sector regulator Irda has constituted a committee to look into a possibility of increasing FDI in insurance ...
Stating that its ATM operations are making losses, nation's largest bank SBI has said it is all for charging customers for ...
The Reserve Bank will consider reducing the number of free ATM withdrawals, as recommended by Indian Banks' Association, in an ...
Irda slapped a fine of nearly Rs 5 crore during 2012-13 on 12 insurance companies, including market leaders HDFC Life and ICICI ...
The size of the declined risk pool has shrunk from Rs 5,000 cr when the TP motor pool was there to about Rs 350-400 cr
But proposal to have a unified regulator will not see the light of day until new govt is formed
Simplification of policy terminology will require some more work; Irda turns focus to customer services
Says, January 2016 deadline of giving banks accounts to all depends on Aadhar progress
Traditionally, two of four deputy governors are promoted from within ranks of RBI
The Reserve Bank of India raised around $25 bn under the swap window facility, which was open till November 30
Fiscal deficit has already reached 94% of its stated target in first eight months
The operating profit rose by 37% during the same period at Rs 647 cr
US President Barack Obama on Friday nominated former Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fischer and two others to round out the top ...
Nachiket Mor said it can be achieved with progress made in Aadhaar number rollout
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has set up a ten-member committee to look into having 100% Foreign Direct ...
Muthoot Finance Limited (MFL) has welcomed the RBI's announcement to increase loan-to-value (LTV) ratio to 75 per cent  from the ...
The Union Minister for Commerce and Industries Anand Sharma today urged the financial institutions and banks to help the seafood ...
Private life insurer Reliance Life Insurance today said it plans to launch nine products, which are complied with the new product ...
First govt bank to rope in high profile brand ambassador in 5 years
An NRI can be a joint holder in more than one account, if she/he is a close relative of all the resident bank account holders
Study by ICICI Lombard and IMRB says that 19% bikers do not keep insurance papers
Loans worth Rs 1.9-2.1 trillion due for refinancing
Equity ETFs are funds whose unit price is derived from basket of underlying equity shares
To host maiden brainstorming session to improve the various channels of sale
Exits subject to lock-ins without assured returns
However, analysts fear stress in asset quality
As on Monday, the prices of many vegetables had fallen as much as 50% compared with those a month before, due to increased ...
Bengaluru recorded highest accident claims; Ahmedabad leads for two wheeler claims
RBI yesterday allowed NBFCs to lend up to 75 per cent of the value of the yellow metal from 60 per cent at present
If you were in Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) a decade ago, you might have had to walk miles before you saw a branch of a new-age ...
Only intrinsic value of the gold to be used to determine the loan value
Banks line up board meetings over two weeks
To act as advisor to regulator on servicing issues
The monetary transmission in the system has been slower because banks have been reluctant to hike lending rates much due to slow ...
That only an emphasis on over-the-counter market reforms, mainly covering swap dealers, might be insufficient
Specific circumstances of low income groups like unstable income, migration for work and others should be considered, he said
Moots separate banks for low-income households, removal of farm loan subsidies
Axis Bank & BoB chiefs say many suggestions not practical
Suggests allowing wholesale investment and consumer banks, revist PSL rules
At present, the ceiling on such exposure to a single counterparty is 15% of capital funds
Loan defaults and restructuring to limit profits
The Nachiket Mor panel on financial services for small businesses and low income households says by January 1, 2016, at least one ...
India's largest insurer to invest Rs 2.25-lakh crore in FY14
Reserve Bank of India's move to get involved in its specification, if approved, would strengthen money market
Insurers feel unique identity numbers for hospitals will help expand the network
Future Generali India Life is a joint venture between Future Group, Generali, a global insurance group and IITL, a Non Banking ...
The Senate confirmed Janet L Yellen as the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve on Monday, marking the first time that a woman will ...
Move aimed at promoting 'modernisation of governance'
The move is similar to what banks have adopted
Out of the seven plans, four products are market-linked and the remaining are traditional products
However, it might continue to charge more than private sector players, especially for online term plans
Statutory liquidity ratio refers amount that commercial banks require to maintain in the form of gold or government approved ...
Over 90% life products sold by company are in traditional segment
Bank will extend finance up to Rs 50 lakh for entrepreneurs in the manufacturing sector and Rs 25 lakh for services sector
The exposure limit applicable to a single borrower or counterparty is 15% of the capital funds of the bank
By January 1, 2016 each Indian resident, above the age of eighteen years, would have an individual, full-service, safe, and ...
Analysts point to recent data to say the recovery might not sustain
Amid the growing buzz that Anand Sinha, a deputy governor (DG) of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) looking after the new bank ...
Bankers have sought an increase in the fee of Rs 15 to Rs 18 for all transactions, including non-cash transactions like balance ...
Move to ensure improvement in financial data systems
South Korea will ask India to help its banks open branches in India when the finance ministers of the two countries meet on ...
Valuations to stay weak on dim chances for improvement
Credit information company ECIS today said the delinquency rate of micro-finance institutions (MFIs) has declined by 20% between ...
Say 30 days not enough to resolve stress; want higher provision norms deferred till economy picks up
Reply was sent to activist Subhash Agrawal in response to his RTI plea seeking to know whether Rajan has American nationality
The Annual Report of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) for 2012-13 said the decreasing trend in the ...
The new guidelines seek to allow banks to act as a broker permitting them to sell insurance policies of different insurance ...
Centre and the IBA have failed to settle the 14-month long pending demand of 32% wage revision for about a million strong staff ...
Heavy rains and a series of cyclones during September-October last year damaged the crops
Reliance General and Royal Sundaram were the only two private sector general insurance companies that witnessed decline in market ...
India has one of the world's largest high networth population, which is pushing demand up for luxury cars
Bats for greater central bank role in fixing benchmarks
ICRA affirms "AA+" rating to non-convertible debentures
Currently, there are no definitive guidelines defining the cover for people with disability
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance launches all women branch in Pune, may roll it out in other metros too
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank has raised Rs 1,500 crore through issue of unsecured, non-convertible, ...
Indian Bank has revised interest rates in foreign currency non-resident (banking) deposits with immediate effect.
	For FCNR (B) ...
RBI also said that the reporting of the rolled over guarantee would be done as a fresh financial commitment in Part II of form ...
In an attempt to target prospective home buyers, public sector lenders -- Indian Bank and Indian Overseas Bank -- are offering ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra, which has seen its gross non performing assets growing to 2.77% of advances, has ...
The Urjit Patel committee, set up by Raghuram Rajan days after he took charge of Reserve Bank of India to review and strengthen ...
Targetting young individuals, public sector Indian Overseas Bank today launched 'Connect Card', a new ATM cum Debit card in ...
SBI will not require fresh capital for two years after its forthcoming Rs 11,500 crore qualified institutional placement goes ...
Non-life players had 13% business from this segment
Inflation expected to stay elevated
Most govt lenders will become ineligible next fiscal due to rise in NPA
Second NPA sale in FY14; move aimed at containing pressure on balance sheets
Life insurers see slow growth in the first few quarters; general insurers hopeful of improvement in auto sales
Equity issuances saw 37% drop compared to 2012
Life insurance companies sold 25.7% of new policies in 2012-13 in the rural sector.
According to Insurance regulatory and ...
At present, customers are allowed unlimited free transactions if the ATM is of their own bank
Says year will see various initiatives taken forward; wants more innovative thinking from staff
The revised rate in dollar deposits for two years to less than three years is up 11 bps
Average monthly balance is a combination of savings account, current account and fixed deposit balances
Irda Annual Report says India's insurance penetration is 3.96 % of GDP
Micro Finance companies to benefit from RBI move
The shares had a face value of Rs 10 each with a premium of Rs 273.84 per share
CCIL is authorised and supervised by RBI under Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007
Move to convert govt's preference shares in Indian Bank, UCO Bank and Vijaya Bank into equity may be taken up at Cabinet tomorrow
V Kannan today assumed charge as Chairman & Managing Director of Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank
Traders say worst is behind; outcome of Lok Sabha elections likely to determine direction of the next shift
The global investment bank tops the coveted M&A league table for the year with deals such as Unilever's open offer for local ...
Till now, gold dore import was banned and gold refineries were sources their input from scrap gold
Product guidelines for linked and non-linked life insurance products that have been revised by the Insurance Regulatory and ...
With 1.61 lakh credit linked self-help groups and 4.72 lakh Kishan credit card loans, the bank is the largest in the state in ...
SBI was not giving receipt of cheques or drafts that were being put in the bank's drop boxes
Credit growth continues to be slow in 2013 amid economic downturn.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data released on Tuesday shows ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has clarified to members of public to not to fall prey to such rumours that banks will not accept ...
Private player Max Life Insurance today said it plans to launch 20 re-structured products next year as part of regulatory ...
IDBI Bank has revised interest rates for retail term deposits across tenors with immediate effect
RBI wants review of banks' company exposure, sees rising asset quality stress
HDFC, with a market share of 25%, stands as the biggest lender in the segment
Misselling broadly refers to unfair or fraudulent practices adopted at the time of soliciting and selling insurance policies
Allows lump sum payment at maturity; loan to become non-performing asset if margin not maintained
Will facilitate information flow in the system
Banks yet to gear up fully for distribution
CRISIL Inclusix measures financial inclusion up to the level of each of the 638 districts in India
Last month, state-run Union Bank of India had raised additional capital to the extent of Rs 2,000 crore by issuing Basel-III ...
Will add 14 new branches in foreign locations
Canara Bank becomes the first major state-owned bank to increase base rate after RBI's policy announcement
With Current Account Deficit (CAD) falling and having built foreign exchange reserves through various steps, the Reserve bank of ...
The grave risks from ever growing pool of corporate stressed loans - bad loans and restructured advances-- has prompted Reserve ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) believes that the risks to the banking sector has increased during the past half-year. "The risks ...
With Kumar's elevation to the board of SBI, all positions of managing directors (four) have been filled
Government bond yields are seen range bound amid thin trades
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank is witnessing a sizable reduction in its home loan book growth in the current fiscal at ...
New banks will have to develop a fresh business model to succeed, including making profits in rural areas and tackling risks ...
Bank lending has grown close to 15%, while deposits clipped much better at over 17% during the year to December 13, according to ...
State-run lenders including SBI and IDBI Bank have lined up more than Rs 15,000 crore worth of share-sales to institutional ...
Tata Teleservices obtained the licence for mobile wallets from the RBI and started its pilot in 2011
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today said Arun Tiwari assumed charge as its new chairman & managing ...
Deterioration in the bank's asset quality was seen across sectors-agriculture, small and medium enterprises, and corporate
Move follows govt nod to increase foreign shareholding in the bank
FinMin in a circular on Dec 20, 2013 said that the public sector banks should leverage their branch network for insurance ...
Project will be rolled out in next three months, expected to get stabilised in six months
Equitas Holdings has raised Rs 156.8 cr from CDC and FMO and Rs 41.2 cr
Bankers, however, say it will be premature to celebrate
Outbound deal count in the current calendar year fell to 100 from 154 in 2012
The health grid will also be beneficial for the customers
Mayaram says govt yet to decide on SUUTI's stake sale proposal
Company on Thursday announced it will be raising up to Rs 200 cr through a non-convertible debenture issue
Within days of RBI's advisory issued on December 24, a number of entities offering Bitcoin services have suspended their ...
In an innovative move, British banks may soon allow customers to pay cheques into their account by taking photos on their ...
Barclays Plc has been fined $3.75 million by a US regulator over its alleged decade-long failure to properly keep electronic ...
It is tough for bankers to strike a balance while fixing base rates in such challenging market conditions
The bank has allotted 11.85 crore shares of Rs 10 each to Government of India on preferential allotment basis at a price of Rs ...
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said he expects new bank licences by January 2014
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance plans to launch individual and group insurance plans under the new product guidelines.
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has received approvals for its individual and group insurance plans under the new product guidelines
Banks are in midst of hectic action to meet December quarter-end targets.
But that has hardly triggered mad rush to raise money ...
Banks in a tight spot as ministry wants them to open ATMs at all rural branches
State-run and private sector banks together open 7,300 branches in 2013
Medium & heavy commercial vehicles' sales drop 28.7% in January-October in 2013 over the same period in 2012
Central bank raises red flag, warns of potential risk
Raises more than double the amount raised last calendar year
On credit disbursal front, loan disbursal inched up albeit in small measure
Move seen as first step towards finding Puri's successor
Industry divided ove P Chidambaram keeping his budget promise of enabling banks to become insurance brokers
Moves Debt Recovery Tribunal
Under Rajan, the central bank has made fighting inflation a priority because of its pernicious impact on the poor
Bank filed an application with the FIPB since the total foreign shareholding in the Bank crossed 49%
Sold at around Rs 50, the fruit cake has become the most popular product being sold this season on the streets of central ...
Under new rules the money can be used for relending to infra projects, says RBI
The Reserve Bank of India has formed a committee under Executive Director Deepak Mohanty to review the current system of data ...
The Reserve Bank of India has formed a committee under Executive Director Deepak Mohanty to review the current system of data ...
The country's second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank today promoted Paresh Sukthankar as the deputy managing director.
   ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra today followed State Bank of India and mortgage major HDFC by announcing a rate cut of up to ...
The fund raised has to be used for lending to the infrastructure sector
The finance ministry's recent circular to the public sector bank chief executives that they should become insurance brokers has ...
Advisor to do mystery shopping, suggest ways to improve services
Currently, insurance penetration (the ratio of the percentage of total insurance premia to gross domestic product) is about five ...
However, sources said this year, the incentives offered by automobile companies didn't seem to have paid off
They are demanding early wage revision and protesting against banking reforms
The loan is up to a period of seven years
Very few thousand students got education loans ten years ago.
Now lakhs of students were availing the education loan, he said
A Standard Bank Group consultant who was detained in Mongolia amid a dispute with a local company over a debt repayment said he ...
South Korea's Shinhan Financial Group, BS Financial Group, Industrial Bank of Korea and a consortium joined by private equity ...
SLBC concerned over higher NPA at 4.74%, low bank credit linkages
Employee unions of public sector banks today threatened to go on a two-day strike beginning January 20 to press for early wage ...
PNB Metlife India Insurance today launched three new life insurance products including a monthly income plan.
Public sector lender Andhra Bank has received nearly Rs 200 crore capital infusion from the government and in return shareholders ...
Part of a focus on retail advances, as corporate demand remains subdued; could reverse if RBI raises repo next month
They may be rivals in overall business of selling insurance products, but Reliance Life wants to emulate model followed by LIC ...
From the largest lender SBI to the youngest Yes Bank, the nation's banks were fined for violating regulatory norms after sting ...
Introduces a 'special scheme' that offer loans up to Rs 75 lakh at 10.25% and for loans above Rs 75 lakh at 10.50%
Various lenders, including public sector banks, have exposures of as much as Rs 25,000 cr to the sector
Gopalakrishna, Gandhi, Vijaya Bhaskar in frontrunners
The bank issued 2,500 bonds with a face value of Rs 10 lakh each to augment its Tier-II capital under Basel-III norms
Under RBI norms, no company or bank could offer an interest rate of more than 12.50% per annum
The Federal Reserve said on Wednesday that it would gradually end its bond-buying programme during 2014, a modest first step ...
Assessment comes a day after the apex bank kept repo, or short-term lending rate, unchanged at 7.75%
Total sum of securitisations completed by SKS so far during the year stands at Rs 616.8 crore
Motor insurance space saw a 12% rise in liability premium and nominal growth in the two-wheeler segment
SBI, which is country's largest public sector lender, keeps its rate lower by 10 bps
Oriental, Dena Bank put stressed assets worth Rs 1,200 cr on block, as part of a rising trend; expected to gain momentum in the ...
General insurance companies saw a 13.1% in premium collection for the April to November period, as compared to same period last ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) clarified that banks are permitted to participate in Interest Rate Futures (IRFs) both for the ...
Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance has introduced Edelweiss Tokio Life-Milestones Plan, a non linked participating money back life ...
The insurance industry, which has been hit by money laundering allegations, is looking for the revival of the economy for a pick ...
Religare Health Insurance today launched a critical illness and personal accident product 'Assure' for the retail market ...
The move, which could come as a surprise to many investors, was a nod to better prospects for economy and labor market
Sensex snaps losing streak; some experts fear RBI might soon have to do a catch-up job
RBI understands gold import curb is a distortion for the economy but needed at this point
The government holds 73.8 per cent of the bank's equity share capital
Unions are demanding wage revision among other demands
Asserting that the level of bad loans is not alarming, Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the Reserve Bank has come out with a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) unexpectedly kept the rates unchanged on Wednesday, despite calling current inflation too high, ...
Justifying his decision to hold policy rate in the mid quarter review of monetary policy - contrary to market expectation of 25 ...
Future Retail can now sell 22.5% stake in Future Generali India Life Insurance
Don't treat this as a pause, Rajan says, as risks to core inflation remain in coming months if US tapering begins next year
Normal banking operations like cheque clearances, withdrawing and depositing of money at branches were hit across the country as ...
Banks to flag loans overdue for 30 days as stressed; feedback on suggestions in two weeks
Steps include allowing banks to take excess provision for NPAs to profits
The wage revision of bank employees was due from November 2012
Currently, Irda follows the file-and-use route, under which all products have to be filed with the regulator before being ...
After exporters, real estate players have demanded the priority sector tag for low cost housing.
Programme to allow regiestered members of milk unions to receive payments against supply of milk in the
Amid stress rising in banks' credit portfolio, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday proposed guidelines that will enable ...
IOB gets Board's approval to issue equity shares to GoI, LIC
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants banks to be far more proactive in dealing with stress in loan accounts.
It today unveiled plans ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has restricted further purchase of HDFC Bank's shares by overseas investors as foreign ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has said it will approve products under the use-and-file regime. ...
Health Insurance TPA of India is expected to begin doing business by April 1, 2014
Report says stressed asset level to peak at 15% in 2014-15
High food prices are also becoming a major headache for an embattled government
Fitch assigns investment grade rating of "BBB-"
The panel is contacting different agencies such as CVO and CBI to do background check on all the applicants
RIL is likely to pay Rs 1,600 cr of advance tax, compared with Rs 1,535 cr for the corresponding quarter last year: reports
Appoints Kartik Kaushik as deputy head of consumer banking in India
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.74/75 a dollar compared with 62.12/13 on Friday
Irda chief raises many insurance companies do have essential data 'but have little respect for it'
The Reserve Bank today restricted foreign institutional investors (FIIs) from buying additional shares in HDFC Bank, the ...
Insurance regulator IRDA has asked Reliance Life Insurance Company (RLIC) to strengthen procedures for complying with the ...
Private insurer Reliance Life Insurance, which hired 2,000 for its proprietary channels in the past one year, today said it plans ...
SBI Life Insurance has launched 'SBI Life-Flexi Smart Plus' insurance plan
At least five state-run banks on central bank's radar for lax credit appraisal
SKS said cash embezzlement is 0.04% of disbursement during the year
The panel that is entrusted with the task of scrutinising applications for new bank licences will hold its meeting tomorrow.
Says working capital loans to companies have hit growth of corporate bond market
This week five MFIs received certification for client protection from Smart Campaign
The year 2013 marks the marks the sudden reversal of an interest rate cycle, contrary to what the market was expecting,  after ...
The year which is about to end in few days marks the reversal of an interest rate cycle which was not expected by many ...
But RBI is fine as long as it boosts sentiments
Making insurance mandatory would be beneficial not only from insurance perspective but from a customer perspective also
As the liquidity conditions are expected to tighten on account of advance tax payments commencing from mid-December, the Reserve ...
DCB Bank (Development Credit Bank Ltd) had forayed into Chhattisgarh with the opening of its branches in Berla and Bemetara ...
Banks are required to submit a return to the Reserve Bank within 30 days of the close of the calendar year
Admits foreign banks not keen on subsidiary format
R Thyagarajan says NBFC and bank arms should be allowed to co-exist, calls for separate regulator for NBFCs
In the new product regime, LIC has brought about changes in surrender charges and product structure of traditional policies
Insurance executives said that as long as an option is given to a customer, there is no issue
In the current financial year RBI has twice raised this rate
RBI mandated banks that all new cards must be enabled for both EMV chip and PIN and Aadhaar (biometric validation) acceptance
The discussions have shifted from whether the Reserve Bank of India will increase rates in Wednesday's monetary policy to by how ...
LIC's various popular plans  shall be closed for sale as these are not in conformity with the provisions of new regulations on ...
Cautions about 'unexpected results' that the tapering of US quantitative easing may have
Move comes in the wake of tightening liquidity in the system due to advance tax outflows later this month
Deposit growth improves to 16.11%
Indicates the new licences wouldn't be given out by January, contrary to expectations
Shriram Equipment Finance Company (SEFC) is planning to raise about Rs 150-200 crore from private equity (PE) investors and rope ...
Max Life Insurance on Wednesday launched two life insurance plans, 'Max Life Perfect Partner Super' and 'Max Life Whole Life ...
Affirms local currency, foreign currency deposit rating at "Baa3"
Loan is partially secured because there are securities that have multiple charges to various institutions
Co expects turnaround by March
The bank will be opening 12 new branches in the state by end of financial year 2013-14
The service is only for high-end salary earners
RBI is currently scrutinising various aspects of applications made by 25 entities for new bank licences expected to be given by ...
RBI Governor said the central bank will come out with a discussion paper next week with regard to distressed borrowers and rising ...
Concerned over rising bad loans, the Reserve Bank today said it could consider making future borrowings more expensive for ...
DFS writes to departments that haven't responded to RBI's request for information
RBI is concerned over delays in addressing chargeback issues
Gross non-performing assets amount of top 30 accounts of public sector banks stood at Rs 72,174 crore
Government securities (G-secs) rose on good buying support from banks and companies
Aegon Religare Life Insurance is betting big on the direct insurance channel through the online medium.
In tandem with this ...
Situation will result in banks borrowing more from RBI's Liquidity Adjustment Facility and Marginal Standing Facility
Transferee bank is also required to carry out necessary due diligence independently as required by RBI
Raising of the capital will subject to requisite approvals from the shareholders and the RBI
Bond sales by Chinese companies are down 23% to 1.57 tn yuan this half-to-date compared with the first six months of the year
Small Business Financing Companies (SBFCs) can play a much bigger role in financial inclusion in India provided they are treated ...
MSME Ministry will hold consultations with banks to persuade them to improve the flow of credit to small scale sector
Absence of a standard protocol for treatment has led to lack of uniformity in cost of treatments and there is a need to make ...
State-run lender Canara Bank expects asset quality to improve by 20-30 basis points by March as it focuses on aggressive debt ...
Lower cost of funds gives the lender more loan-pricing power
Health insurance premium is likely to cross Rs 32,038 crore by 2016-17, from Rs 13,092 crore recorded in 2011-12
Clocking a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 20%, India's health insurance premium is likely to cross Rs 32,038 crore by ...
State-owned Dena Bank plans to open its first overseas office in London by the end of this month.
Private player Liberty Videocon General Insurance is looking at more capital infusion from the promoters to remain ...
About 85% of complaints received were related to investments of less than Rs 10,000 each
State Bank of India's internal panel probing allegations of bribery against its Deputy Managing Director (DMD), Shyamal Acharya, ...
Acharya, who headed mid-corporate group for bank, was alleged to have facilitated the sanction of a loan against favours
Mukherjee who have more than 35 years of experience in banking, joined Indian Bank as a probationary officer in 1976
Next tranches will have long duration bonds
Company says it would not conduct any business without getting requisite licence from Irda
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) believes that there is a need to build a robust market in the country to provide an ample ...
Non-convertible debentures (NCD) are turning out to be a favourable debt instrument for microfinance institutions (MFIs), with ...
Income Tax sleuths have been conducting raids in 20 premises of BJP leader, Amarpreet Singh Kale including in Jamshedpur, Ranchi ...
There may not be many takers to RBI's extending deregulated interest rate regime for foreign currency non-resident bank (FCNR-B) ...
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs will hold consultations with the Reserve Bank on the mandatory insurance cover that has been ...
Singapore's central bank has called on financial institutions to tighten up cyber security after a database on elite customers of ...
They are kept high as the scope of delinquency in this business is more
Profits to remain flat due to lower surrender profits and investments on newer channels, says CEO Anup Rau
CD issuances fall due to ample liquidity with banks
State-owned banks may report 30-40% fall in net profit for FY14
Thus, origination and payment stages of policy life cycle would be brought under radar
The currency rose to a 5-week high of 61.54 a dollar during intra-day trade on Thursday & closed at 61.77
Says allegations are factually incorrect, legally untenable
Concerns mainly on regulatory governance and accountability of policy making
Government securities (G-secs) remained bearish on persistent selling pressure from banks and companies.
The 7.16 per cent G-sec ...
In this segment, 74 per cent of the business is with the public sector banks and a substantial portfolio is in SME and corporate ...
Urban co-operative banks, the Regional Rural Banks and the smaller Non Banking Finance Companies should also be brought into the ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said a branch of Bharatiya Mahila Bank, the country's first all-woman bank, would be set up ...
All India Bank Employees' Association (AIBEA) has announced a list of top 50 loan defaulters, mainly the corporate firms, whose ...
State-owned Indian Bank today introduced a special health card for its customers in the city on a pilot-basis, in collaboration ...
Country's largest bank SBI today cautiously welcomed the proposed steps by RBI for banks regarded as too big to fail.
State Bank of India is trying to put an automated system that would minimise the cost on zero balance saving accounts which are ...
Leading private insurer Reliance Life Insurance Company (RLIC) today said it will launch 25 new products beginning next year with ...
SKS Microfinance's single-largest shareholder alleges 'oppression of minority shareholders' and 'mismanagement' in the company
Full year CAD could likely stay in the range of $ 52-55 billion, implying around 2.9%-3.1% of the GDP
Market participants have welcomed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s move to release data on India's current account deficit (CAD) ...
In order to check asset quality in the banking sector, the urban co-operative banks, the regional rural banks (RRBs) and the ...
Canara Bank's gross non performing asset (NPA) in retail has come down to three% from 6.6%, thanks to the scrutiny of loan ...
Stress in the real estate industry is growing
Calling Service Tax Voluntary Compliance Encouragement Scheme (VCES) a rare opportunity to make a "fresh start", Finance Minister ...
India will allow a portion of the country's $80 billion in employee pensions to be invested in a wider array of debt, including ...
An obscure Indian bank has been an unlikely beneficiary of Western sanctions against Iran, handling billions of dollars from ...
Seven honchos met RBI chief last month on hopes of 'near-national' treatment for WOS
Alleges irregularities at the micro-lender's AGM
The insurance company has 917 employees, its gross written premia for Sept stood at Rs 39.1 cr
Interest rate on loans of up to Rs 30 lakh will be 10.5%, while for Rs 30-75 lakh it will be 10.75%
Manipal-headquartered public sector lender Syndicate Bank today decided to raise Rs 200 crore by issuing preferential shares to ...
DBS Bank today said it has appointed Rajesh Prabhu as head of its finance function in India.
Prabhu replaces Yazad Cooper, who ...
In order to strengthen the flow of resources to infrastructure sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to permit ...
Federal Bank today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved the appointment Abraham Koshy as chairman of the bank's ...
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank would raise Rs 330 crore through a qualified institutional placement (QIP) in second quarter ...
After rating customers of Bankers, the Credit Information Bureau (India) Ltd (CIBIL) is now planning to extend its service to ...
Public sector lender, Canara Bank, slashed interest rates on its domestic term and non-resident ordinary (NRO) term deposits with ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to introduce increased capital requirements by 2016 for banks regarded as too big to fail, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday revised its guidelines on the general purpose credit card scheme to ensure greater flow ...
RBI's draft guidelines prescribe that banks with a strong capital base and NPAs below 3% can become brokers
Move aimed to reduce scope of frauds as electronic payment systems are becoming vulnerable to misuse
To disclose names by Aug 2015; foreign banks to be covered too
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has recommended banks set aside up to 2.5 per cent of risk assets as a counter-cyclical ...
An internal panel, constituted by the State Bank of India (SBI) to probe allegations of bribery against its Deputy Managing ...
Banks' overseas borrowings, FCNR (B) swap window fetch $34 bn
The Reserve Bank (RBI) on Monday issued updated guidelines for stress-testing banks, effective from April
The Reserve Bank of India has decided to provide refinance totalling Rs 5,000 crore to the Small Industries Development Bank of ...
The bad loans in PSBs has risen from Rs 39,000 crore in March, 2008, to Rs 1,64,000 crore in March 2013 and the bad loans have ...
The microfinance institutions (MFIs) in India added 2.56 million clients to its portfolio between September 2012 and September ...
State Bank of India , the country's largest lender, will raise up to 95.76 billion rupees through a share sale to institutional ...
Even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has brought out guidelines for banks to become brokers, insurers are not very optimistic. ...
As Bitcoin becomes more popular day by day, regulators are getting worried about potential money laundering risks associated with ...
The RBI may allow up to 74% foreign direct investment in credit information companies
Bharatiya Mahila Bank, the first all-women bank inaugurated last month, expects its business to touch Rs 60,000 crore in the next ...
Apex banking lobby Indian Banks' Association (IBA) has appointed Mohan V Tanksale as its chief executive
Insurance companies can now settle their inter-company balances in a quicker and easier manner, thanks to the Insurance Clearing ...
Debit card holders will from tomorrow be required to punch in their PIN numbers every time they use the card, a move aimed at ...
Life insurance companies are literally on a 'war-footing' to ensure that customer grievances are addressed on time and the total ...
Bajaj Auto fears adverse impact on its exclusive loan deal with Bajaj Finance
These securities will be eligible as collateral for loans from banks, financial institutions and NBFCs
Once the product is redeemed, there will be a tax of 10% without indexation and 20% with indexation (tax rate on debt instruments ...
Banks will be allowed to conduct insurance broking departmentally; there is no need to form a subsidiary or a joint venture
Most of the banks currently credit the interest accrued on the savings accounts every six months
AIBEA alleged bad loans worth Rs 1,41,295 cr had been written off during 2007 to 2013 and most of these were in the favour of big ...
Reserve Bank of India today said it may allow higher foreign direct Investment (up to 74%) in Credit Information Companies (CICs) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to launch Inflation Indexed National Savings Securities-Cumulative (IINSS-C) for ...
'I think this whole fear of decision making has set in now.
It is in the entire ecosystem'
Hopes are rising RBI could further remove emergency cash-tightening measures set over the summer as the rupee stabilises.
The Offices of the Insurance Ombudsman across the country have seen a steady increase in the number of complaints registered ...
Deliberations on the subject are on with RBI fully engaged in the process, says Economic Affairs Secy Arvind Mayaram
RBI swap windows led to rise in liquidity
Non-life insurer's maiden yearbook says this year it has gone up 0.73 as a % of GDP
RBI had permitted the bank to carry out private dealer business in India in May, 2008
Analysts say these two being new instruments, banks will first like to tap global market that has deep, mature bond segment
Study says that private sector players have maintained a higher growth rate compared to their PSU peers
Return on equity of the company has turned negative since the last 2 years as the company is making huge losses on a consolidated ...
The study also indicates that credit card penetration is very high in Ahmedabad as compared to other cities in the country
Health Insurance companies today told the Bombay High Court that it would be difficult to introduce pre-packaged compensation for ...
The All India Bank Employees' Association (AIBEA) is planning to observe December 5, 2013, as All India Day, demanding a remedy ...
Bharatiya Mahila Bank, the first all-woman bank, plans to open 16 more branches in the next four months
M&A (merger and acquisition) transactions in the Indian banking space may no longer be driven by the need to expand branch ...
The Tata Group has called off its plans to set up a bank by withdrawing its licence application.
They follow Value Industries ...
Some Indian banks are looking to issue bonds in overseas markets to raise capital under Basel III guidelines, a senior central ...
General insurance penetration, expressed as a percentage of Gross Domestic Product (GDP), has moved from 0.70 in 2011-12 to 0.73 ...
Feels the current financial services model best suits group's needs
Banks are  free to decide whether to adopt Aadhaar as an additional authentication factor or shift to the Europay, MasterCard and ...
Tthe insurance company is seeing 30% growth in first year premiumss.
In the use-and-file regime, an insurer has to adhere to the standardised norms and later send information on the product to the ...
There were a total of 78,927 registered non-life complaints for 2012-13, compared to 93,155 complaints in 2011-12
Banks had raised lending rates after RBI hiked repo rate by 25 bps in the second quarter review of monetary policy held on Oct 29
The lender had made a profit of Rs 610.6 crore in the first half of this financial year
However, bottom 120 districts have average of 0.7 agent licenses per thousand people
Total number of transactions through mobile banking grew by 29% to 7,169,429 in Sept from 5,554,327 in Jan 2013
CBI court extends custody of ex-executive Kumarah till Saturday
Irda fixed the provisioning for motor third-party declined risk pool at 210 per cent for the previous financial year.
The ...
Institution cautions that the bond will be little expensive because of hedging costs involved in issuing debt in rupee
A woman was attacked by an unknown assailant armed with machete when she entered an unmanned ATM centre in Bangalore last week
Bank has launched the 90th Nextgen branch and expects to transform at least 250 existing branches
A special CBI court here today extended the custody of K K Kumarah, ex SBI executive, till November 30 in an alleged graft case
Redington (India) Ltd promoters have decided to take over majority stake in the company's non banking finance subsidiary ...
The CBI has raided their homes and the State Bank of India has initiated an internal enquiry into the bribery charges leveled by ...
Wholly-owned subsidiaries to be exempt from capital gains tax, stamp duty
According to RBI, this would ensure effective monitoring of the functioning of NBFC-MFIs
According to RBI's recent report, priority sector credit had risen in 2012-13, against a drop in overall growth
Number of self help groups linked to banks has also shown a decline
General insurers bracing up with high losses from motor segment, especially from third party mandatory motor insurance segment
Bank has already opened accounts for around 160 beggars in Lucknow under the relaxed KYC norms of the RBI
In order to ensure security in card- based payment transactions taking place at point of sale (POS) terminals or at ATMs, the ...
The Reserve Bank today said that conversion of existing foreign bank branches into wholly owned subsidiaries in India will ...
Taking financial inclusion to another level, HCBL Cooperative Bank has started opening the accounts of beggars to benefit the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today clarified that foreign banks opting for subsidiarisation here will not have to pay capital ...
The Meghalaya government today sought Rs 50,000 crore from the 14th Finance Commission to meet non-plan expenditure and give a ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday allowed banks to treat loans given to medium manufacturing enterprises after November 13 as ...
General insurance companies have incurred total claims worth Rs 17,589.44 crore in the motor segment for the financial year ...
Rating agency India Ratings said Hinduja Leyland Finance Ltd (HLF) may see rise in non-performing loans (NPLs) in industry-wide ...
CBI accuses deputy MD of taking Rs 15 lakh as bribe on Rs 75-cr loan; bank sets up probe panel, sends him on leave
Crop damage due to cyclones to lead to increase in loss ratios of the company
This will help identify charges for different procedures in different hospitals, says T S Vijayan
Yield movement currently impacted due to movement of rupee against dollar
The Reserve Bank announced the swap windows for foreign currency non-resident (bank) deposits and overseas borrowings by banks on ...
Flags concern on weak asset quality; Outlook negative
The bonds will be aimed at protecting the savings of retail investors from the impact of price rise
Largest general insurer New India Assurance today said it has come up with a combination product for lower income groups that ...
In its bid to help identify hospitals and collect information regarding various charges imposed by them on different medical ...
Federal Bank today said Grace Elizabeth Koshie has joined its board as a director.
Koshie, who headed the foreign exchange ...
The deadline for concessional swap facility to get foreign currency non-resident (bank), or FCNR (B), deposits remains open till ...
Weather insurance may see 100% loss ratios this year, owing to the Cyclone Phailin that hit the coast of Orissa and Andhra ...
Currently, the spread is 36 basis points
The rupee is expected to weaken further this week due to month-end dollar demand from importers.Tracking the movement of the ...
The All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) has opposed the RBI move to grant banking licenses to private entities and ...
A majority of the infra financing is presently being done by  banks, who do not have access to long-term money
Swiss banks expect a significant decline in quantum of foreign money managed by them going forward, as Switzerland has agreed to ...
Curently most infra projects are financed with 8-10 year term loans while assets will have useful life of 25 years and beyond
To enter remittance segment to tap NRIs in Australia, New Zeland
But it'll remain open only to those banks negotiating loans or close to closing them
Bank's total capital adequacy ratio was at 9.72% as of the July-September quarter
UFBU deliberated at length about the anti-people policies of the govt and decided to launch a one-day country-wide token strike
India's largest insurance company has decided to stop selling as many as 14 policies, including Jeevan Mitra and Anmol Jeevan
Rupee ended at Rs 62.83 compared with previous clsoe of Rs 62.94 per dollar
RBI said on Friday the FII holding in Axis Bank has reached trigger limit due to which further purchases will need RBI's ...
The Reserve Banks of India has given a leeway to those banks which are currently negotiating with international/multilateral ...
Interest at the rate of 1.44% per annum will accrue on the indexed principal value of the bonds from the date of original issue
Country's insurance giant Life Insurance Corporation has decided to stop selling as many as 14 policies, including Jeevan Mitra ...
RBI says capital deterioration in govt banks a concern; sees room for stake sale
Will help ensure flow of credit to productive sectors of the economy
Panel on monetary policy wanted a rise of 25 basis points in repo rate and a cut in MSF rate by the same amount
Banks to take a haircut if government allows one-time settlement
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to extend the ambit of its policy on 'Treating Customers Fairly' (TCF) beyond banking ...
There was a 50 per cent rise in banks' doubtful assets - loans  unpaid for 18 months - to Rs 90,000 crore at end-March 2013 from ...
Double digit growth in ATMs driven primarily by private sector banks
The banking sector also needs to match-up to the likely acceleration in the credit to GDP ratio as the economy expands, according ...
A top banking association has demanded amendments in relevant laws to speed up recovery of bad loans amounting to Rs 1,64,000 ...
The elongated economic slowdown has taken its toll on asset quality of banks.
More worrisome part is about 50% rise in doubtful ...
SKS Microfinance Limited, the only listed microfinance institution (MFI) in the country, has stated the Reserve Bank of India ...
Private insurer Aviva India today launched new online term plan 'i- Life Secure' with built-in income protection for 15 years.
'Insurance Clearing House' proposed by Irda to aid this process
Subsidiary route may not give branch expansion freedom to many like Citi, StanChart and HSBC
The central bank had announced such schemes to boost sentiment in the foreign exchange market and attract dollar 
flows. It is ...
The bank is present in various African countries, including Nigeria, as well as in the UK, Dubai, Australia and China
The bond is IFC's first rupee issuance, and the first bond issued under its $1 billion offshore rupee bond program
The Reserve Bank of India  (RBI) has appealed to all the non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to participate in the Lok Adalat ...
General insurance companies have sought approval from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) to increase the ...
The central bank under Zhou Xiaochuan has consistently flagged its intention to liberalise financial markets and allow the yuan ...
Visible shift from earlier practice where focus of most impact funds was on funding micro finance institutions
The lenders are a consortium of ten banks led by Axis Bank
The Reserve Bank today asked all the non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) to participate in the Lok Adalat on November 23 for ...
South Africa's FirstRand Bank may emerge as the maiden foreign lender to adopt the wholly-owned subsidiary route after Reserve ...
Creating subsidiaries in India may not necessarily ensure near-national treatment in branch expansion for all foreign banks
Doubts remain over objective in achieving women empowerment
The Supreme Court has asked the authorities to reply to the notices within four weeks
The yield on the 10-year benchmark at Tuesday's close was nine per cent
From business conglomerates to micro lenders had applied.
New bank licences are being awarded after more than a decade
PSBs will be subvented to the extent of difference between the Weighted Average Interest charged and 7% subject to the maximum ...
US-headquartered firm aims to bag more mandates in India
There are 12 mn Bitcoins in circulation, according to Bitcoincharts, a website that tracks activity across various exchanges
The bank said the money was raised yesterday as part of its $5 billion medium term note programme
Indian Overseas Bank is planning to allot 22,97,53,015 equity shares on a preferential basis to the Government of India ...
Union finance minister P Chidambaram said the sharp rise in yield on the government bonds, driven by high inflation, was a ...
Rs 1 lakh cr written off by Indian banks in the last 13 years.
Indian banking system needs to be fixed
7 things to know about India's first women's bank
About 12 other lenders with combined exposure of Rs 1,200 cr likely to follow
Other government bonds hog the limelight, with the 8.28% 2027 security recording the highest trading volume
Asset quality to continue deteriorating, particularly for public sector banks
He said over 95% of such write-offs have been observed in the case of big accounts
Big variations in how major European Union banks do their accounts can leave investors guessing over their financial health and ...
Commission has said government should ensure that no publicity of the bank opening be done in poll-bound states
Indian parents' outlook towards giving money to their kids is unlike parents in the West, who treat pocket money as a reward for ...
As on September 2013, the bank reported a profit of around Rs 49 cr and plans to reach Rs 100 cr profit by the end of this ...
The State Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) had advised the banks to open at least 1000 branches in 2013-14
India's second largest lender, ICICI Bank has hit the overseas bond market with a benchmark issue on Monday
Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company Limited, a joint venture between the US based global health service leader, Cigna Corporation, ...
The RBI said it would offer Rs 5,000 crore to Small Industrial Development Bank of India (SIDBI) as liquidity support for micro ...
The largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today hit the overseas bond market with a benchmark 5.5-year issue at an initial ...
State-owned Dena Bank has lowered its loan growth
target to 15-16% from the earlier estimate of 18% due to slow economic growth.
In the entire 2012-13, Indian companies had raked in a staggering Rs 3.5 lakh crore, the highest in 12 years
However, ICICI Prudential, HDFC Standard Life and SBI Life, witnessed a decline in premium collection during the April- Sept ...
IIrda extended deadline for implementation of new individual product regulations for life insurance industry by three months to ...
Banks and financial institutions have a total exposure of Rs 1,800 crore to the project
The banking system's slippage to recovery and upgradation ratio has shot up to 257 as of March 2013 from 217 in March 2011 as ...
Yield on the 10-year government bond is likely to soften below 9% on hope that Reserve Bank will conduct more open market ...
Says retro debt recast killed credit quality; loan loss ratio slips below 50%
Out of the targeted Rs 17,135.48 crore credit offtake set for the fiscal, banks have already advanced Rs 14,541.16 crore till ...
Stating that the overall asset restructuring in the banking system has touched Rs 3.25 lakh crore as of June, RBI Executive ...
Measures in next few weeks to ensure fair recovery of distressed loans; Rajan keeps market guessing on rate cut
According to Chidambaram, quality of banking, products is the next challenge that the industry is facing
Govt to inject Rs 2,000 cr capital in the bank in 2013-14
IOB's gross non-performing asset ratio at the end of September, 2013 was 4.65%, while its net bad loan ratio was 2.83%
Bank hopes to complete sell process by January end or early February
Assets of non-bank financial intermediaries grew by $5 trillion in 2012 to reach $71 trillion
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan warned against a return to protectionist industrial policies at BANCON 2013
Moody's Investors Service cut its ratings on four of the biggest US banks after deciding the government would be less likely to ...
From their desks at some of the world's biggest banks, traders exchanged a series of instant messages that earned them the ...
It wasn't just interest rates and new bank licences that dominated the BANCON 2013
Good evening.
I thank the organisers for inviting me.
These are challenging times for the Indian economy, but I have dwelt on ...
The loan has a maturity of 10 years and carries a competitive rate of interest
Awarding of licences may take longer than January deadline set by Rajan
Share of top 10 banks in net NPAs has come down to 67.8% in Sept
Bringing a cheer to the life insurance industry, data for the new business premium collection for April to September period for ...
The yields on the government bonds hardened across tenures after the inflation, measured by Wholesale Price Index, for October ...
State Bank of Mysore today said it has increased base rate by 0.1% to 10.25%, to be effected later this week.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi will inaugurate country's first all-women Bharatiya Mahila Bank in ...
Aviva India today announced the launch of Aviva Next Innings, a new age pension plan.
In addition to the life cover, this plan
...
Raghuram Rajan tried to pacify currency markets by giving yoga lessons on deep breathing in his statement where he said that ...
Equity mutual funds investing in small and mid-cap stocks have increased their cash exposure by over 4% since the beginning of ...
Net profit slumps 35%, but stock gains as pace of bad loan growth slows
SBI saw the highest growth in NPAs, at Rs 3,314 cr, followed by Rs 2,284 cr for United Bank of India.
Punjab National Bank's NPAs ...
Puts associate bank consolidation on backburner
India will have to relax FII limit in its G-Secs
In order to contain bad debts, the Finance Ministry has advised public sector banks to take a tough stand while sanctioning fresh ...
As former RBI governor Bimal Jalan-headed committee  is scrutinizing applications for new bank licenses, his predecessor C ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan said on Wednesday that the Current Account Deficit (CAD) in the current ...
CEOs of leading banks say third straight rate hike by RBI inevitable, though not desirable
Bank has got the board's nod for preferential allotment of equity shares
Any dilution in govt's stance on equity injection due to fiscal pressures could have an immediate impact on the ratings of weak ...
Study shows 34,000 branches vulnerable as Windows XP penetration in Indian banks at 40-70%
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has advised all Non-Banking Finance Companies (NBFCs) to file and register the records of all ...
The finance ministry's plans to launch branches of first women's bank in three Assembly election-bound states may have taken a ...
The Reserve Bank must allow flexibility in borrowing through bonds and Medium Term Notes (MTN) for Indian banks with strong ...
Deposit flows cross $10-billion mark; flow highest in NRE deposits at $4.87 bn
In November the RBI is auctioning government bonds for a notified amount of Rs 75,000 crore
They are now offering incentives and lesser penalties for customers who have missed out on paying their premiums on time
The swap window is open till November 30
To raise Rs 2,500 crore capital this fiscal
Irda recently announced new set of regulations for products in life space; deadline for compliance was Oct 1, 2013
MSME portfolio presently comprises 36% of its loan book, and the bank aims to increase this to 50% over the next 5 yrs
Gold prices dipped below Rs 31,000 mark by falling Rs 350 to Rs 30,900 per ten grams after nearly one month in the national ...
Says licensing of new banks should be a continuous process instead of the current stop-go system
RBI is granting new bank licences for the first time in about a decade and preliminary screening process is underway for 26 ...
The new banking entrants will ensure more competition in the market and ultimately, will provide benefit to the consumers
Aviation insurance is likely to emerge as a key growth area in the coming years with new airlines starting operations and ...
Multi-brand automotive sales and service provider Carnation Auto is scaling up insurance broking business through its separate ...
Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) Bank today said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 increased by 12.3% from a ...
United Bank of India (UBI) today said it incurred a loss of Rs 489.5 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 as provisions ...
The Stability Fund was established in October 2008 as part of measures to stabilise UBS and bolster the Swiss financial system
The rate revision by banks follows the RBI raising the repo rate 0.25 per cent
Foreign banks with 20 or more branches anyway obliged to comply with broad and sub-targets under PSL, and have until FY18 to do
Provisioning surges as asset quality dips, loan growth disappoints; analysts likely to cut year's earnings estimates
Current limit for states inclusive of union territory of Puducherry at Rs 10,240 crore for year 2013-14
Total income registers growth of 8% to Rs 4,078 cr
Rating agency Fitch today said the Reserve Bank's recent wholly-owned subsidiary (WOS) guidelines for foreign banks will not ...
City Union Bank (CUB) has reported a 5% increase in its net profit at Rs 84.35 crore during the second quarter as against Rs ...
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) today reported a 52.56% drop in net profit to Rs 505.49 crore for the quarter ended ...
India's first women bank, Bhartiya Mahila Bank, will be launched by Finance Minister P Chidambaram on 19 November from Mumbai and ...
Stamp duty relaxation does not find any mention in central bank's framework for setting up a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
To aid economic recovery, loans to be offered at low interest rates
The memoranda of understanding (MoUs) provided a formal, yet legally non-binding, channel for information exchange between the ...
Ashwini Kumar may move to BoB; Six EDs identified to fill up vacancies in FY15
Says strong profitability, capital buffers will help the banks sustain credit quality
The company has reported a premium of Rs 4,768 crore for the half year ended September 30, 2013
Total business moved to Rs 1,58,832 crore, up 19.28 per cent, from Rs 1,33,162 crore last year
Country's largest general insurer New India Assurance has earned around Rs 42 crore in premium so far this fiscal by providing ...
As regulators prepare final norms to check mis-selling of third party financial products by bank employees, some banking majors ...
The finance ministry has shortlisted the names of executive directors who are likely to head public sector banks in 2014-15. Six ...
RBI's caveats: Curbs come in place if foreign banks exceed 20% of banking system's capital & reserves; half the directors ...
SBI, HDFC Bank raise base rates by 0.2% each
The central bank had introduced this window in early September to check volatility in the rupee against the dollar
The money will be used by the bank to increase its exposure to MSMEs
Reserve Bank of India has pulled up banks for failing to issue TDS certificates in form 16A in time
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked non banking finance companies to migrate towards accepting cheques which are compliant with ...
As big ticket investors have put their projects on hold, Dena bank has said it would focus more on retail, SME and farm sector in ...
SBI General Insurance today said it has seen a healthy 83% growth in premium income to Rs 540.93 crore in the first half of the ...
After largest lender State Bank of India and second largest private sector bank HDFC Bank raised their minimum lending rate (base ...
Life Insurance Corp of India has appointed Sunita Sharma as the new managing director and chief executive director of its ...
State Bank of India has raised its base rate by 20 basis points to 10 percent per annum from 9.80 percent per annum, the ...
Short-term rates move towards repo level, CP issuances set to get a boost
Officials of the finance ministry and RBI would discuss the swap arrangement for the interest portion
60,000 new customers now transact at ICICI Bank's electronic branches every month
Considering the lumpiness of the loan book and a weak business environment, delinquencies could continue to increase and be ...
Data on the CARs differ according to whether PSBs have gone by Basel-II or Basel-III norms
Deutsche Bank AG co-Chief Executive Officer Juergen Fitschen, already facing a tax evasion case, was added to suspects in a probe ...
According to currency dealers, even if it weakens initially at the start of the week, as the week proceeds the bias will shift ...
Allahabad Bank has increased interest rates on domestic term deposits of different maturities below Rs 1 crore by 50-120 basis ...
Buzz is getting louder that the former banker is in line to be RBI deputy governor
RBI's swap windows have boosted foreign inflows over the past two months
RBI is checking the primary eligibility of the 26 applicants.
Once the process is completed, comments will be passed on to the ...
Usha Sangwan appointed MD, along with V K Sharma
SDRs rose by $13.7 mn to $4.47 bn, while India's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund was up by $6.9 mn to $2.21 ...
With the revision, term deposit between 180 days to 1 year would earn 9% against existing 8.50%
The capital adequacy ratios of public sector banks in the country continue to shrink following a pick-up in credit demand and ...
A high-level advisory committee screening applications for setting up new private banks is having its first meeting at the ...
Higher provisions cap state-run lenders' earnings growth in Q2
But hikes 180-210 day deposits by 20 bps; other banks maintains status quo
CMD says bank was not sure if a non-banking finance company such as WBIDFC can raise public deposits through banks
Hits $6.5 bn mark in H1, to set new record of $8.5 bn this year
Days after RBI hiked short-term lending (repo) rate by 0.25%, State Bank of India (SBI) today raised fixed deposit rate by 0.2% ...
Bank of Baroda today reported Q2 net at Rs 1,168 crore, a loss of 10.22%.
Currently, foreign lenders are present in India only through branches or representative offices
RBI digs out more info on promoters to vet 'fit & proper'
Says RBI may have done enough on rate hikes
Bank has already received board approval to raise Rs 1,500 cr either through QIP or rights issue
Bank says they are making all efforts to take MSME advances' share to 16% by March 2014
Official says these literacy camps will give participants conceptual understanding of financial products and services
Bank says it will not be accepting deposits from public  under state's 'Safe Savings Scheme'
Aam Admi Bima Yojana provides insurance to earning members of rural landless families; LIC has covered 4.8 million beneficiaries ...
The central bank may have done enough on rate hikes but will need to monitor the economy, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram ...
Joining banks in naming and shaming wilful loan defaulters, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) have also begun publishing ...
Central bank will offer near-national treatment to foreign lenders opting for subsidiarisation
A delegation of European Parliamentarians of the International Trade Committee today pushed the Indian government to pass the ...
With aim to improve quality of consumer service and protection, Reserve Bank of India will issue norms for providing public ...
The Credit Deposit Ratio (CDR) of commercial banks in Uttar Pradesh has continued its upward spiral over the last three years
As the RBI increased the repo rate by 25 basis points in its second quarter review, the Finance Ministry chose to remain silent
RBI in its monetary policy review today hiked the repo rate by 25
bps to 7.75%. The MSF rate was cut by 25
bps to 9.25%.
A new law being drafted to regulate microfinance entities has hit a jam.
According to a report by CNBC TV18, the RBI, which was ...
The central bank may raise repo rate by 25 bps, sees modest growth in second half of this fiscal
RBI said banks should ensure better credit management practices while extending loans and keep a watch on their asset quality
As per new guidelines, candidate needs to complete one year as executive director to become eligible for chairman and managing ...
Fail to address economic credit challenges; Benefits to last for short period
Industrial Outlook Survey reflected weak business sentiment and further moderation expected ahead
Shares of gold loan companies gained around five per cent on Monday, amid talks that the Reserve Bank of India may relax norms ...
Most expect the central bank not to begin withdrawing the stimulus until March 2014
Stress is on converting short term loans to medium term loans at 5% pa, 2% pa for farmers
The capital markets regulator Sebi today pitched for tax incentives to woo investors into the proposed real estate investment ...
To attract home loan borrowers but say these are quite unlike RBI's disliked teaser offerings
New deposits stood at Rs 209 cr in H1 as against Rs 167 cr in the same period last year
Customer assets (including advances) grew 14.2% to Rs 34,971 cr at the end of Sept 2013
LIC Nomura Mutual Fund, the MF arm of the nation's largest financial entity, may look at inorganic growth route to emerge as a ...
Leading private sector insurer Reliance Life Insurance says it is focussing on traditional products and agent productivity to ...
Gearing up to issue new bank licences, RBI has shot off detailed queries to over two dozen applicants and various regulators in ...
Keen to push insurance sector reforms, the UPA government is contemplating a proposal under which the FDI cap in insurance sector ...
Rules out plan to take World Bank loan for equity infusion
The recent volatility in Indian rupee has adversely affected businesses thereby pushing many to losses.
The gravity of the ...
Indian expatriates have topped the charts worldwide for being the top remitters for the developing world, a new World Bank report ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has appointed an auditor for a special audit of the book of accounts and transactions of First ...
RBI data shows credit cards outstanding grew 2.1% in September compared with 21.8% a year ago
Higher interest income, better margins; NPAs still a challenge; total advances rise 16%
But analysts believe PSBs will be worse hit and will report higher MTM losses plus a rise in restructured assets
India's foreign exchange reserves shot up for a third week in a row, adding a healthy $1.9 billion to touch $281.12 billion in ...
Private insurer Birla Sun Life Insurance launched a life insurance plan today, called the Vision LifeSecure Plan which offers a ...
Federal Bank today clarified that no formal approval has been received from FIPB on foreign investment in the Bank as reported ...
Wary of rupee volatility, RBI may not make an announcement
Experts expect the rupee to have a stable-to-positive bias over the near term-likely at 61/$ through the next 3-6 months
Similar arrangement on cards for pension schemes, says Nilekani
The approval would be subject to certain norms-these branches should be fully computerised
A nine-member group headed by Umesh Bellur - professor at IIT Bombay - will submit its report by Dec end
The proposal was approved by FIPB, headed by Economic Affairs Secretary Arvind Mayaram
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) to ensure that the service providers (including another ...
Anticipating an adverse impact of rise in bad loans on credit profile, rating agency Crisil has downgraded rating on Allahabad ...
Country's second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank today raised $500 million from an overseas bond sale programme as part ...
Private sector lender Federal Bank today got FIPB approval for hiking foreign shareholding limit in the bank to 74%.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will work towards reducing the time taken for assessment of loss and ...
Bank of America (BoA) has been found liable for civil fraud for selling defective mortgages.The ruling is said to be a major ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a consolidated net of Rs 583 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 as compared to Rs ...
Anticipating an adverse impact of rise in bad loans on credit profile, rating agency CRISIL has downgraded the rating for ...
Banks could raise another Rs 10,000 crore from the market depending on their requirements
S&P assigned a 'BBB-' rating to the bank's proposed issue
Report says infrastructure-related segments, metals and mining, commercial real estate and construction-related sectors will ...
Electronic benefit transfer (EBT) scheme is being implemented in seven districts on a pilot basis under the terms of a MoU ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), India's largest domestic institutional investor, increased its holdings in banking stocks in ...
The Finance Ministry today decided to pump in Rs 2,000 crore in State Bank of India and Rs 1,800 crore each in IDBI Bank and ...
The government Wednesday said it will infuse Rs.14,000 crore equity capital in 20 public sector banks during the current ...
HSBC has terminated an agreement to sell its banking business in Pakistan after failing to get regulatory approval, the bank said ...
Going bullish on the country's only listed microfinance player, foreign investors have hiked their stake in SKS Microfinance to ...
India trimmed its exposure to US government securities to USD 57 billion in August, the lowest in four months, amid persistent ...
Even after RBI's 50 bps reduction in MSF, cost of funds remains high for banks to offer fresh cuts in loan interest rates
NPCI calls bids to cover all card based transactions carried on NFS where point of compromise or dispute is on NFS ATM network
Says loan disbursals reject theory of gloom and doom
Need capital injection worth Rs 5,500 cr
Bank giving special offers on housing loans, assistance for searching properties
General insurers are leaving no stone unturned to build premium volumes.
To attract more customers, heavy discounts are being ...
An industry poll conducted by RBS India on Tuesday said a majority expect Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan to ...
Bank has been progressing on sound financials, and registered biz level of Rs 3,46,000 cr with 33 mn customers as on Sept 30
Phailin along with floods triggered by it have claimed more than 40 lives
In the state development loans auction held on Tuesday, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) rejected all bids for Gujarat.
The ...
The Finance Ministry today finalised the Rs 14,000-crore capital infusion plan for PSU banks to augment their capital base and ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will take a decision on raising fund through qualified institutional placement (QIP) in a ...
Madras High Court has held that the Motor Accident Claims Tribunal was not a regular court and it was expected to adopt a ...
The Bombay High Court today issued notices to 25 non-life insurance companies on a PIL seeking pre-packaged compensation for 42 ...
Terming the proposal to set up Post Banks as a "game changer", industry body Assocham today said the transition will push ...
Retail banks across the world are increasingly investing in innovation as a means of generating revenue and controlling costs ...
In the backdrop of the Saradha-like illegal ponzi schemes in the state, the West Bengal governtment's proposed alternative of a ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked public-sector banks to set up a vertical under an officer of the rank of branch ...
Concerned over defaults by big borrowers, Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the government is monitoring the top 30 NPA ...
Amid slowing economy, Finance Minister P Chidambaram will review public sector banks' performance today to assess whether credit ...
The swaps shall be available at a rate of a 100 bps below the market rate, RBI had said
Earlier, Irda had earlier informed insurers that letter issued by UIDAI containing details of name, address and Aadhaar number ...
Wants easier monetary policy, affordable credit for SMEs, exports and infrastructure, among others
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) told banks that extension counters, satellite offices, mobile branches, Central Processing ...
Bank Internasional Indonesia (BII) a member of the Maybank Group, today officially launched its first branch in Mumbai, extending ...
With the recovery in macro economy, banks across the globe are increasing their spending on innovation in an attempt to generate ...
mfR1 said to be highest grading awarded by Crisil under its 8-point scale designed for evaluating operations of MFIs
Public sector general insurers --- New India Assurance, Oriental Insurance, United India Insurance and National Insurance ---- ...
Meet to review progress on lending, impact of recent rate cuts and what is being done on NPAs, among other things
Currency dealers see the rupee trading in the range of 60.80 and 61.90 this week and the bias is towards strengthening
New ratings on par with rating for its owner govt's (Baa3 stable) foreign currency bonds
Small & medium enterprises prefer simpler products with small cover size
RTGS system used to settle interbank fund transfers by banks and their customers
Shah to replace Manish Chokhani
LC preferred by traders as it allows seller to receive payments immediately after goods are shipped
NRI businessman M A Yusuffali has acquired 4.99% share in Kerala-based Dhanalaxmi Bank after purchasing stakes in two other ...
Faced with shortage of warehouse facilities for agriculture products, Maharashtra stands to gain from the new loan scheme of ...
Interest rate futures would help banks and financial firms in the country assess expectations for borrowing costs and hedge the ...
CMS Info Systems, a cash management services company, has won a contract from State Bank of India (SBI) to deploy more than 7,850 ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has reported a 30.93% increase in net profit at Rs 127 crore in the second quarter of ...
As of June, sum insured stood at Rs 35k crore while gross loan portfolio was Rs 21k crore
Company has high debt; they are looking at number of options including equity raising
Experts hope for a stable rupee in near-term
With e-KYC you can actually do an online account opening in a bank which will be much more simpler, says Sumant Kathpalia, head, ...
CAMS Insurance Repository is a licensed provider of digitised policies
GIC Re is the proposed manager of the pool, which will have an initial corpus of Rs 1,050 crore
ECB may find itself walking a fine line as European banking union remains incomplete
Posts higher margin, interest income; bad loans rise during September quarter
The design of these notes to be issued now is similar in all respects to the Rs 10 Banknotes in Mahatma Gandhi Series
Say, they do not have adequate data to provide insurance
Bajaj Finserv posted 27.5% y-o-y growth in consolidated net profit to Rs 276 cr for Q2
Few experts believe the currency is headed towards weakening
Have begun small steps on that front, says CMD A K Roy
A life and non-life company would tie-up with each other to sell the product
Banks' loan and deposit growth has been slower so far in the current fiscal year than the Reserve Bank of India's full-year ...
Raise share of low cost deposits, control slippages, improve asset quality
Says low penetration levels of insurance cause of concern
The loan book of India is 2.4% of the total advances of the global bank
Bank's Q2 net up 27% to Rs 1,982 cr, other income jumps 25%
Company's consolidated gross revenue up by 9% to Rs 4,056 cr in the July-September quarter
Private sector lender HDFC Bank today reported 27.1% jump in net profit to Rs 1982.3 crore for the July-September quarter.
Survarna Saha, a domestic help, is hardly known beyond her neighborhood in one of the lesser known localities of Kolkata.
Till ...
Losses to be well below Rs 100 crore, say insurers
The bank's total income increased 19% to Rs 2,435 crore
New rates on home loans are applicable up to November 30
Insurance companies are revisiting their product distribution strategies, in order to spruce by the sale of their policies
Could Raghuram Rajan's announcement on letting foreign banks enter India in a bigger way, be easier said than done?
At a time ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance (BSLI) today announced the launch of a participating traditional plan, BSLI Savings Plan, with ...
IndusInd Bank's net profit came it at Rs 330 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 as compared to Rs 250 crore for the ...
Euro zone countries will consider on Monday how to pay for the repair of their broken banks after health checks next year that ...
Even one of the largest global banks could be taken apart safely by US government authorities if it were to fail today, according ...
Three of the world's most powerful bankers warned of terrible consequences if the US defaults on its debt, with Deutsche Bank ...
Canada's Toronto-Dominion Bank is considering an 8 billion pound ($12.76 billion) bid for Royal Bank of Scotland's American ...
The total premium collected by general and life insurance industry stood at Rs 3.75 lakh crore last year
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan says policy on foreign banks will come out soon
The move comes amid reports that the country will continue to top the remittances market this year as well
J&K Bank is targeting to grow its post-tax profit by 25 % to Rs 1,300 crore this fiscal despite the economic gloom and ...
Industries, operating plants adequately covered, say insurers
The US Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation of possible manipulation of the $5.3 trillion-a-day foreign ...
Non-life insurers cede 5% risks compulsorily to the reinsurer
Appreciation due to talks in US failed to reach an agreement to end budget crisis there
Asks life insurers to have underwriting policy to determine eligibility
Asset quality, earnings profile to remain under stress
Exports are stronger, agricultural production is improving, and the nation is tackling medium-run challenges: Rajan
The RTGS system would process transactions such as inter-institutional/inter-bank transactions
Cut-off rate set by RBI was 8.80% and range of bids received were 7.60-8.96%
Gold is the most expensive non-essential import for India
Indian government bonds fell on Friday on profit-booking but still managed to book their biggest weekly gain in a month as ...
The recent financial stress in India had contributed to greater vulnerability of corporate and bank balance sheets and a further ...
Interest rate on consumer durables for salaried class has been slashed by 220 basis points to 12.50% per annum
Opens regional office in Hyderabad
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank has raised $500 million (around Rs 3,050 crore) through the issue of senior ...
In view of the severe cyclonic storm 'Phailin' that is set to hit the coast of south Odisha by Saturday evening, the state ...
State-owned Corporation Bank today reduced interest rates on home, auto and consumer durables loans by up to 1.75% to cash in on ...
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) today suggested that market regulator Sebi could look at considering the consent ...
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) expects to come out with its rupee linked bonds issue before the end of 2013 as a ...
These fill the need for higher return and security for idle funds
Rupee had weakened significantly in August due to dollar demand
Yield on 10-year benchmark govt bond 7.16% 2023 had ended at 7.44% on end-June, while it stands at 8.42%
There is a higher incidence of preventive health checks among the insured population
IFC will issue rupee-linked bonds and use the proceeds to finance private sector investment in the country
Central bank sasy such borrowings shall be eligible for concessional swap facility of RBI
May ease some restrictions on foreign inflows
All government employees who have salary accounts with Andhra bank will be offered one-month net salary as loan
Service charges have also been slashed by 50 per cent on all housing loans and vehicle loans
HC asks SBI to deposit the federation association's subscription amount into its system suspense account and credit it in favour ...
Future Generali India Life Insurance has launched Future Generali Pearls Guarantee, a non-linked, non-participating life ...
Finance Ministry is considering additional capital infusion of Rs 4-5,000 crore in public sector banks for extending cheaper ...
Perturbed over rising NPAs(Non Performing Assets) of financial institutions especially in the realty sector, Chandigarh-based ...
IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, has launched a $1 billion offshore bond program-the largest of its kind in the offshore ...
Reserve Bank of India [RBI] has announced the constitution of  a technical committee on mobile banking to examine the ...
SBI, Dena, Corporation Bank do so for consumer durables & two-wheelers; however, worry remains on credit standards
RBI deputy governor says there is separate panel that will screen applications put in by aspirants
The panel will conduct a study of the challenges in mobile banking
The regulator has expanded the definition of 'key persons' to include the posts of 'compliance officer' and 'chief risk officer' ...
The PSU banks have put up only 5,726 ATMs by end of August as against the target to install 34,668 by the end of March 2014
The National Payments Corporation of India launched two new services on Wednesday, an Aadhaar-based Remittance Service (ABRS) and ...
IDFC Alternatives was eyeing a 10% stake in Manpasand, known for its fruit juice brand 'Mango Sip'
RBI Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty tells banks: 'Don't charge 12% and claim that you are charging only 0% interest'
RBI deputy governor says NBFCs have customer base, and if they get the licence they can convert themselves into banks
The rate has been cut from 12.25% to 10.50% for kitchen and home appliances, solar panels and water heaters among others
The bank has launched a new personal loan scheme for salaried class towards purchase of consumer durables
'Priority is to intensify NPA recovery, reduce time for stressed assets' resolution; no merger with associates this year'
RBI governor says diesel price rise a must, as is a fiscal cushion; says net FDI flow same as last year
Repo rate currently at 7.50%
This company which was incorporated on August 14, 2013, as per information available from Ministry of Corporate Affairs, recently ...
Street hopes for a further cut in MSF rate
But RBI may introduce more measures to reverse tight liquidity conditions
IDBI Bank to apply base rate for auto and home loans
Monday, RBI cut MSF rate by 50 bps to 9%
Rate of interest on car loans by PNB has been reduced by over 1% to 10.65% on fixed basis
Finance Ministry said last week that additional capital would be provided to banks to enable them to lend to borrowers in ...
Interest rate on commercial financing of four wheelers has been reduced to 12% from 12.25%
Around Rs 52,000 crore of cash management bills are due for redemption from October 14 to October 22
Launches term repos; short-term borrowing set to become cheaper
R Kannan, Former Member-Actuary at Irda retired in early 2011 and the position is vacant since then
The power, road transport and construction sectors witnessed highest number of downgrades in first half of the year
The Mumbai-based public sector lender is witnessing a sharp and sustained deterioration in asset quality
Indian insurers looking to send more agents to Million Dollar Round Table
Insurers say they don't mind bearing the training cost but high attrition has made the process futile
These plans may be required to offer surrender value from Jan 1, pushing prices upwards
Urge level playing field with banks, cite Rao panel report in their support; warn of loss of business to lenders in unorganised ...
The Bank announced its tie up with Apollo Munich Health Insurance to provide health insurance to Canara Bank customers across ...
Currently the central bank is in the process of issuing new bank licences.
RBI is likely to issue the licences
by Jan 2014
The need for rebranding arises post a black swan event like the AP MFI crisis
The Reserve Bank must issue new bank licenses to corporate houses with proven track records in order to achieve financial ...
However, in the current environment, corporate banking can no longer be the only focus area
Bank of India Employees Union (BOIEU) on Sunday opposed the Centre's decision to issue new banking licences.
Odisha unit ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty has said only a provisional list of new bank licencees will be announced by January ...
Former SBI Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri has said the nation's largest lender would have completed the process of merging a ...
Weak economic environment, rising non- performing assets and higher cost of funds will keep margins of banks under stress in the ...
State Bank of India is number one in many aspects but when it comes to business and profits per employee, the country's largest ...
Rating agency CRISIL has downgraded rating for bank loans to NELCO Ltd, a Tata group entity, from "A" to "A-" on continued ...
Says the new banks should have a differentiated approach to cater to the needs of a special group of customers who do not have ...
Even as government plans to prop up demand through lower rates of interest for auto and consumer loans, senior-most RBI Deputy ...
India's sagging economy would recover from stress in the second half of this fiscal to return to high growth over the next two ...
The position of Member Actuary at Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), which has been lying vacant for more ...
Swap window fetched $5.6 billion, says Rajan
However, better than their public sector peers, private banks such as ICICI, HDFC Bank, Axis will report lower profit growth ...
Capital infusion, over and above the Budget provision of Rs 14,000 crore, comes ahead of the festival season and is aimed at ...
For 500-day special deposit scheme the bank is offering 9.40% interest
The reserves had jumped $2.03 billion to $277.38 billion in the previous week
These guidelines were regarding issuance of demand draft/pay order
While the government continues to promote its flagship National Pension System (NPS) and looks to instill investor confidence in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today nominated three members to the high level advisory committee formed to recommend granting ...
The Reserve Bank on Friday set up a three-member committee under former Governor Bimal Jalan to scrutinise applications for new ...
With company being a play on Global economic recovery, the improving macros in China and US have led the analysts at Deutsche ...
India's largest lender, the State Bank of India has joined the ranks of a host of other headless public sector undertakings (PSU) ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram and RBI governor Raghuram Rajan are preparing for the festival season.
Top of their to-do list is ...
Insurance agents, who are required to undergo mandatory training of 50 hours by an insurance company may not have any qualms ...
However, scope for large-scale delinquencies limited due to frequent part-payments, regular auctions of pledged gold jewellery
According to the lenders, Kroll's report was based on "hearsay and market intelligence", and not backed by corroborative facts
NRIs still send largest remittances than counterparts elsewhere
Lack of consensus among banks leading to rejections
In an move to boost sales of two wheelers and consumer durables , the finance ministry  today announced that it will provide ...
The 37 branches that banks have located in 29 cities across state
Non-life insurer Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Ltd (Chola MS) plans to earn around Rs.2,000 crore gross premium this ...
Ahead of the RBI's central board meet, the central bank chief Raghuram Rajan on Thursday met Finance Minister P Chidambaram and ...
Country's largest commodity bourse MCX on Thursday said it has diluted its stake to 3.4 per cent from the existing 5 per cent in ...
Merger and acquisition activity targeted towards the Asia Pacific countries including India stood at $348.8 billion in the first ...
Housing finance company, DHFL, today launched 'Express Loan' scheme for home loan customers during the festive period, starting ...
The rise and fall in the price of the yellow metal is keeping bankers worried.
IIFL would assign the future receivables arising out of the selected pool contracts to a Trust
Rush for products before January 1 deadline is factor for growth
Insurers looking at govt bonds as these are liquid investment options
PARIS (Reuters) - The European Central Bank left interest rates unchanged on Wednesday, holding off any fresh policy action for ...
India has topped the global chart of remittances with a whopping $ 71 billion in remittances in 2013, just short of three times ...
High interest, inflation & grim job scenario result in repayment hurdles
NBFCs see spurt in loan growth with an increase of 18% in August
Micro-lenders claim that these new rules have turned their businesses unviable and encouraged borrowers from not repaying money
To hire 2 lakh agents as part of mass recruitment drive in this fiscal
Says times tough; of Rs 5,000 crore loans sanctioned to corporates in last 6 months only 35% has been availed
Banks' investments in securities grew at 8.9% to Rs 21,8400 cr during March-end and September 20
Sustainability of this trend remained in doubt, as weakness might emerge if loan growth returned
He also exhorted banks to make tailor-made products designed keeping in mind the needs of the people
European Union regulators inadvertently sent confidential data to 13 of the world's biggest lenders as part of an antitrust ...
It is a good option for those who have met their financial goals but the premiums are too high
Insurance regulator IRDA has extended the deadline for implementation of new individual product regulations for the life ...
Fund-raising by issuance of shares to promoters and shareholders on preferential basis has hit an eight month low of Rs 1,062 ...
The shutdown of the US government after the Republicans and the Democrats failed to strike a deal on spending and budget is bound ...
Cost of funds could go up by 10 basis points in the next quarter and it is inevitable that some of the higher cost or part all of ...
Muthoot Finance Limited [MFL] has announced to launch of its maiden Employee Stock Options Plan (ESOP)
Banks have started seeing defaults on housing loans especially those taken to finance second homes bought for investment purpose. ...
Sale of highest  net asset value products, index-linked products were banned from today on the grounds these are not in the ...
Government sources indicate a new chief would be appointed in a couple of days
Q1 CAD figures to provide strength
Some analysts estimate that government-owned banks will need at least Rs 1.75 lakh crore to prevent capital erosion due to loan ...
The move is effective from Tuesday
OMOs refer to the sale or purchase of government securities
The new norms would do away with the current system that require stock brokers to get separate registration certificates from
Owing to depreciation of the rupee, the un-availed component of foreign currency export credit was reduced for exporters
The Reserve Bank today said it would provide Rs 20,000 crore through Ways and Means Advances (WMA) window to the government for ...
NABARD will now finance storage infrastructure projects of private firms & private entrepreneurs
State-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) today raised fixed deposit rates on select maturities by 0.50 per cent, reflecting the ...
India's external debt at the end of the first quarter of the current fiscal declined by 0.9 per cent on sequential basis to ...
Reflecting deterioration in economic activities, net non-performing assets (NPA) of all banks have increased to 1.68 per cent of ...
The government on Monday said it was exploring possibilities of Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) with new emerging nations and ...
The Securities Appellate Tribunal on Monday quashed Sebi's order against three promoter entities of GEE Ltd in a case related to ...
Liberty Videocon General Insurance has tied up with a car dealer to run a pilot project on "Telematics". Here, they plan to ...
Private power developer CLP India on Monday said it has tied up with three financial institutions for a new financing structure ...
RBI has deployed additional hands to screen the applications which range from business conglomerates to micro-lenders
The cost of funds (from FCNR-B) after swapping is about 8.5%, cheaper than the prevailing rates in the market
There could be less appetite for government bond due to RBI's recent repo rate increase in the mid-quarter monetary policy review
Shortlisted names would be forwarded to Bimal Jalan panel for further action
Faced with a tough macroeconomic environment, private sector lender Yes Bank is sharpening its focus on emerging sectors such as ...
Life Insurance of India (LIC) has said it has asked the regulator for extending the deadline for withdrawing existing products ...
But also says test for supervisory effectiveness for preventing self-dealings
Karvy Insurance Repository has received approval from Irda to become an Insurance Repository
Shriram Capital would have had an insurance venture with large distribution network of Canara Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce
Insurance companies are shying away from corporate bonds in a scenario when the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) surprised the market ...
Insurance companies are shying away from the corporate bond market in a scenario when the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) surprised ...
Indian banks will see a rise in bad loans, restructured assets in the next 12-18 months due to a long spell of slowdown
Reflecting global demand conditions, exports in Q1 contracted by 1.4 per cent
Sales of the manufacturing sector remained almost stagnant with a growth of only 0.8% in first quarter of the current fiscal
RBI not to grant any further extension beyond Setp 30 despite banks making requests
Only new health insurance policies except those with a tenure of less than a year will have a free look period.
Insurance ...
Ratings agency Fitch said non-performing loans at Indian banks are expected to peak as late as March 2016, compared with its ...
After banning 0% interest rate, central bank could crack down on EMI waiver too
So far in FY14, RBI has infused Rs 30,000 cr via open market operations
A private sector bank hiked their one year deposit rate to 10%, but this is unlikely to be an indicator
CPI-based inflation high, but Rajan reiterates neutral policy stance
Move to ensure that agents are responsible with the policies they recommend to clients
According to ICICI Lombard Travel Insights 2013 survey by ICICI Lombard and GfK Mode, a sharp fall in the rupee (42 per cent), ...
RBI asked banks to re-allocate export credit in foreign currency, based on a bank's policy to cover currency fluctuations
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today approved the issue of Rs 500 crore Non- Convertible Debentures (NCD) ...
Zero % EMI scheme banned; No fee on debit card transactions; Banks told to pass on discounts to customers
Foreign banks in rush to raise dollar deposits from NRIs to milk RBI's special window
RBI says this might result in increasing or decreasing the rupee equivalent of the foreign currency component of export credit
Experts say in time to come this move directed towards helping rupee to appreciate against dollar
Move experts say would help the country's inclusion in benchmark debt indices and aid fund flows of at least $10 bn
The findings are based on the banks' balance sheets at the end of last year, the Basel Committee of global regulators said on ...
Policyholder can choose to open an e-Insurance account with any one of the five approved insurance repositories by providing ...
Vikram Akula, the founder of SKS Microfinance Limited, assures bright future for the company if given a chance
Private insurer Reliance Life Insurance Company today said its life insurance policies will be available in electronic demat form ...
RBI's decision to raise repo rate to 7.5% further dampened sentiment
Bank expects to see improvement in deposit mobilisation after recent rate hike
Bank turns selective in lending to companies; will give credit to investment-grade firms to protect its asset quality
The contribution of e-channels to overall non-cash transaction volumes grew from 15% in 2003-04 to 50% two years ago
Vikram Akula had said the gold loan scheme that SKS was running was akin to "pawn broking", which company had begun after he'd ...
To hire 30-40 more staff in India in next few years
Banks sued for alleged manipulation resulted in a loss of income from investments and assets held by 5 failed corporate credit ...
Last week, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said there was talk of bringing India into some global bond indices.
For ...
In FY12, the default rate stood at 3.5%, while in FY11, it was 0.3%
The amended policy has come into force with immediate effect
In order to augment resources for infrastructure, debt funds for this purpose under the NBFC route will now be eligible for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday allowed companies in all sectors to avail of trade credit not exceeding $20 million up ...
Chakrabarty emphasised the need for inculcating the habit of savings among the rural people and called upon them to avail credit ...
Public sector insurer Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has set a target to reach out to all uninsured and insurable ...
Stressing the need for penetration of banks across the country, RBI Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty today said only 40,000 out of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan said last week that there are some talks about bringing India into some ...
Banks will function normally as a section of public sector bank employees who had threatened to go on strike tomorrow have ...
Thrissur based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) received shareholders nod for Initial Public offering (IPO) of shares
Lakshmi Vilas Bank today said it has increased interest rates on domestic term deposits by 25-50 basis points.
The rate hike is ...
Raises over $450 million FCNR (B) deposits from more than 10 NRIs
This would be the first time that Vikram Pandit, who had steered Citigroup during the financial crisis of 2008-09, would be part ...
All life insurers are required to be ready with their products by Oct 1
Affirms issuer default rating for SBI, IDBI, ICICI and Axis Bank
Says groundwork ready but incoming team should decide
Both co-op banks have begun groundwork to travel the path and are awaiting RBI norms for conversion
Despite this, it is imperative on the part of the MFI to revisit brand propositions to further strengthen its brand equity among ...
The world's biggest foreign- exchange traders say it's time to buy Asian currencies as outflows from the region ebb and the US ...
Changes outlook on financial strength to negative
Moody's downgraded SBI, citing reliance on a fiscally constrained government to maintain adequate capital
Has secured the Reserve Bank's approval to expand into more districts of the state
Global rating agency Moody's today downgraded the senior unsecured debt and local currency deposit rating of country's largest ...
It would distribute Rs 6.61 crore to its 42,000-odd shareholders
Public sector bank Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has requested the Ministry of Finance to infuse a capital fund to the extent of Rs ...
Month-end dollar demand from importers will keep the rupee under pressure
Pune-based ElectraCard Services (ECS) provider of software and processing solutions for enterprise payment systems, announced a ...
The dollar weakened 1.7 per cent to $1.3524 per euro
Slated to fetch more inflows before facility closes on Nov 30
In July the MSF rate was raised from 8.25 per cent to 10.25 per cent to arrest the volatility in the rupee
Yield on 10-year government bond 7.16% 2023 ended at 8.58% compred with 8.19% Thursday
The insurance regulator on Friday said an e-insurance account holder under the insurance repository system would not need to ...
Chennai based public sector Indian Overseas Bank has approved preferential allotment of shares to the union government for ...
Long-term bond yields are at attractive levels to encourage FII debt flow depending on the stability of the rupee
The Reserve Bank of India in its mid-quarter monetary policy review hiked the repo rate by 25 basis points to 7.5%. Economists ...
Soon after unveiling of the Reserve Bank's mid-quarter policy review, country's largest lender SBI today said lending and deposit ...
RBI's new governor Raghuram Rajan today bit the bullet by hiking the repo rate by 25 bps to 7.5%.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Reserve Bank of India unexpectedly raised its policy interest rate by 25 basis points on Friday but ...
Rating agency CRISIL said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s new guidelines on lending against gold will weaken the competitive ...
Life insurance penetration measured as percentage of insurance premium to GDP expected to growth to 5% by year 2020 from 3.2% now
The Life Insurance Council has asked the insurance regulator for an extension in the deadline for implementation of the new ...
Investors locking-in at higher yields are seeing better returns and could further see their bond values rising if the RBI cuts ...
The Gujarat CM asks bankers to change their mindset and have humanitarian approach towards target beneficiaries from weaker ...
Aggregate deposits of the bank in Gujarat increased to Rs 377,106 cr as of quarter ending June 30, 2013
DBS Bank, for example, is hosting a nine-day exhibition of paintings by eminent artists at its Kolkata branch in association with ...
With the rupee recouping most of its losses that it had incurred since May, banks are looking for rollback of liquidity ...
HDFC Ergo General Insurance hopes to grow above the industry average in the current fiscal on the back of its reduced dependence ...
The Reserve Bank of India today allowed the banks to open branches in tier-1 centers without taking its permission in each case. ...
The government today said it will decide about capital infusion in public sector banks in the next 10-15 days as stability is ...
State Bank of India -- the country's largest lender -- has hiked the deposit as well as the base rate -- a day ahead of crucial ...
Govt pins hopes on Rajan to deliver on this front as well
Deposits also after sliding below 13% growth mark in last fortnight showed little uptick in this fortnight
According to the liberalised definition, energy sector would include electricity generation, electricity transmission, ...
According to the State Level Bankers Committee, the CD ratio in these districts is less than 40 per cent
Ujjivan Financial Services, a Bangalore-based microfinance company, would be interested in applying for a specialised banking ...
Bhartiya Mahila Bank, the first nationalised bank for women expected to be operational from November, intends to recruit 115 ...
Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) Bank today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved the extension of Mushtaq Ahmad's ...
Public sector lender Bank of India plans to raise upto Rs 1,500 crore through Basel III compliant bonds to boost its tier II ...
Move to hasten rollout and, if successful, set a precedent for new banking firms
Now, non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) offering loans against gold jewellery would have to follow a standard method to ...
Rating agency Moody's on Tuesday upgraded Jaguar Land Rover Automotive (JLR)'s corporate rating from 'Ba3' to 'Ba2' on strong and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deferred the Rs 15,000- crore government bond auction to be held this week to Monday.
Typically, ...
The intention to buy life insurance has dropped from 20% in 2010 to 17% in 2013
Banks borrow at 10.25% from MSF as compared to 7.25 in liquidity adjustment facility
Street expects that US central bank may reduce its bond-buying program from current $85 billion per month
The RBI has asked banks to open more MSE focused branches in different MSE clusters
Now, micro-finance for bicycles too
The Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to open more micro and small enterprises (MSE) focused branches in different MSE ...
The bond issues of NBFC firm India Infoline Finance (IIFL) and state-owned Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) ...
With peak festival season around the corner, bankers are pressing for a cut in CRR and policy rates by the Reserve Bank in its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has broadly accepted K U B Rao committee report on gold loan sector and tightened the norms for ...
Seeking to keep demand of gold under check, the Reserve Bank of India has tightened norms for loans against pledge of gold ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has tightened rules for finance companies which lend against gold, a fast-growing business in the ...
Raghuram Rajan announced last week that banks can swap dollars raised through FCNR deposits for rupees at a fixed swap rate of ...
Sell call on top state-owned banks by India's equity fund managers in August seems to have backfired them.
To rescue the rupee, RBI freed interest rates on FCNR deposits last month.
It allowed banks to offer 400 bps for deposits with ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest bank, on Monday said it expected Rs 4,000-crore capital infusion from the ...
YES Bank, the country's youngest private sector lender, has become the first bank to take advantage of the Reserve Bank of India ...
To join company as consultant, will guide it for its planned entry in banking sector
Investors attracted to better post-tax yields, superior credit quality, say observers
RBI has allowed non-residents to carry Indian currency (upto Rs 10,000) beyond immigration or customs desk to duty free area and ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram has asked the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) to prepare a time frame ...
Private life insurer IndiaFirst Life Insurance today said that all its policies will be available in dematerialized (demat) ...
Given the volatile equity markets, investors are taking comfort in debt instruments.
While bank Fixed Deposits are the safest ...
REUTERS - India's headline inflation rose at the fastest pace for six months in August, driven by an 18 percent jump in food ...
On October 1, all life insurers are required to be ready with new bouquet of products to be made available to customers.
With the ...
The bank has been strengthening the ATM delivery channel by adding more from time to time
Investors expect US Federal Reserve to pull back $10 billion out of its monthly bond purchase programme
Borrowings by top 17 construction and infra firms have jumped over five times since 2008 and now exceed their revenues
The number of branches operated by life insurers across India has come down by over 10% in the last two years, primarily because ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India today said it has paid Rs 1,120 crore in advance tax for the second quarter as ...
Religare Health Insurance hopes to break-even in the fifth year of its operations and is at present focusing on sound ...
Combined ratios for the motor insurance segment stand at 130-135% for the industry
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The Reserve Bank of India will offer banks a special two-day funding window through the marginal standing ...
The infusion aimed at reducing the debt-to-equity ratio and supporting biz growth
Says India's economic climate has started improving
These banks have not sanctioned new loans in the last 4-5 weeks, according to heads of various local banks
Sources: Cnbc
Indian banking sector is expected to become fifth largest in the world by the year 2020, KPMG said in a report prepared in ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, has seen 18-20% rise in its advances so far in the current financial ...
Income Tax department has asked electronic filing taxpayers not having sent their returns copy for the two previous assessment ...
Even after one and a half years since third party (TP) pool for commercial vehicles was dismantled and declined risk pool was ...
Individuals and entities with exposure of over Rs 10 crore would be reported to the central bank
Crisis in MFI sector which began in AP in Oct 2010 has left micro-lenders with negative net worth
It is to announce issuance calendar of govt securities later this month for second half of the fiscal
Base rate stands at 10.25% like most of other public sector banks except for SBI
Bank's credit card portfolio is estimated at Rs 3,000 crore and growing at 20% annually
To rope in advisory outfit to chart course
Orissa and Maharashtra finished number one and two, respectively
In an attempt to boost penetration of crop insurance in the country, the insurance regulator has allowed Agriculture Insurance ...
General insurance companies saw a 17.3% in premium collection for the April to July period, as compared to same period last year
If any tax payer fails to pay the advance tax on these two days, then the person can make the payment on September 16
Standalone health insurance company Religare Health Insurance has tied up with public sector lender Union Bank of India for the ...
State-run Central Bank of India (CBI) is not planning to increase its lending rate even though it has been witnessing an uptick ...
Mumbai based public sector lender Central Bank of India didn't plan to increase base rate immediately.
The central bank has also widened definition of term 'control' under Act
Withdrawals from basic savings bank deposit accounts are capped at four a month, including withdrawals via ATMs
All categories of NRI deposits saw net inflows in July
Says don't shower bank notes on personalities
Says strict action against companies accepting deposits when they are not authorised to do so
Says a review of the ads, especially internet advertisements, reveals the necessity to improve the compliance with Irda
By March 2014,  the bank has set a business target of Rs 360,000 cr
The country's banking sector will create eight lakh jobs in the next six years, mainly due to expansion of branches, addition of ...
A study by the RBI on India Inc's investment plans doesn't paint a pretty picture.
Slowing growth, high inflation & limited ...
Trust explores options on reinduction of ousted founder on board as firm closes ranks
Country's largest credit card issuer saw a sharp month-on-month decline in its base
Confusion galore over new bank licences: One applicant makes entry after 3 months, another seeks to withdraw its withdrawal
Private banks have greater capital than public sector players
Biksham Gujja contributed to major global initiatives such as the World Commission on Dams, World Water Commission and World ...
While the surgeons demand bariatric surgeries be kept out of the cosmetic surgery category, insurers are not comfortable covering ...
Many projects in infrastructure are stuck on account of lack of fuel linkages, regulatory and environmental approvals
Taking the country's net borrowing limit to $21.8 billion, against $17.5 billion at present
MFIN report stated that the gross loan portfolio had grown by 17% in the quarter under consideration over the same period last ...
The Bank wants to collaborate with the state government to increase agricultural productivity in Bihar
Banks will be allowed to sell only standard or vanilla insurance products through their branches following the relaxation of ...
Following the liquidity tightening measures announced by the central bank on July 15, short-term rates have been hardening
Lalbaugcha Raja has been insured with an insurance cover of Rs 51 cr while GSB Seva Mandal has taken a whopping Rs 223 cr cover
Car insurance premium may rise in days ahead as the cost of imported spare parts has increased in the recent months because of ...
The SKS Trusts has asked SKS Microfinance to induct Vikram Akula, the founder on its board.
Biksham Gujja, chairperson of the ...
Car insurance premium may rise in days ahead as the cost of imported spare parts has increased in the recent months because of ...
These ATMs will be deployed at public locations like bus-depots, shopping malls, educational institutions, offices and small ...
Takru says will block flow of huge number of firms for CDR, conduct detailed review of cases
Currency climbs to 65.25 due to dollar sales by companies
Bond yields in US are now up 136 bps from their lows in May this year
Dhoot stated that Value Industries has not withdrawn the application and has only sought clarifications from RBI on certain
The amount has been enhanced to Rs 10,000 a person compared with Rs 7,500 earlier
The total forex reserves were at $275.49 bn on August 30
The swap window would be operational from September 10 to November 30
Bank CMD inaugurates 2,045th branch in Mumbai, lays foundation stone of regional office building
An SBI research report today said banks are likely to net $5 billion by March, 2014 by availing RBI's special window facility to ...
With the rise in 10-year yields and fall in CPI, the numbers are in Raghuram Rajan's favour to launch inflation-indexation bonds
Rating not to affect fund-raising ability of banks, say experts
Move to encourage banks to raise such deposits as their cost of funds fall by at least 2.5%
During the fortnight, the banks disbursed new credit of Rs 20,413 cr while they accumulated deposits worth Rs 9,331 cr
General insurers may increase premiums if situation continues
The measures will provide room for maneuverability and corporate houses can now sharpen their risk management skills further
Within five days, the Rs 3,500-cr tax-free offering has mopped up about Rs 2,900 cr
RBI also said guarantee shall be valid for a tenure coterminous with offer period as required under the Sebi (SAST) Regulations
Measures also aim to provide support to rupee which has depreciated around 22% in current financial year
BSE Bankex jumped 9.3% versus mere 2.2% rise in BSE Sensex
Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) has cleared Muthoot Finance's white label ATM application
This was necessary as a large importance was being given to the domestic market and exports have been taking a back seat
Global credit rating agency Moody's downgrading of the debt ratings of 11 Indian banks will not adversely impact the banks' ...
Reuters Market Eye - The move by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to offer concessional swap rates to banks to raise dollar ...
Bimal jalan to head panel on new bank licences; Branch licensing for domestic banks freed
After RBI's missive on proxy lending to builders, it's time to reshuffle
The RAP will assist the customers in selecting policies as per their needs
The currency may strengthen on Thursday, outlook seems positive
Central bank lays down three conditions for urban co-operative banks to undertake these transactions
According to the central bank companies raising ECBs will be allowed to invest up to 400% of their net worth abroad
Electronic media persons were lined up since 9 am to welcome Rajan
With new boss in charge, RBI may unwind some of the liquidity squeeze steps to ease the pressure
According to RBI the scheme will be open up to November 30
This may reduce the risk of identity fraud and document forgery, paving the way for a paperless way of fulfilling KYC norms
Rajan's speech as central bank chief has heightened hopes of more aggressive steps to control rupee, clean-up mess in banking ...
Axis Bank has said its total exposure, direct & indirect, to the National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) was insignificant and the ...
State Bank of India today shifted new branch at plush Nepean Sea Road  locality of South Mumbai to a new premises.
The premises
...
However, banks are required to fulfil certain inclusion criteria in underserved areas in proportion to their expansion in urban ...
State Bank of Travancore has launched a new scheme
-  Aiswarya  special deposit scheme.
Resident, non-resident individuals and ...
Bimal Jalan to head external committee to screen new bank licences which will be announced within or soon after January next year
Raghuram Rajan's first speech as RBI governor today was called positive and aggresive.
Good Evening.
I took charge this afternoon as the 23rd Governor of the Reserve Bank of India.
These are not easy times, and the ...
Raghuram Rajan today after taking over as 23rd RBI governor from Subbarao addressed the media saying, "This is not an easy time ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has appointed Anuj Agarwal as its new Managing Director and officiating Chief Executive Officer.
The ...
SINGAPORE/MUMBAI (Reuters) - Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sounded out lenders on offering forex swap lines at below-market ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s concern over the 20:80 or 25:75 home loan schemes will help many from getting a poor credit ...
Individuals will have to wait for some more time; RBI may do away with mid-quarter policy reviews
Says higher risks associated with lump-sum disbursal
Plans to raise Rs 200 cr via QIP, rights issue
Vikram Akula sells almost his entire stake in the firm
The acquisitions made by ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank also contributed to their network expansion
Companies asked to have detailed agreements for use of trade logo
Corporate India raised $1.95 billion in June 2013, according to RBI data
Ratio of volatile capital flows defined to include cumulative portfolio inflows and short-term debt
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority has warned HDFC Life for violation of File and Use Guidelines i.e., changing the ...
SKS Trust Advisor has upped its holding in SKS Microfinance to 9.63%, becoming the largest shareholder India's only listed micro ...
B K Modi-promoted Spice Group is perhaps the only big corporate house among the 26 applicants for the banking licence which is ...
Five companies have been given the status of insurance repositories by the insurance regulator
Corporate bond market traders said the yield on corporate bonds had also increased after the central bank's liquidity-tightening ...
SBI hikes short term bulk deposit rates by 100-175 bps
Final decisions to be taken by new Governor Raghuram Rajan, who will assume charge on Sept 5
Base rate is the minimum rate at which a bank can lend
Will turn selective in garnering corporate biz to protect asset quality
About three months ago, the bank's board had recommended a three-year extension of chairman's tenure.
However, the central bank ...
Hikes stake to 99% to gain complete control on operations
Within 30 days of opening of account, foreign students should submit a rent agreement as address proof of local residence
Vijayan S has joined as head of Treasury & Markets at DBS Bank India.
Prior to taking up the new assignment, Vijayan was ...
Sudhirkumar Jain, chairman and managing director of Syndicate Bank, has ruled out the possibility of merging all regional rural ...
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) registered a 24 % fall in policies sold in August as ...
Srei Infrastructure Finance, a major player in infrastructure financing and one of the 26 contenders for new banking licences, ...
As part of efforts to develop electronic services and ensure quality services to its customers across all channels, the National ...
Foreign fund houses may not be anywhere close to the top five domestic giants, but when it comes to performance in the equity ...
The Street expects the rupee to continue to appreciate this week, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) likely to announce some ...
As many as 16 public sector banks and 10 private sector banks missed the target of their lending to priority sector in the year ...
Customer complaints against life insurance companies rose by nearly 10 per cent to over 3.41 lakh in the last fiscal, with ...
With a view to curb appetite for gold, banks are sanctioning advances, including personal loans, only if borrowers agree not o ...
Career bureaucrat-turned-banker D Subbarao demits office on Wednesday after a 5-year stint as RBI Governor during a tumultuous ...
Experts say while number of policies bought online as percentage of total sales is only in a single digit, most consumers ...
In the past few months, the central bank has taken a number of steps to contain gold imports
The rupee completed its worst month since 1992 and the rupiah headed for its biggest decline in five years, as analysts cut ...
D Subbarao said central banks tend to articulate the price stability objective in terms of CPI, considered a better indicator of ...
With raps from IMF and other global obervers on not being strict enough with the state behemoth, Irda said to be in no hurry
One-month offshore NDF is quoting at Rs 66.95 compared with previous close of Rs 68.32
In 2005, central bank had issued a circular saying normal donations of the UCBs shouldn't exceed 1% of their published profits of ...
In last few days all top private sector banks and one public sector bank had increased their base rate
Central bank official says RBI should establish links with MCA database to improve their coverage of corporate statistics
Contributions paid by employer or trustees will be credited to Policy Account maintained in name of employer/trustees
Remittance into India from foreign countries has already seen a jump of 25% in the last two months
India's forex reserves depleted to $1.2 billion in Jan 1991, and that too dried up by half by June of that year
Public sector banks wrote off Rs 14,549 crore as loans, while made recovery of bad assets to the tune of Rs 16,464 crore during ...
DBS Bank India unit has reworked a strategy to effectively navigate through economic slowdown and adverse business environment ...
CBI has booked three former senior officials of Union Bank of India (UBI) and as many directors of a Nagpur-based private company ...
The stress on the asset quality is a reflection of the stress in the economy of the country
To curb risks posed by shadow banking activities, the Financial Stability Board (FSB) plans to establish an information sharing ...
Borrowings rise for this reason, as also banks' need for short-term money
The unprecedented depreciation of the currency has forced many PE firms to delay their exit plans
Falling core profitability; weak asset quality key concerns
P Chidambaram also  appeals to banks to deal strictly with willful defaulters
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Thursday sought to allay concerns on its oversight of government ...
Issue opens Friday, closes on September 23; issue open for subscription in 2 tenures - 10 years, 15 years, 20 years
The ombudsman received 800 complaints in FY12-13
Bank is only awaiting approval from RBI for the new branches; hopes move will strengthen presence in retail banking
Bariatric surgery involves a surgical procedure wherein the size of the stomach is curtailed leading to reduced consumption of ...
Public sector banks should deal strictly with wilful defaulters to check non-performing assets (NPAs) while being sympathetic ...
ING Vysya Bank today said it has increased interest rates on deposits by 25-50 basis points
The Development Credit Bank announced on Thursday that it would be raising the rates it would offer its best customers as well as ...
Indian banking and securities companies will spend around Rs 41,700 crore on IT products and services in 2013, an increase of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao will give his parting speech today evening at the Tata theatre, national ...
Central bank's move will help reduce dollar demand pressure
Depends on risk-taking appetite and size of funds, say insurers
It is the responsibility of the central bank, as well as the government, to protect investors from financial frauds, RBI Governor ...
World Bank would provide loans to India at higher than its existing concessional rates but lower than the market rate
Authorities around the world are investigating the abuse of financial benchmarks by large banks that play a central role in ...
Switzerland said it has agreed to a draft plan with the US for the country's banks to settle a tax-evasion dispute after years of ...
For the first time, the Finance Ministry has started sending letters to service tax, customs and excise duty defaulters asking ...
Discussion paper moots continuous banking licence regime; 4-tier structure; says less govt stake in PSBs is a good idea
The bank's asset quality was fairly sound, with low slippages, strong recoveries and robust balance sheet growth, Icra said
Proposes to acquire DICGC from RBI, increase capital to Rs 3,000 crore
The falling rupee has not only impacted bond yields but also issuance of corporate bonds
Reliance Capital is one of 26 applicants for new banking licences
Council members have since given mixed views on the prospect of a fresh cut in the main rate below 0.5%
Global banks had core capital reserves equivalent on average to around 9% of their risk-weighted assets at the end of 2012
A Bitcoin trade group met members of the US Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, regulators and ...
Centra bank had proposed to incentivise existing foreign banks to convert into wholly-owned subsidiaries of their parent banks
The registered telemarketers are also supposed to use telephone numbers from the '140' series
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has imposed a penalty of Rs 2 lakh on Future Generali India Life Insurance ...
The Reserve Bank today pitched for "stringent" entry norms for new players while suggesting four- tier structure for the domestic ...
The rupee on Monday weakened 96 paise, or 1.5 per cent from its previous close, to 64.31 a dollar, tracking offshore rates.
The ...
Rupee ends weak by 1.52%, amid month-end dollar demand from importers
Seven banks are trading at a third of their book value.
Another 11 are trading at less than half of their book value, indicating ...
Indian economy is caught in a quagmire of slow growth, high inflation, rickety government finances and a tumbling currency
Long term issuer rating affirmed at 'AA-'
Federal Reserve officials rebuffed international calls to take the threat of fallout in emerging markets into account when ...
It took three decades for the amount of speculative-grade debt to reach $1 trillion.
It took about seven years to reach $2 ...
OMOs are conducted by the RBI by way of sale/purchase of government securities to/from the market with the objective of adjusting ...
In a bid to boost exports and attract dollars the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to increase the rate of interest ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance with Edelweiss Securities today executed one of the first ever trade in the insurance sector ...
Federal Bank has filed an application with Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) for increasing the foreign shareholding ...
'All options are on the table' were the words of Chief Economic Advisor Raghuram Rajan as he emerged out of a meeting with global ...
The US Federal Reserve could announce a cautious first step in tapering of bond purchases at its meeting next month, provided ...
Else, more capital outflow and pressure on rupee  likely
The domestic scheduled commercial banks plan to open 2,361 brick and mortar branches in Odisha during 2013-15.As per Reserve Bank ...
While leading banks have raised their benchmark lending rates last week,in turn, making home and auto loans costlier, car dealers ...
Public sector banks face a shortage of 56,022 personnel across various cadres and the lenders are at different stages of filling ...
Even as the life insurance industry is undergoing regulatory changes and companies in this space are looking to sustain business, ...
While some companies are still running into losses compared to the previous years
Ask your bank to increase EMI rather than increase in tenure.
If you can prepay small amounts regularly and manage your EMI ...
Collective fine for these banks is Rs 6 crore, highest penalty of Rs 2 crore was levied on Dena Bank
At least 51% of the funds of these Category II AIF to be invested in entities in areas of infrastructure, SME entities or Venture ...
RBI has been traversing growth-inflation knife edge recently
Despite the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) infusing Rs 6,232 crore liquidity through open market operations (OMO) purchase of ...
National Housing Bank (NHB) today posted 16% jump in net profit at Rs 450 crore for 2012-13.
The RBI today imposed a fine of Rs 6.5 crore on six public sector banks including IDBI Bank, Dena Bank and Indian Bank, for ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank today said it has increased its base rate or minimum lending rate by 25 basis points to 11.25%
Private lenders Axis Bank and DCB Bank have increased interest rates on non-resident deposits.
The modest recovery in credit growth seen earlier this month is unlikely to sustain, as rising rates, slow business growth and an ...
Pune based Bank of Maharashtra today became second public sector bank to raise its base rate.
The bank has raised its base rate
...
The modest recovery in credit growth earlier this month is unlikely to sustain as rising rates coupled with slow business ...
ICICI Bank's base rate now at 10%
Central bank says growth depends on removal of supply constraints, good governance
Case will be heard again on Monday
Revenues from domestic sources rose 60.7% from Rs 33,366 cr in FY12 to Rs 53,611 cr in FY13
Bracing effect of adverse trade scenario, the current account deficit (CAD) could widen for April-June 2013.
But steps like curbs ...
Volatility in the rupee has continued to persist as the rupee has breached all psychological levels starting 60, 62 and even 65
System wide gross NPAs rose to 3.42% in FY13 from 2.94% in FY12
The regulator didn't disclose the firms' individual contributions
The bank agreed to settle the case without admitting or denying the charges by FINRA, which self-polices the brokerage industry
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) once again flagged concerns about inflation in its Annual Report 2012-13 released today. ...
IDBI Bank has increased interest rates on foreign currency non-resident FCNR (B) and non-resident external (NRE) deposits across ...
RBI forms internal panel to screen applications
According to experts this is primarily because of prevailing global uncertainties
The rupee could touch 70 level against the US dollar in a month's time, although some revival of the currency is expected by the ...
Oil companies take loans worth Rs 20,000 cr
After the RBI's relaxation yesterday, the losses will now get reduced to Rs 3,000-5,500 crore
Federal Bank has increased interest rates on domestic and non-resident deposits from today.
Yes Bank today took a stand before the Bombay High Court that the suit filed by Madhu Kapur, the widow of Bank's co-founder Ashok ...
State-owned Syndicate Bank today said it has made upward revision of the rate of interest on Foreign Currency and Non Resident ...
ICICI Bank has raised fixed deposit rates by up to 0.75% across select maturities due to a series of steps taken by RBI, leading ...
Despite a slowdown in growth, NBFCs are expected to report a double-digit return on equity in the short to medium term, said a ...
Bond yields set to fall as central bank ushers in 'Operation Twist'; move to help banks restrict MTM loss; rupee may gain from ...
It may, however, not be enough to offset treasury losses
The rupee will strengthen by about 50 paise tomorrow, said a currency dealer with a state-run bank
According to treasury executives, movements in the non-deliverable forward (NDF) market and domestic currency markets are closely ...
Newer ways of electronic distribution, like CSCs, insurance repositories, are likely to reduce cost further
The applications will be screened by RBI to ensure prima facie eligibility of applicants
Rising yields an attractive investment for FIIs
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed a firm in Kerala to operate as a non-banking financial company (NBFC) that follows ...
India scores below global average in ability to handle risks
Bank also seeks Rs 2,100 crore capital infusion from Govt to support its 20% growth target
Bank of America paid billions of dollars to resolve demands by Fannie and Freddie to buy back defective mortgages, the judge said
Madhu Kapur's counsel today alleged that YES Bank's claim of being a 'professionally managed bank' is untenable
The bank plans to enter into a distribution agreement with one of the top four health insurance players in the country.
Banks were not unduly worried even after the results for the quarter ending June 2013 showed rising bad loans amid slowing credit ...
The government may delay Rs 14,000 crore fund infusion in the public sector banks in view of volatile market conditions.
India Inc mopped-up over Rs 12,000 crore through private placement of debt securities, or bonds in July, the lowest level in ...
Axis Bank, the third largest private sector lender in the country, has filed an application with the Foreign Investment Promotion ...
Rising yields on US treasuries has seen domestic bond yields surge.
Fund managers say yields are getting attractive.
Banks were reasonably happy till the middle of July when they were finalizing the April-June quarter despite rising bad loans ...
Aims double-digit RoEs in both subsidiaries in next 3 years
Central bank watchers say one of Rajan's first priority will be to rein in rupee which has depreciated 5% in August
Earlier, Axis Bank had increased its short-term deposit rates by 50-225 basis points
Combined demand touches Rs 5,000 cr in 45 days
The rupee breached the 63-mark on Monday.
Experts expect the currency to fall even further on Tuesday
The Core Banking System (CBS) of Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) was affected on Monday due to "complex technological malfunction," ...
Union Bank will take a call on MTM losses on Sept 30
Dena Bank has increased interest rate of Foreign Currency Non Residential (FCNR) accounts for the maturity between 3-5 years by a ...
To safeguard interest of investors from the negative impact of wild rumours, the State Bank of India (SBI) has proposed the ...
The State of India (SBI) has said that every two years it will merge one subsidiary each, over the next 10 years
Top firms will have enough firepower to go for foreign M&As, given their balance sheet growth, say bankers
According to a report posted on NYT's online edition, JPMorgan Chase & Co hired the children of powerful Chinese officials to ...
Bond yields are set to rise further and the rupee could touch a new all-time low this week.
The month-end dollar demand from ...
Says all banks should oblige government's policy to take banking service across the country
The company has been formed by a group of Gulf-based NRI businessmen and the KSIDC
The RBI has permitted Kerala Industrial Development Corporation to float a non-banking finance company and offer products based ...
The Finance Ministry has sought relaxation in the eligibility norms for selection of SBI Chairman so as to have more candidates ...
Dismisses the view that govts are for growth and central banks for price stability
Chidambaram said that earlier the impression was that the banking industry meant for the rich people
The Indian rupee and Indonesia's rupiah led a weekly loss in Asian currencies on increasing speculation the US will scale back ...
Says tough times ahead for Indian banks as bad loans balloon, margins take a hit
Negative sentiments in bond market led to partial devolvement in govt bond auction
In a meeting, presentations also made on workability of model; manner in which it will be brought into operation
The bank has, however, kept its base rate or minimum lending rate, unchanged at 9.75%
These will be applicable from the close of the business on August 14
Credit-Deposit ratios in seven districts - Deogarh, Gajapati, Jagatsingpur, Kadhamal, Kendrapada, Malkangiri, and Sambalpur below ...
Mutual fund investors pulled out nearly Rs 24,000 crore in debt schemes in July after investing a staggering Rs 65,000 crore in ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) move to cap remittances from $200,000 to $75,000 is likely to hit Indian appetite for ...
RBI reduced the cap on individual remittances abroad from $200,000 (about Rs 1.2 cr) to $75,000 (Rs 45 lakh)
Project will be financed by credit from International Development Association
Prior RBI permission a hurdle, given its views; business interest needs to be clearer
More, a new set of measures focusing on curbing oil, gold and non-essential imports and opening up external fund raising have ...
Electronic Medical Record (EMR) which would enable healthcare providers to have a coded intergrated health care system has been a ...
Yield on 10-year bond ends at 14-month high
No decision on raising equity cap
Sinha feels that apart from the take-out financing route, the seeking of credit risks, securitization markets, derivative markets ...
Getting RBI approval natural process, says Irda chairman
Financia service secretary says banking correspondents have also been allowed to sell insurance
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is preparing to launch insurance repositories within the next few ...
State-run lenders IDBI Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce on Wednesday raised deposit rates by up to 1.50 per cent in select ...
NPS run by finance ministry, with no contribution from govt and no guaranteed benefits to subscribers
Despite sharp rise in stressed assets - bad loans and restructured assets, in recent times, Indian Banks are least susceptible to ...
Insurance sector regulator Irda has asked all general insurance companies to send detailed guidelines to third party ...
YES Bank today said it has opened its 500th branch
Yields on the 10-year benchmark government security rose after the announcement that wholesale price index inflation rose to a ...
There is more pain in store for public lenders, say analysts
Subbarao says paper on banking structure being readied; also stresses view that RBI must regulate banks & non-banking
Banks should push for a management change in companies defaulting wilfully, Financial Services Secretary Rajiv Takru said on ...
Rural penetration of branches have fallen over the years
While the SBI chairman couldn't live up to his promise of improving asset quality, he leaves the country's largest bank in a ...
In the first phase, RBI had asked banks to provide access to basic financial services to all households by opening savings ...
The revised interest rates would be effective August 16
Expecting 20% growth in overseas business, mid-size lender Union Bank of India (UBI) plans to open branches in London, Sydney and ...
Amidst the ongoing talks of consolidating small state-run banks to create one or two globally large size banks, Reserve Bank ...
Macquarie has downgraded its ratings on public sector banks as it expects further disappointments in their loan growth, asset ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) chief Duvvuri Subbarao said on Tuesday that "perhaps" there was a need to reduce the reserves ...
ICICI Bank customers can book rail tickets from IRCTC by sending two SMSs.
The cost of the ticket will be directly debited from ...
Both banks and the non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) should come under the regulatory purview of the Reserve Bank of India ...
CP, CD rates also rise, making fixed maturity plans attractive
In an aggressive move, the lender grabs Nuclear Power Corp and Gujarat Power Corp loan accounts
YES Bank, which gets 69% of its funding from bulk deposits and debt
Pratip Chaudhuri said the preference will be to pick an associate bank that is weak on the deposits front
If an application has to be returned for this or any other reason, the application fees is also returned
Bills with maturities of 34 days and 35 days of Rs 11,000 crore each were put up for auction
With this addition, the bank now has a network of 49 rural branches in Gujarat.
The total number of branches in the state has ...
It is extremely rare (if not the first time) for an old-generation private sector bank in India to buy assets of a foreign bank ...
The Street expects government bond yields to fall this week on the back of contraction in index of industrial production (IIP), ...
The Centre intends to provide more incentives to states which are doing good work in the area of financial inclusion, a senior ...
Reliance General Insurance is betting big on sale of health insurance products in the highly under-penetrated Small and Medium ...
Syndicate Bank Chairman and Managing Director Sudhir Kumar Jain on Saturday said the bank expected to reduce stressed assets ...
Central bank keen to develop domestic interest rate derivatives market
The bank's net non performing assets(NPAs) increased to 1.19% during the first quarter ending June, 2013
Officials say some measures could be announced over the weekend or early next week
New Irda norms may not necessarily bring open architecture of bancassurance; RBI approval crucial
By offering special schemes and loans at base rate, banks hope to see high growth
Premium collection from the miscellaneous category stands at Rs 8,397 cr in FY13, up from Rs 7,049 cr in FY12
Appoints seven new deputy managing directors
With rise in the litigations prior to release of films, it has become crucial for film producers to take up these policies
The rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range against the dollar in the near-term and would stabilise only if India's foreign ...
Economic Affairs Secretary Arvind Mayaram ruled out issuance of sovereign bonds
The licence, once granted, will be valid for three years
Negative impact of inflation on growth outweighs its positive impact through lower real interest rate
The central bank pays Rs 33,000 cr to govt as surplus profit for the year ended June
K Cherian Varghese, former chairman and managing director of Union Bank of India, Corporation Bank and South Indian Bank, has ...
Central bankers say such steps will be interpreted as FinMin's 'we-are-running-the-show' attitude and send a wrong signal to ...
Growth in public sector banks' business per staff outpaces private rivals
With returns from liquid funds turning negative, firms look at short-term bank fixed deposits
Life insurance industry collected renewals premium of Rs 1.79 lakh crore, as on March 31, 2013, said data from Life Insurance ...
Life Insurance Council (LIC) today said insurers have so far received claims worth Rs 100 crore relating to Uttarakhand flash ...
The Reserve Bank of India will come out with measures to address asset quality issues in banks, said Rajiv Takru, secretary, ...
Banks are gearing up for the festive season by offering concessions in interest rates for retail loans.
Few banks have already ...
Rupee sinks to new closing low of 61.30 a dollar
Rajan will be closely working with RBI governor and four deputy governors to gain familiarity with the central bank's stance on ...
Debt recast pipeline to stay high for two years
Second to hike minimum lending rate after Yes Bank
ECS is an electronic mode of payment receipt for transactions that are repetitive, periodic in nature
Chairman of board of IIM Ahmedabad says Rajan most appropriate person to guide India's monetary policy through current turbulent ...
Threats of costly mortgage litigation have been dogging Bank of America for years
The upfront payments under the terms of the deal should have gone to the CDO for the benefit of its investors
Bank credit expanded during the second half of July despite very tight liquidity and market conditions
Miscellaneous insurance segment, which was seen as a small area of business among general insurance companies, has seen a rise in ...
Karur Vysya Bank Ltd has received approval from the Board of Directors to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through Qualified ...
Federal Bank has pared interest rates on home loans by 25-50 basis points as part of its festival offer
Raghuram Rajan comes to his new job as governor of the Reserve Bank of India with a formidable reputation as an academic ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a penalty of Rs 5,62,555 on July 12 on State Bank of India (SBI), said RBI in a press ...
Bharti AXA Life Insurance today launched a unique traditional non-participating plan, Bharti AXA Life Secure Income Plan.
The ...
An RBI-constituted committee has concluded that no personalities other than Mahatma Gandhi could fit the image to be inscribed on ...
Chief economic adviser Raghuram Rajan will be the new RBI governor after incumbent D Subbarao retires on September 5
Rebounds from all-time low after RBI intervention; Rajan's appointment taken as a sign of hope
Bankers feel Rajan already familiar with recent developments in country from his position as CEA in finance ministry for about a ...
Lenders have asked realtors to cut prices
Companies raised $1 bn via the automatic route, another $946 mn through approval route that requires case-by-case approval from ...
He will be 50 years and six months old when he takes over as the 23rd governor on Sept 5
The rupee on Tuesday hit a new low of 61.81 against the dollar but rebounded to close at 60.81
Standard Chartered Bank Plc's India unit has posted a 45% rise in operating profit at $450 million in six months ended June 2013 ...
Allahabad Bank CMD Shubhalakshmi Panse today said she has received letter from RBI for 'restructuring' of loans in ...
The government has appointed Rakesh Sethi as the third executive director of Union Bank of India
The immediate priority for the new governor will be to draft the mid-quarter review of RBI's monetary policy on September 18 - ...
The government today said it will seek Parliament approval for allocation of Rs 1,000 crore for setting Bhartiya Mahila Bank Ltd.
Investors have pulled out more than Rs 48,000 crore from various mutual fund schemes in June after putting in a staggering Rs ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank is confident of improving its non-performing asset ratios in the current financial year even as the uncertain ...
The ongoing shift in monetary policy to stabilize the rupee may be similar to the situation in 1997-98 amid the Asian financial ...
According to Sinha, unless RBI scrutinises all applications, they cannot take a definite view on the dispensation
The law made it difficult for them to issue new loans, and even more difficult to collect old ones
Observers suggest temporary CRR rise or increase of ECR rate as options
Investors in Saradha ranged from domestic help, rag pickers, a large number of taxi drivers to  teenagers
Ruling out relaxation in norms for grant of new bank licences, the Reserve Bank today said though it has started the scrutiny of ...
With returns from liquid funds turning negative a couple of weeks back, many companies are looking at short-term bank fixed ...
Balanced fund schemes are good investment options during volatile market conditions because of their well-defined asset ...
The rupee is expected to weaken more on the back of dollar demand from importers.
Currency dealers say it might  even touch a ...
The R K Patra commission of inquiry, constituted to probe illegal collection of money by chit fund companies, today issued ...
Second largest public sector lender Bank of Baroda has said it is not looking at raising money from overseas markets via ...
The Finance Ministry is likely to finalise Rs 14,000-crore capital infusion for public sector banks by the end of this month to ...
The government is likely to earmark Rs 1,300 crore for the India Post to enable it to make foray into the banking space.
With a lull in industrial production, the number of new projects coming up has also seen a drop
Canara Bank, the Bangalore-based public sector lender, on Saturday reported a marginal rise of 2.2% in net profit to Rs 792 crore ...
Pratip Chaudhuri says many existing corporate clients had been approaching for refinance owing to low interest rates
Centre being set up in collaboration with State University of New York at Buffalo
The requirement of having a standard proposal form by life insurance companies, with detailed information of the financial needs ...
The Madurai Bench of Madras High Court today gave an interim injunction, which will take away the powers of Foreign Institutional ...
Madras HC today said that FIIs in Tamilnad Mercantile Bank shall not be entitled to exercise voting rights on poll in any of the ...
New age banker Kotak Mahindra Bank has identified Uttar Pradesh as a key growth area and targets to expand its branch network by ...
In a bid to ally concerns over issuing new bank licences to companies, RBI Governor D Subbarao today said corporates will bring ...
Feeling the heat of tight liquidity conditions, banks have begun to hike deposit rates to attract the money
FIIs will need mandate from P-note holders to hedge currency risk
Bankers and analysts say interest rates in international markets have already hardened
Bankers say the amount goes to finance monthly household expenses
Central bank head believes, at demand level inflation has come down; some sacrifice for growth needed
Bank of Baroda posts net profit growth of 2.55% at Rs 1,168 cr, Union Bank's profit up by 9.4% to Rs 560 cr
Large public sector banks have reduced their loan book size in the first quarter of the current financial year as compared to the ...
The common in-house third party administrator (TPA) is expected to be operationalised by April 2014
RBI, in the past, has taken some steps in this regard including increase in provisioning norms and tightening norms for ...
A proposal has been mooted to bring in co-operative urban banks under the purview of Banking Omudsman in view of their key role ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty has said banks cannot do financial inclusion as "charity" but only as a viable ...
Faced with a tight liquidity condition, two leading private sector banks -- HDFC Bank and Axis Bank -- have raised fixed deposit ...
India's rupee plunged to its lowest levels ever on Wednesday after Reserve Bank of India's mixed review sent speculators ...
Bank of Baroda today reported Q1 net profit of Rs 1,167 crore.
YES Bank raises base rate; HDFC Bank, Axis hike deposit rates
In latest move RBI said that non-CTS cheques will be accepted for regular clearing till December 2013
Net interest margin at 3.27% for the quarter-ended June compared with 3.01% a year ago
Pratip Chaudhuri said such bonds might expose issuing entities (banks) to class action suits in the US for making an offer to a ...
A day after the monetary policy, banks have start increasing interest rates, with leading private sector lender HDFC Bank and ...
The Murugappa Group's NBFC arm Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company has decided to withdraw gold loan offering.
It may be ...
The fund raising plan comes at a time when the company has set a target to grow 25-30% in CAGR
Private sector lender Yes Bank has hiked its deposit rates by 0.25% to 0.5% in select tenors.
Public sector lender Bank of India (BOI) has put on sale non-performing assets (NPAs) of 64 accounts with outstanding balance of ...
Say surge in bond yields will hit balance sheet valuations; turned down on CRR plea
In view of mounting corporate debt, banks on Tuesday sought forbearance in making provisions for restructured loans
The appointment of the 69-year-old former RBI executive is currently being contested by Madhu Kapur
As part of its efforts to raise new funds, the bank said on Tuesday that it would raise Â£5.8 bn through a rights issue of stock
Of the $410 mn, $124 mn will go to the California electric-grid operator and $1 mn will go to an operator in the Midwest
Bank's total capital requirement, to clock additional Rs 30,000 cr business by 2016-17, is around Rs 3,000 cr
Reserve Bank of India Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said on Tuesday the central bank has reservations on issuing sovereign bonds.
Indian Banks' Association Chairman K R Kamath has told the RBI that maintaining daily cash reserve ratio at 99% of mandated level ...
RBI in its monetary policy today kept the CRR, repo rate unchanged.
The RBI left interest rates unchanged on Tuesday as it supports a battered rupee but said it will roll back recent liquidity ...
RBI in its monetary policy review today kept all key interest rates unchanged as it supports a battered rupee.
Effort to restrict impact of tight liquidity to short-term rates
Hawkish tone on inflation seems to rule out rate easing soon; says growth recovery to be slow
Non-banking finance companies sector recorded a credit growth of 1.9% in June, against an increase of 43.9% in June 2012
Compared to last year, unlike investments in new projects, corporate leverage has increased gradually
Pick-up in June inflation remains a concern
Business Expectations Index stood at its lowest in three financial years
As of now, the effective repo rate in India is 10.25% and CRR is 4.25%: Chaudhuri
Two new MDs to be appointed in one month; Usha Sangwan may become first female MD
SBI General Insurance Company Limited has garnered collected total premium income of Rs 270.89 crore during the first quarter of ...
With signal on rupee stability getting top priority, Reserve Bank of India may keep the repo rate and cash reserve ratio (CRR) ...
The Reserve Bank of India today released its Macroeconomic Review report.
In it, it has said, growth is expected to improve ...
Amid continuing weakness in banking stocks, fund managers' exposure to the sector has dropped to lowest level in 10 months and ...
Indian Bank has got the Reserve Bank of India's nod to open three branches in Sri Lanka, apart from the two that it already has ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) efforts to restrict the impact of liquidity tightening measures to the shorter end of the yield ...
Vijaya Bank, the Bangalore-based public sector lender, on Monday reported 18.9% rise in net profit to Rs 132 crore for the first ...
Siddaramaiah at the weekend urged public sector and scheduled banks to increase credit facilities to agriculture and other social ...
Country's second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be focusing on having a greater number of new branches in the ...
A rate cut to prop up sagging growth is unlikely when the Reserve Bank unveils the first quarter monetary policy review on July ...
Banks have deployed as many as 1.95 lakh business correspondents (BCs) covering 2.21 lakh villages across the country as of March ...
New Irda rules open the way, with 5 entities getting okay to set up as repositories; firms preparing structures for switch
Three times in the last 35 years, a president has quietly picked a new chairman for the Federal Reserve and then quickly obtained ...
The govt bonds auction of Rs 15,000 crore, there was devolvement on primary dealers to the extent of Rs 1,330.28 cr
Of late, the RBI has taken a series of measures to tighten liquidity and check import of gold with a view to arrest rupee fall
Punjab & Sind Bank has raised its term deposit rates by 25 basis points
Life insurers saw a 1.2% dip in new premiums for the quarter ended June 30, 2013
Delhi-based Punjab National Bank has reported 2.4% net profit growth to Rs 1275.32 crore as loan demand remained subdued
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) today posted 2.4% rise in net profit to Rs 1,275.32 crore for the first quarter ended June ...
Housing finance company Dewan Housing Finance Limited (DHFL) is not looking to raise any capital, post the deal with DLF to ...
Measures helped in stabilising rupee, resulted in yields rising high & traders in banks, insurance companies and fund houses ...
These norms will be implemented with immediate effect
Sell its 74% equity stake in DLF Pramerica Life Insurance to Dewan Housing Finance
Lenders ask promoter to bring contribution upfront, for debt recast
The rise in profits was mainly due to lower provisions towards non-performing assets
Some realty experts said realty loans could even become NPAs for banks
The street is expecting partial devolvement in the Rs 15,000 crore government bonds auction on Friday as the Reserve Bank of ...
Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) steps to tighten liquidity will adversely impact car, truck and home sales.
It will also reduce ...
RBI auctioned cash management bills for a notified amount of Rs 6,000 crore today which included 56-days cash management bills ...
The statement from Takru comes at a time when the scrutiny is underway
The finance ministry has asked public sector banks to provide 125 officers for deputation to the first woman-focused lender, ...
The banking regulator has announced a slew of measures in past few days to curb liquidity, address foreign exchange rate ...
Projects include steel and power projects, road projects in the eastern states of West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand and Orissa
Deposit growth continues to be sluggish even if banks have largely left interest rates on retail deposits untouched
Web aggregators may have to face tigher regulatory norms, if a new draft regulation on web aggregators is implemented
Fund to focus on existing investments, pursue new investments 'selectively'
Exit from tightening mode pose dilemma
The rise was after the Reserve Bank of India took further steps to tighten liquidity
91-day T-bills were at a high and the cut-off rates for 364-day T-bills were at an almost-13-year high
Borrowings on Wednesday were Rs 28,835 cr, compared with Rs 48,925 cr on Tuesday
The bank raised interest rate on domestic term deposits maturing between 91-179 days to 8.50% from 7.75% up 0.75%
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) steps to curb volatility in foreign exchange rate may have tightened liquidity but the measures ...
Overnight rates may hit double digits; bond yields to spike
For flows to return, Rs  must stabilise and forward premium or hedging costs should fall
Observers say this is likely if RBI keeps key policy rates unchanged
New health norms with list of exclusions in policy to resolve the issue
While yields on long-term securities would rise, the advance is likely to be moderate compared to that for short-term papers
LAF by each individual bank will be capped at 0.5% of its own NDTL outstanding as on last Friday of second preceding fortnight
RBI has asked banks to exercise full KYC procedure at least every two years for high risk individuals and entities
The Reserve Bank of India today announced measures to curb forex market volatility.
The central bank said, banks will now need to ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has imposed Rs 10 lakh penalty on Max Life Insurance Company for ...
Move follows lender's decision to repatriate $100-million capital
A new issue would also help finance the high current account deficit amid dwindling capital flows
The move may shore up foreign exchange inflows
China's removal of interest-rate restrictions on most loans increases the urgency of reducing volatility in money-market rates ...
The industry has started making preparations to deal with the claim-settlement process
An increase in MCR means stable and improving financials of the rated companies
Central bank's move comes against the backdrop of the government efforts to crackdown on entities illegally raising large amounts ...
Commercial papers, certificates of deposit also dry up
The nation's largest lender State Bank of India needs Rs 2,30,000 crore in additional capital to meet the stringent Basel III ...
Country's second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank has played down fears of rising bad loans, saying that it is not ...
A study by CIMSME contends 90% of banks are in favour of a different credit rating scale for MSMEs
Subbarao was appointed as the central bank chief on September 5, 2008 for three years and was later given an extension for ...
Currency experts see rupee trading at 58.63 against $ by end-August
The yield on the 10-year benchmark government bond 7.16% 2023 ended at 7.94% compared with previous close of 7.99%
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh said a real estate regulator can't come into existence during the tenure of current government.
"We ...
After a steep fall in the week ended July 5, India's foreign exchange reserves rose a tad in the week ending July 12, shows ...
Total income rises 12.6% to Rs 5,557 crore over the same period.
Rejects bids quoting higher yields for bond sale, doesn't want rates to zoom
RBI governor says providing guidance on monetary policy poses challenges
The partially convertible rupee ended weaker at 59.68 a dollar, against its previous close of 59.35
Offer customised products and services for this segment
The biggest exodus might be seen at middle and lower levels, due to better remuneration and career prospects
The bank earns Rs 307 cr in the first quarter as against Rs 427 cr recorded in same period a year ago
Margin expansion and higher treasury gains drive profit beat
Finance Minister P Chidambaram would be a worried man.
He has been travelling around the world trying to convince investors to ...
Special Rs 25,000-crore three-day repo facility after Rs 50,000-crore redemption on Tuesday
RBI accepted bids worth Rs 75,000 cr under the repo auction of the LAF, against bids received for Rs 1,41,970 cr
Regulator to keep an eye on certain unregistered NBFCs, can directly go for search & seizure, ask for call records of those ...
RBI opened a three-day repo borrowing window for mutual funds for the first time after the meltdown of 2008-09
RBI had decided to cap the daily liquidity adjustment facility at Rs 75,000 cr, increase the marginal standing facility rate to ...
Bank has a lot of ground to cover in priority-sector lending
We are very constructive on the US dollar for very fundamental reasons: Jain
With new private banks in play, going will likely become even more difficult for old-school state-run banks
But earnings boosted by treasury income and lower provisions, suggest limited upside for the stock
This despite the fact that RBI took steps to address exchange rate volatility, which will mostly likely harden bond yields, ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) liquidity tightening is already beginning to show its impact on the mutual fund industry
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday decided to conduct a special  3-day repo at an interest rate of 10.25% for a ...
Short-term rates, bond yields jump; shares dip, rupee gets breather
The insurance amendment Bill, pending before Parliament for nod, proposes an increase in insurance FDI from 26% to 49%
The company sees biz opportunities for MFIs to grow with an increase in the number of banks
One of the hurdles for MFIs towards becoming banks is an unsecured loan portfolio
Most large PSBs say they are not contemplating rise in the lending rate
Money market rates shoot up in morning; but ease at close
MFs press sell button to meet bank redemption requests
Banks need to address funding gap by focussing on long term liabilities
Life insurance companies would not only need to collect basic information, including identity proof, personal details and nominee ...
Country's largest bank SBI today ruled out increasing its lending rates following the Reserve Bank's move to hike short-term ...
RBI had announced late on Monday that it will cap the extent to which banks can borrow money
Non-CTS-2010 cheques (Cheque Truncation System) will continue to be cleared even after the deadline of July 31, 2013
Andhra Bank today announced a 25 basis point reduction in base rate to 10 per cent from the present 10.25 per cent effective July ...
Bankers today said the liquidity tightening measures announced by the RBI are temporary and hoped they will be rolled back once ...
Banks scrambled today Reserve Bank of India's Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF), pushing the demand for over-night money beyond ...
Reserve Bank of India says no prima facie evidence of money laundering
An official at the central bank said 'financial inclusion' has to be pre-condition for such banks to come
Might weaken moreas month-end dollar demand gets stronger, say dealers
In non-participating policies, policyholders are not so entitled
This is a step to boost flow of foreign exchange into the country
Madhu Kapur had approached the High Court on June 6 seeking a stay on the appointment of Srinivasan
Customers will earn reward points for conducting transactions like online utility bill payments, purchases made using debit cards
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) reiterated on Monday in a notification that banks should engage only those telemarketers who are ...
Deutsche Bank customers can now convert reward points earned on banking transactions into cash later under its new loyalty ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce has reduced rates of term deposits of over Rs 5 crore by 25 basis points with immediate effect.
This is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Monday that enourmous challenges lie ahead for achieving financial inclusion.
Bank presents three-year plan for priority lending, financial inclusion
China's central bank pledged on Sunday to use a mix of policy tools to adjust banking liquidity to ensure steady credit growth, ...
The shares have been acquired by Tata Investment Corporation Ltd, whose portfolio of bank stocks rose to nearly Rs 183 crore
Nirmal Laxmandas Jitwani, Canara Bank customer from Ambernath, alleged that the bank did not verify his signature before clearing ...
Under the SLB scheme, those having securities can lend their securities for consideration and those requiring securities can ...
With Irda mandating broader & longer definitions on ambit, insurers say a 20-25% rise in policy cost is inevitable
FY13 net profit rises 71% to Rs 2,960 cr, beating HSBC and Citibank
K C Chakrabarty said while speaking in reference to Cobrapost scam
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has simplified the claims settlement process for the families / beneficiaries of the victims of ...
Economists feel falling rupee and its effects make it inevitable fairly soon
HDFC Bank offers credit cards in areas with population of less than 10,000
Bankers say the directive from RBI is a step to rationalise credit usage pattern
The rupee has weakened 5.3 per cent since May 31
The meeting is a brainstorming session to assess the feasibility of such sales
There were seven strategic acquisitions during the quarter as against six in the same period last year
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today permitted Indian banks to acquire the shares of Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial ...
Maternity covers may see an increase in premium, with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) advising companies to ...
Finance Industry Development Council (FIDC) - an association of asset financing non banking financial companies (NBFCs) will ...
Indian Banks Association (IBA) today demanded a cut in cash reserve ratio (CRR) and repo rate in pre monetary policy ...
Dollar demand by OMCs absent after central bank's plan to ask them to centralise purchase in a single PSB
The issue has been rated "AA/Stable" by CRISIL and "AA+" by Care
Comments after recent demand that banks be allowed to sell products of atleast 5 insurance companies in place of 1 in non-life ...
Life insurance companies had begun new financial year with a marginal rise in new business premiums
Latest data shows the central bank sold only $107 mn in the spot market, on a net basis, in May
The push comes after revelations that some of the same practices that have haunted the foreclosures of homes
The ratings firm maintains negative outlook on the long-term debt and deposit ratings of large UK banks
But the new authority will be handicapped by the fact that it will have to wait years
Two foreign banks bid Re 1 for NHPC mandate; IndianOil to see an encore
Bank credit showed signs of recovery as the latest data released by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) showed that credit grew by Rs ...
Central Bank of India has revised the base rate from existing 10.25% to 10% from July 15
Private equity deals in India were up 15% at $4.72 billion during the first half of this year and the outlook for the second half ...
Private life insurer Reliance Life Insurance has posted a 100% rise in new business premium for the quarter ended June 30, 2013
Till recently, financial inclusion was nothing more than an onerous, target-driven corporate social responsibility for banks.
But ...
Rupee gains ground after regulators take steps to rein in currency's decline
Reserve Bank of India to issue guidelines by end-September, in discussion with government on tax implications of the alternatives
Hires EY to look for new investors to meet the eligibility norms of the Reserve Bank of India
Shiv Vani Oil; Educomp Solutions are new meaty cases
The non-banking finance company plans to raise Rs 375 cr with a greenshoe option of Rs 375 cr
Also advised banks to closely monitor progress in seeding Aadhar numbers in bank accounts of beneficiaries
Industry experts added the exiting commission structure and cap are based on the Insurance Act, 1938, and Insurance Rules, 1939
Will replace the British Bankers' Association in early 2014
Foreign loans accounted for 16% of SBI's Rs 10,80,000 cr loan book as of March 31, exchange filings show
Insurance companies are likely to push non-participating products, as compared to participating products, post the implementation ...
State targets agricultural growth of 5% for the 12th Plan period
The Central Excise Intelligence has found service tax evasion of about Rs 200 crore by around 2,000 debt recovery agencies ...
Uttar Pradesh wants commercial banks to increase agricultural credit to farmers and simply loaning process to bolster investment ...
Sudhir Kumar Jain has assumed charge as Chairman and Managing Director of Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank on  ...
Tightening their noose on loan defaulters, banks have decided to 'name and shame' the guarantors of such borrowers as well by ...
RBI meets oil firms to consider dollar sale window; outlook remains bearish
The bank is in a comfortable position and the required capital infusion could be borrowed from the govt
Uniform price auction switch by RBI inadequate, with further fall expected in the currency and rate cut hopes diminishing
Inflows from remittances may touch $73 bn in 2013
Exchange rate volatility jumped the most in almost two years during the last quarter as the rupee slid 8.6%, Asia's worst ...
To push long-term premium products, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority had last year advised insurers to go slow ...
The move is aimed at improving dollar inflow at a time when the rupee is weakening
RBI has received 26 applications for new banking licences; may issue new licences in 2014
Union Bank is the third public sector bank to reduce the base rate
The government today made three top appointments for public sector financial firms
Single premium products are expected to see a continuing slide in new business premium collection, with insurance customers ...
The Bombay High Court today deferred the hearing on petition filed by Madhu Kapur seeking a direction to Yes Bank's board to ...
Financial services dept wants wider consultation with stakeholders
RBI has been concerned because the rupee has weakened by 12% since the start of this financial year
Foreign brokerage Deutsche Bank has pegged India's GDP growth rate at 6% this fiscal following the recent policy measures, even ...
Only 18% of single working women make their own investment decisions and 77% of the fairer sex depends on spouse or parents for ...
According to the existing regulations, a bank can only tie up with one life, one non-life and one health insurance company
Further easing likely to be limited as banks might need to attract more deposits to meet expected rise in credit demand
Insurance firms want bancassurance guidelines be revised
The rupee ended at Rs 60.24 per dollar compared with previous close of Rs 60.13
Last year HDFC, LIC Housing Finance and Dewan Housing Finance had applied for raising money through ECBs
The case between YES Bank and Madhu Kapur, widow of the bank's co-founder Ashok Kapur, did not come up for hearing on Friday in ...
IDF is jointly promoted by ICICI Bank, Bank of Baroda, Life Insurance Corporation of India and Citicorp Finance (India)
Delhi court rejects anticipatory bail plea of IDFC Capital CEO
In the last fiscal, the banks and housing finance firms together disbursed around Rs 130,000 cr
M S Raghavan, today took charge as chairman and managing director of IDBI Bank
Foreign arms of many Indian firms under lens, have to seek approval to launch certain products
RBI to discuss Kumar Birla's board position with the government
FinMin identifies 17 lenders who wrote off Rs 11,000 cr loan vis-a0vis Rs 4,000 cr recovery in Q4
Says few applicants would develop into substantial banks
Reserve Bank of India reiterates it has no target for exchange rate
Move gains significance at a time when debate rages over control of Jet Airways following stake buy by Etihad
With T S Vijayan completing 100 days in office as Irda chairman, insurance industry officials are hopeful of a turnaround in the ...
Says the move would help improve financial inclusion and generate jobs
Final decision on time-gap between successive issuances key, say experts
RBI's was referring to the chit fund scam of Saradha Group which allegedly defrauded thousands of investors
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank today reduced its base rate by 30 basis points from 10.25% to 9.95%
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should become a "knowledge institution" to respond to the changing global economic scenario, said ...
Even after the Reserve Bank of India reluctantly reduced policy rates by 125 points since 2012, there has been no sign of the ...
Subbarao said lending rates have to be reduced to attract investments
BoI reduces base rate 25 bps; others to follow suit
Tony Fernandes looking at leveraging Tata Group's retail base to expand its sales operations in country
The Bill needs assent of 272 MPs in Lok Sabha, of which 204 belong to Congress and 100 other MPs have assured support, increasing ...
Capital outflows, importers' dollar demand weigh on value
Tentative data from Prime Database shows that corporates raised Rs 72,075 cr in April-June this fiscal
LAF borrowing dips to Rs 17,215 cr on Wednesday from Rs 74,780 cr on Tuesday
The RBI governor gives attributes for the central bank to be future-ready, to facilitate itself to transform knowledge into
Says action will be taken against defaulters, especially when there is a case of wilful default
Porting from one health plan to another of same insurer is now out of portability norms
BK Modi-promoted group registers company 10 days before the deadline
The central bank deferred the six-month gap clause and said the appropriate gap would be reviewed
The add-on cover aims to provide complete car and passenger protection
Long-term counterparty credit ratings for Barclays and Deutsche Bank were cut to A from A+, while Credit Suisse Group was reduced ...
Ajay Piramal's Indiareit, ASK and Essel plan to launch new funds; HDFC raises funds after long wait
The banking sector is expected to face headwinds from rising provisioning requirements, lower treasury gains and pressure on ...
Mumbai based public sector lender Bank of India today decided to cut its base rate by 25 basis points to 10%. New rate would be ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has relaxed its claim settlement norms to ensure faster claim settlement to the Uttarakhand flood ...
India's state-run banks aim to open more than 8,000 branches in the current financial year ending March 2014 and hire over 50,000 ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday said it would hold off from implementing a notification issued last week that mandated a ...
A government-run entity cannot come under RBI purview
Using brand names of parents will help bank aspirants connect with new customers
Scale of risky corporate positions remains significant; poses higher default risk
RBI is expected to grant new licences by March next year
It was felt that Gogia was considerably short on expertise in areas prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India
Suryamani Financing Co Ltd (SFCL) is part of the Kolkata-based Pawan Kumar Ruia Group, promoter of the beleaguered tyre-maker ...
Bank's total business as on March 31, 2013, reached Rs 3,66,501-cr from Rs 3,21,707-cr a year ago, an increase of around 13.28%
The foreign reserves have fallen at the fastest pace in more than a decade to a six-year low of $37.2 billion
Surprise pack includes Smart Global Ventures, INMACS Management, Suryamani Financing and UAE Exchange
Most economists expect status quo on key policy rate in the first quarter review of monetary policy on July 30
If the Reserve Bank of India decides to issue these, market is likely to buy even more of these than WPI-indexed ones
Reflects resilience in earning; control on asset quality
Experts say this has raised concerns about the quality of academic output from institutions
Says banks should not discriminate between their customers at home branch and non-home branches under the CBS platform
Probes into potential rigging have expanded beyond interbank lending rates
The agreement includes 3.7 million mortgages originated from 2000 to 2012 and sold to Fannie Mae
Good track record, established brand name, wide network coverage and financial inclusion become catchwords in rush for banking ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Monday received 26 applications for new banking licences, including from many large corporate houses ...
The van will be deployed to pick up cash from the doorsteps of business and government establishments
The country's largest microfinance today applied for a full-fledged banking licence.
The MFI, which has about 4,6,00,000 ...
Muthoot Finance Ltd, India's largest gold loan company, has applied for a banking licence to offer full fledged banking services
The Rs 60,000 crore Shriram Group, today said that Shriram Capital, which is the holding company of all its financial services ...
Jet Airways has enhanced its partnership with HDFC Bank by launching India's first premium debit card, the 'JetPrivilege-HDFC ...
The Bombay High Court will on Monday take up a petition filed by Madhu Kapur seeking a direction to the YES Bank board to induct ...
Canara Bank has launched the Aaadhar Samruddi Card, an Aaadhar-enabled debit card that enables cash withdrawal at ATMs and also ...
The urban co-operative banks in Andhra Pradesh have been fully insulated from the sudden fall in the gold prices
Bank's board met on Thursday afternoon after the High Court directed bank to advance its board and consider Gogia's appointment
King, 65, now hands an enhanced BoE to Mark Carney on July 1 after 10 years at the helm of UK policy making
No word on appointment of Shagun Kapur Gogia
Median forecasts by 10 currency experts show Rs  is expected to trade at 58.75 against $ in a month
Move comes after alleged violations in KYC, AML rules by banks
In the personal loans segment, credit to consumer durables grew 22% compared to 13.5 last year
Also to study international experience in addressing issues relating to benchmarks and draw suitable lessons relevant to the ...
Nomura said the rupee was still 17.6 per cent overvalued
Pressure on developers to offer discounts is the main trigger
Promoters will dilute their stake in company's non-banking arm to meet RBI norms
The group products, not compliant to the new guidelines, were to be withdrawn from July 1
The scale of CDR continued its record-breaking streak for the second year in a row
The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond 7.16% 2023 ended at 7.45% on Friday compared with previous close of 7.56%
Arun Kaul said that bank had adopted a strategy to diversify portfolio from large corporates to MSME, retail and agriculture
According to RBI's sectoral credit data for May 2013, personal loans showed a rose by 16.3% in May 2013 compared to 13% in May ...
Rise in external debt a concern; outlook revision by rating agencies reassuring
Should have clear segregation of duties of marketing personnel from other branch functions
The rise in external debt was primarily on account of short-term trade credit, ECBs and NRI deposits
Bank decides to file outcome directly to the court on Monday
NPAs, debt recast fall in March quarter
RBI has asked banks to ensure no credit is enabled for import of any form of gold
According to the guidelines, if the bonds are traded and quoted, it would be at their current market value
RBI released Jan - March CAD figures, which was better than anticipated, before market hours and two trading sessions ahead of ...
IFCI, Tourism Finance Corp, Bajaj Finserv among others ready to make banking foray
The facility has been branded 'Indicash'
RBI has brought private placement for NBFCs at par with other financial firms under Companies Act
Central bank's comments assume significance in context of recent chit fund scams in country
Says Mrs Gopinath has earlier deposited Rs 10 cr after the Debt Recovery Tribunal has given the nod for auction
The Department of Posts today submitted application before the Reserve Bank for a licence to offer full-fledged banking ...
IT major Infosys' Core Banking Solution (CBS) Finacle will power 7 District Central Cooperative Banks (DCCB) in Uttar Pradesh
RBI guidelines on 'fit and proper' criteria for board-level appointments will be in focus
Final date for applications is Monday and RBI has specified Rs 500 cr as the minimum capital requirement to start a bank
On y-o-y basis, both credit and deposit grew by 13.6% a year
Aditya Birla Nuvo says the company board has approved its proposal to apply for bank licence
RBI has also asked the banks to put in place appropriate business continuity plans (BCPs)
Appoints SBI Caps as advisor, awaits Madras High Court's nod for the IPO
The central bank, however, set some conditions---the service provider and the borrowing company must have a specific pact
Rupee depreciation and a slowdown in capital inflows make it harder for business to service liability, while keeping pressure on ...
Subsequent to pause after 2011 attempt to exit didn't come off, mandate given this time to Kotak Mahindra
Enterprise value, say sources, set finally around Rs 280 crore; deal to be announced next month
Deals in IT/ITeS space fall 29% between January and June this year
The company has built a flat organisational structure where there are no middle layers even when it comes to claims settlement to ...
Anil Ambani group's Reliance Capital (R Cap) has roped in Japanese investor's to pick up stake in the proposed bank by agreeing ...
Post the completion of consulting and IT services provider Mahindra Satyam's merger with Tech Mahindra, the combined entity ...
Many insurance companies feel inadequately prepared to face certain megatrends that will impact the industry in the coming years, ...
Reliance Capital today said that it will apply for a bank licence.
It added that it will sell 4-5% stake in proposed bank to ...
Lender to be more active in filing suits against such firms: Chaudhuri
Duration, in number of years, is a measure of how sensitive the price of fixed-income instruments is to a change in interest
Directs LIC to open major camp office in Dehradun to settle the claims on centralised basis
Aditya Birla Nuvo gets board's nod, Videocon submits application
Extends deadline for ECBs for 3G; Civil aviation
These are owned and operated not by a bank but a non-bank entity
The bank is issuing 14.39 mn equity shares with a face value of Rs 10 each to qualified institutional buyers
Exim Bank's India book is estimated at about $8.2 bn
Non-life insurers collected Rs 13,552 cr in the first two months of FY14 against Rs 11,333 cr of FY13
NRI deposits stood at Rs 33,114 cr for FY13 as against Rs  25,400 cr last year, an increase of 30.31%
L&T Insurance and E-Meditek Global have jointly launched a pre-paid card for instant cashless claim authorisation, called ...
This would be a growth of 12.5 per cent over Rs 40,000 crore disbursed by Sidbi in last fiscal
Earlier, the RBI had imposed similar restrictions on commercial banks and NBFCs
Edelweiss, SREI boards clear proposal for applying; deadline July 1
No instance of money laundering found, Kochhar comments on Cobrapost sting at 19th AGM
Earlier concept paper for pool mechanism stuck on details
Withdraws minimum paid-up capital condition for HFCs
It has been designed in a way that allowed layering of a gold leaf within the plastic layers that make a credit card
Hives off NSDL e-Governance Infrastructure Limited as separate company; appoints Gagan Rai as its MD & CEO
The German lender, which has 17 branches in India, saw its net advances rise 78% from a year earlier to Rs 22,374 cr at the end ...
Bond yields rise as foreign institutional investors sell heavily
Dy Gov Anand Sinha said the central bank and the Indian government are taking necessary steps
Tata's to set up 15,000 ATMs in 3 years
The impasse has led investors to demand higher premium to fund weaker European lenders
The decision can be reversed if there is any relaxation on this front
With the July 1 deadline to apply for bank licence is nearing fast, more corporate groups seem to be jumping in the fray.
The ...
Mahindra Finance - a non-banking financial company (NBFC) arm of Mahindra group has decided not to apply for the bank licence
Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd today said its board of directors has approved a proposal to apply to Reserve Bank of India for ...
There is churning at the top in IDBI Bank's two group entities.IDBI Federal Life Insurance managing director (MD) & chief ...
According to IT Secretary Rajesh Agrawal 6.35 crore Aadhar card enrolments have been done in Maharashtra
State Bank of India plans to hire 10,000 officers and employees in the current fiscal to spruce up its operations
SBI Caps, the investment banking arm of State Bank of India, should gain more expertise to help domestic companies acquire ...
The growth rate of Indian insurance industry is likely to be less than 5% in the current fiscal, according to industry chamber
Finance Minister P Chidambaram's proposed meeting with chiefs of PSU banks on June 26 to review lenders' performance has been ...
The bank is expected to issue the bonds within one year from the date of filing its application
EAch office will have one LIC employee and empowered agents to collect premiums
State Bank of India has the largest presence in the state followed by Bank of Baroda through its subsidiary Nainital Bank
The dividend of 500% on a share of face value Rs 10 was approved at the annual general meeting of shareholders which was held
According to sources, the Swiss bank will submit a roadmap on winding down its banking business in India
Public general insurance companies to collaborate for speedy settlement of claims
Reliance Capital stops gold loan, gold coin sale
A committee headed by S Vishvanathan would report to the board and will finalise the name
In its earlier regulation, Irda had proposed two categories for death benefits-single products and non-single products
The encouraging response came at a time when FIIs have been pulling out from Indian debt market heavily
Life insurance premium in India still stands at Rs 13,000 annually, said SB Mathur, member (part time) at Insurance Regulatory ...
Uttarakhand floods that have claimed over 100 lives in the last few days has also got insurance companies preparing for the claim ...
Government and Reserve Bank to take steps to arrest the fall of the currency
This month has a double blow for oil marketing companies (OMCs), with the rupee at an all-time low versus the dollar, even as ...
The idea is to take feedback on the ground situation and get a sense of the implications
Old health products can be sold till September 30
The total market demand was Rs 39,171 crore today compared with a demand of Rs 10,146 crore last time
LIC HFL's board has cleared a proposal in this regard
The state govt has failed in making any blueprint for the scheme
One of RBS's 10 biggest investors warned the move could damage the wider economy
However, CMD sees domestic prices, demand improving
The five lenders, including Barclays Plc, Lloyds Banking Group Plc and RBS Group Plc, have already submitted plans to raise half ...
Total funds held by Indian individuals and entities included 1.34 bn Swiss francs held directly by Indian individuals and
Former UBS and Citigroup trader Tom Hayes conspired with employees from at least 10 financial institutions to manipulate ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank launched 'Kotak Junior', a savings bank (S/B) account for children and recurring deposit (RD) scheme.
Kotak ...
Leading private sector lender ICICI Bank's UK arm has launched HiSAVE Remittance Account, an online savings account specifically ...
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The Reserve Bank of India is likely to soon start placing surplus government funds with banks through ...
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The RBI was again seen selling dollars around 59.90 rupee levels via state-run banks, three dealers told ...
The Reserve Bank of India is unlikely to cancel Friday's 150 billion rupee bond auction for now, officials close to the ...
India has no plans to increase the size of its inflation-indexed bond issuance in the first half of the current fiscal year, a ...
But weakening rupee might continue to be a dampener
Presently insurers permitted to enter Forward Rate Agreements, Interest Rate Swaps and Exchange Traded Interest Rate Futures with ...
Due to online data theft, cyber liability insurance has been in demand by corporates
The plan provides the policyholder a lumpsum benefit at maturity with life insurance cover
Indian industry had witnessed the largest size of PE investments during years 2006-2008
Co-investment - many private equity (PE) funds coming together to invest in a company - is fast emerging as a strategy in India, ...
Short-term, unrealistic expectations could lead to sour relationships, charges of corporate governance failures
In its latest expose, portal reveals 'ethical bankers' who refused to launder money in addition to charges on foreign banks
Diversified financial services group, Edelweiss today said it would take a decision on applying for a bank licence in its board ...
Tourism Finance Corporation of India today said the board has approved a proposal to seek licence from RBI for setting up a bank
The auction will be conducted using uniform price method
PwC's new report, Insurance 2020: Unleashing the value from values, finds that when there are so many economic, structural and ...
Outcome of US Fed meet on quantitative easing eyed
You can now afford the credit card that is preferred by uber rich families and celebrities across the globe
Religare promoters to pare stake in the company; IDFC board gives go-ahead to apply
Stresses need for action to stop further deterioration in the global economy
Insurers say grievances are much lesser when one has an internal TPA
The securitised paper, backed by construction equipment loans, tractor loans and mortgage loans, continued to exhibit a stable ...
Reg S bonds are offered to non-US residents and qualified institutional buyers under an exception to US securities laws
In all 59 accounts of small, medium size and some large companies are up for sale
The revamped Privy League consists 3 new tiers - Prima, Magna and Optima - which will offer more banking options, exclusive ...
The bank offers personalised banking, equity broking and wealth management services
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The RBI on Tuesday relaxed premium payment rules on some forex options by allowing the buyer of the option to ...
Standard & Poor's (S&P) Ratings Services today assigned 'BBB-' long-term issue rating to a proposed issue of Chinese ...
Given the cost of funds and pressure on margins, need prior movement on these, reiterate bankers
Might go up as Reserve Bank stays hawkish; to dent banks' trading profit
Your wait to borrow money at cheaper rates will continue as banks are unlikely to pare lending rates anytime soon
Bank of Baroda - country's second largest lender said that as of now status quo would be maintained on lending rates and it is ...
Although the liquidity situation is within the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) comfort zone, Certificate of Deposit rates have ...
The Hyderabad-based company's group insurance segment currently contributes Rs 150 crore
Liberty Videocon General Insurance Company Ltd, a joint venture between US-based Liberty Mutual Insurance Group and Videocon ...
SBI treasury, which is the second largest in the country after LIC's, chipped in Rs 810 crore to the total profit last fiscal
Group will have a board meeting this week where board will formally give its go ahead for application
To register as a sub-broker, a company and its limited liability partner should have paid-up capital of at least Rs 5 lakh, the ...
Despite liquidity situation in central bank's comfort zone, rates of Certificate of Deposits (CDs) have remained elevated amid ...
State Bank of India, country's largest lender has paid the advance tax of Rs 1,202 crore in the first quarter against Rs 1,173 ...
Companies are required to pay 15 per cent of their total advance tax in the first quarter
We have got a good handle on the NPAs the accretion of which has somewhat halted, says SBI chairman Pratip Chaudhuri
The institutions which have been upgraded include five public sector banks, an overseas subsidiary of Bank of Baroda, two private ...
Issue arrangers say coupon rates for foreign bonds may harden next year due to a pull-back of the US Fed's third round of ...
Government securities (G-sec) ended lower on selling pressure from banks and companies.
The 8.33 per cent G-sec maturing in 2026 ...
Insurance regulator has till now cleared 50 products under the new guidelines
Focus on highest selling policies; engage more brokers to push premium
Selection crucial, as one of them likely to head bank after Chaudhuri retires in September
FSLRC chief defends panel suggestions to overhaul financial system by merging oversight functions of market, commodity, insurance ...
As of March 2013, the bank's total business stood at Rs 2,636 cr, of which Rs 1,533 cr has been from deposits, while advances ...
State Bank of India has notched up nearly 60% uptick in deposits so far this fiscal, partly due to the flight of savings from ...
HDFC Holdings has invested in PeopleStrong, HR outsourcing and technology company.
Apart from HDFC Holdings, Lumis Partners, a ...
RBI action, Fitch revision help a rebound
Status quo in policy will lead to rise in yields, hurt banks' profitability
Borrowers might have to wait a little longer for lower rates from banks, if the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) does not cut rates in ...
The chairman of the nation's largest bank stressed the need to give more attention to the industrial sector
Banks disbursed new credit worth of about Rs 48,900 cr in the fortnight, while accumulated deposits of about Rs 92,200 cr were ...
Deals have soured after issues related to handling cash and businesses; investors want more reassurance before starting ventures
Despite slowdown, smaller firms attract growth capital
The focus of the Varhad Group is on the impact investment segment
If you can't buy them, bankrupt them.Three months ago, Ambow Education Holding, a troubled operator of tutoring centres in China ...
The Indian Bank has mobilised a non-life biz for UIIC, to Rs 31 crore in 2012-13
States with high banking penetration have low share of rural and semi-urban credit, according to data from Reserve Bank of India.
Outstanding restructured advances of 10 large banks stood at Rs 1,77,333 cr, of which only Rs 58,366 cr is under corporate debt ...
Gross non-performing assets up 32% in FY13; 40% rise in loan recast
Awareness about need to have good credit record prompts users to pay on time
Experts believe move will bring in inflows of $5-6 bn over the next few months
IFFCO Tokio General Insurance sees biggest opportunity in insuring trips within India
European Union finance ministers will grapple next week over how far the bloc should standardise its approach to writing down ...
Says heightened volatility makes debt rollovers difficult or at high interest rates
The company will receive capacity building support and business mentoring services over the next 18 months from the WB group
A source indicated that disagreement between promoters primarily over right to nominate directors on bank's board
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) inflation expectation survey of households shows future inflation expectations remained higher ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce today slashed interest rates on term deposits of less than Rs 1 crore across various maturities by 0.25 ...
Standard Chartered plans to expand its transaction banking business to capture global trade flows that are increasingly shifting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) purchased $518 million dollars in the month of April on net basis, according to data released by ...
The UK government, which owns 39% of Lloyds and 81 per cent of RBS after giving them a 65.5 bn-pound ($102 bn) bailout during the ...
Barclays Plc, the UK's second- largest bank by assets, plans to have found a replacement for Finance Director Chris Lucas by the ...
But says no prima facie evidence of money laundering
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The rupee dropped to a record low in early trade on Monday tracking gains in the U.S. dollar after ...
SBI has an exposure of about Rs 150 crore in the company which is in default of about Rs 500 crore of loan
RBI will also involve enforcement agencies and tax authorities before it issues new bank licences to corporate entities for which ...
Appointment of directors put to vote; Bombay HC to have final say
Rates for a 30-year home loan rose to 3.91 per cent in the week ended today, from 3.81 per cent
Timeline of developments since bank was incorporated in 2003 to the current feud
With banks' lending remaining high, non-banking finance companies are increasingly look for alternative ways to meet their ...
Expected narrowing in CAD, strong inflows seen as saviours
He warned that large fiscal deficit would have spill-over effect on balance of payments situation
Life insurers collected total premiums of Rs 4,965.37 crore for April this year, a 0.57 per cent rise over the same period last ...
The review note should be furnished to the board or audit committee of the board at quarterly intervals
Standard & Poor's (S&P) on Friday cut its long-term credit rating on Core Education and Technologies (CORE) from 'B+' to ...
Banks are presently required to put in place a system of concurrent auditors to look into and report genuineness of the documents ...
'Raise profitability to meet Basel-III capital needs over next five years'
To open offices in all tier-IV towns by end of FY14
Directive comes in wake of concern over extent of non-performing asset problem
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Thursday said a committee had been appointed to "identify and help" re-start as many as 215 ...
At present, banks could be fined Rs 1 crore for a single violation
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram today launched the first social impact fund registered with the Securities and Exchange ...
The central bank has also taken a number of steps to cut down gold imports
Department of financial services says PSU general insurers can determine acquisition costs for each age group
The Finance Minister's caution comes a day after the government raised import duty on gold to 8 per cent from 6 per cent
Complaint had said that he had deposited a cheque of Rs 5 lakh in his HDFC account on November 16, 2011 which was not credited to ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram today launched India's first Sebi registered social impact fund - the DICCI (Dalit Indian ...
IndusInd Bank today said it will now allow its customers to choose their bank account numbers.
Chidambaram says India needs more banks, more branches in small towns the backward regions of the country
Banks have also been advised to restrict advances against gold coins
Seeking to push investment to boost growth, Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked banks to pass on the RBI's rate cut ...
Private life insurer HDFC Life has launched a cover, that is compliant with the new traditional product norms notified by the ...
As per new norms, all loans restructured after April 1, 2015 will have to be classified as non-performing assets
Final norms on subsidiary route after resolving legal issues
Senior executives change jobs as new platforms emerge
The current practice sees then bank prepare two balance sheets
Private equity (PE) flows into the micro finance space in India had come down in 2012 on worries over the margin cap on micro ...
Undue advantage of CDR and Cobrapost expose also figure in public rap
Says FSDC to work only as coordination unit; Keep executive tasks of financial stability with regulators
The insurance industry, that has been reeling under the impact of macro-economic situations and low penetration, has a reason to ...
Max Life Insurance Company Limited today said the six-month time line for switching over to products approved according to the ...
Lenders to troubled jewelery manufacturer Winsome Diamonds and Jewellery (formerly Su-Raj Diamonds)are mulling to restructure the ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will make available multiple structure options to the banks to tie-up with ...
Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) central fraud monitoring cell in Mumbai has been shifted to Bengaluru regional office effective ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is planning to have a new formula for calculating persistency rates of life ...
Governor Duvvuri Subbarao today said the Reserve Bank will take a call on final guidelines for foreign banks' subsidiarisation ...
The life insurance industry has seen a net reduction of 7-8 lakh agents in the last four years, said V Manickam, secretary ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has geared up for the product refiling process by engaging additional staff ...
Restriction on premier trading houses to cut imports by 100-120 tonnes this year
Dismisses perceptions that the central bank was going soft on the errant banks
RBI has ruled out any additional benefits for the new applicants
Bank of Baroda will now charge 10.25%, its base rate for all home loans, irrespective of the tenor and amount of loan
The cut-off yield for the auction was fixed at 1.44%
While motor third party insurance is mandatory in India, own damage insurance is optional
The bank's retail NPAs dropped sharply to 60% of total bad loans in March 2013
The insurance industry, that has been reeling under the impact of macro-economic situations and low penetration, has a reason to ...
The bank organises a road show across the 109 branches in five districts to
Banks typically charge lower interest rate for an amount of up to Rs 30 lakh, after which it goes up
Subbarao said erring banks can face a maximum penalty of Rs 1 cr and  it was up to the lawmakers to decide whether this should be ...
The latest move by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to extend gold import on consignment basis norm from banks to all nominated ...
The Reserve Bank of India set the real yield at 1.44 percent at the first auction of its new series of inflation-indexed 2023 ...
India is likely to give new bank licences by March 31, 2014, Rajiv Takru, secretary of financial services, told a local news ...
No clarity yet on candidates with insurance, MF arms; track record of all firms of promoter group to be vetted
Besidesm, FSDC under P Chidamabaram also reviewed position of asset quality, additional capital requirements of banks as per ...
With companies recording a 30-40 per cent annual rise in the number of liability suits, the liability insurance segment has taken ...
General insurers see 22% premium rise
Setting up foreign branches is set to become less strenuous for Indian insurers with the Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
The Reserve Bank of India today said customer service would be better once new banks come in.
K C Chakrabarty, deputy governor, ...
Rules don't allow subsidiaries to hold stake in insurance firms
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today allayed fears of stagflation in the economy and asserted that the central ...
With rupee hitting 11-month low against dollar, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said it is not targeting ...
Change in assumption about systemic support triggers review
Step to protect margins in falling rate regime
The move comes after Cobrapost, an online magazine, alleged that HDFC Bank was one of the private lenders that violated KYC, ...
Four micro-lenders seek second round of debt restructuring
Banking regulator says separate guidelines pertaining to the non-operative financial holding company will be issued shortly
The auction would be held through the multi-security auction using the multiple price method
Growing business opportunities, lesser competition, low cost of operations in smaller urban centres main reason for new strategy
RBI is scheduled to announce its first mid-quarter review of monetary policy on June 17
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will examine the issues arising out of a Non-Operating Financial Holding ...
Reserve Bank of India will issue clarifications on new banking license norms later in the day today.
Clarification today; application deadline may be extended but no leeway on priority-sector targets
Aviva Life research says a smoker pays Rs 12,292 annually as life insurance premium for a 10-yr term plan with a sum assured of ...
The Income Tax department will file court cases for "wilful evasion of taxes" against depositors and those bank authorities who ...
The company had recorded its first full-year net profit in the financial year ended March 31, 2012
The bank also recently adopted some villages in Arunachal Pradesh in border areas adjoining China to encourage farmers against ...
The Reserve Bank has extended the deadline for banks to complete the process of allotting a unique customer identification code ...
Comfortably financing CAD through cap flows; forex reserve position strong
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) guidelines on restructuring of bank advances (loans) may stress profitability of state-run ...
The restructured loan portfolios of banks are likely to expand, as several infrastructure projects, mostly in the power sector, ...
S K Roy elevated to post of managing director
Last year, RBI had removed overall rate of interest cap of 26% but however had imposed margin cap of 10% on large MFIs and 12% ...
The central bank cautions investors to carefully evaluate investment decisions
While peak is behind restructured loans remain bugbear
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) guidelines on restructuring of bank advances is likely to stress profitability of state-run ...
Roy joined the largest insurance company in the country in 1981
The report said that with the change in classification of old restructured advances would be the reason behind this
All restructured loans to become NPA from Apr 1, 2015; Promoters' personal guarantee a must; Infra projects to get breather
He earned Rs 5.02 cr during the last financial year.
His remuneration rose 2.4% from a year
earlier
The ruling came in a transfer pricing dispute between DBS and the I-T dept
RBI likely to issue a notification in this regard soon
The RBI has issued notices to banks' managements, Governor D Subbarao said today
This will be the bank's seventh branch with other six branches in remote areas of Maharashtra
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked commercial banks to expand the reach of internet and mobile banking services
Power Finance Corp Ltd (PFC), India's state-owned lender to power projects, has posted a 46% jump in net profit for the financial ...
Total income rose 16%, to Rs 543 cr for quarter ended March 31
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will conduct the auction of new inflation indexed bond maturing in 2023 on Tuesday for a notified ...
Exact reasons behind Gannesh Bhardwaj's resignation were not immediately known
The ruling came in a transfer pricing dispute between DBS and the I-T deptIn a significant tax relief to Singapore-headquartered ...
With fewer exits and a tight money market, venture capital funds raise the bar for financing early-stage tech companies
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may allow large microfinance institutions (MFIs) having loanbook above Rs 100 crore, to keep ...
RBI thinks aspirants will need more time to finalise applications
The central banks had said gold import by banks will only be restricted to consignment basis to meet genuine needs of exporters
To repay Rs 110 crore restructured loans, release promoter's guarantee
The aim of the department is to check suspected tax evasion by these banks and possible loss of revenue by alleged illegal acts ...
However, D Subbarao governor of the central bank has hinted that RBI will not ban such sale
Says that the central bank is looking whether the present liquidity deficit is temporary or structural
The regulator will be bringing out final notifications bringing out the percentage of sum assured to be reinsured with GIC Re
The scheme will cover 20 districts to cover LPG cylinder subsidy from June 1 or before
Icra suggested a cautious approach towards monetary easing for reducing the CAD
After 19 quarters, banks witnessed a sharp drop in the incremental gross non-performing assets during January-March 2013, giving ...
Of this, non-Andhra Pradesh micro credit firms witnessed a growth of 39% compared with just 7% increase achieved by AP-based MFIs
The Reserve Bank of India has directed banks to disclose details of all capital instruments issued on their balance sheets
Insurance companies would have to be maintain a record of all transactions, said the Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) has strongly supported provident fund (PF) deduction on full ...
The Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN) on Tuesday said that during FY12-13 growth was witnessed mostly outside Andhra ...
The RBI, in annual policy review, had proposed to restrict import of gold on consignment basis by banks only to meet genuine ...
The move is aimed at curbing rising demand for the yellow metal
Investors are buying because with a further fall in interest rates, the price of these bonds will increase further
Insurers are also exploring methods of helping customers renew their policies using social networking accounts
Currently, the bank has the nationwide branch network of about 1,461 branches, of which around 900 are located in Gujarat and ...
SBI says recovery process on as no court stay yet
The number of restructured loans and defaulters have also hit record highs, but mostly for the public sector banks
Justifying the decision to treble LIC's investment limit, Takru said the Corporation was sitting on trillions of rupees which ...
Irda has issued guidelines for Indian companies to set up life, general or reinsurance business abroad
The total advances of the Bangalore-based bank stood at Rs 2,43,936 crore at the end of March 2013
The policy premium ranges between Rs 4 lakh and Rs 10 lakh, based on the sum assured of Rs 6 cr and above
Will continue to manage exchange rate to curb excessive volatility
Increase in insurance penetration is top agenda
Acting tough on fraudulent financial entities duping innocent investors, the Odisha government has decided to get these cases ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) engaged in promotion and financing of micro, small and medium enterprises ...
Parliamentary panel asks him why no action was taken against the company among others when they offer fancy rates of returns
Move comes after bank's failure to close deal with HSBC
The MoU will give SBI direct access to Latin American market
Net non-performing assets (NPAs) or bad loans of 39 banks increased by a negligible 0.8% or Rs 750 crore only in the fourth ...
The Reserve Bank of India plans to allow exporters and importers to rebook and cancel up to 50% of their total hedged exposure ...
This despite the strong inflows in domestic markets by foreign institutional investors
Steps up loan recovery to improve asset quality
RBI had cut the repo rate by 25 basis points on May 3 and now it stands at 7.25%
'Foreign insurance company' shall mean a company registered outside India whose paid-up capital is subscribed to by an Indian ...
Brokers have demanded that there should be a reduction in penalties for them
Since May 1, the rupee has fallen 3.31%, due to the increasing strength of the dollar against all currencies, as well as the ...
Higher loan loss provisions, rise in expenses led to lower profit
The funds raised would be utilised for growth of overseas business of the bank
"We have decided to do trading in high quality stocks only, preferably the Nifty stocks which have good volumes and less ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Duvvuri Subbarao went against the suggestion of a majority of external members of the central ...
State Bank Of India Chairman said on Thursday it continued to face challenges in the mid and small-sized companies segment.
Bernanke told the congressional Joint Economic Committee that the monetary policy is providing significant benefits
The Bank of Japan vowed on Wednesday to take necessary steps to reduce volatility in bond markets that has threatened to ...
The company facing liquidity stress due to delays in payments for contract work
Says states should focus on expenditure compression
Consensus among brokerages estimates is an 8.7% fall in net profit and a 1.4% decline in net interest income
Roads, logistics are priority sectors
In the last couple of months, the industry has witnessed a high demand for private equity funding
Withdrawal curbs continue to irk depositors
Fall in domestic shares also dampened rupee sentiments against the dollar
Brokers association to meet regulator to discuss further changes
Under earlier agreement, banks were to finance 70% of the electricity board's cash losses
The bank is looking at different options, including the QIP route, to raise the fund
Rising segment opting for investments in mutual funds, insurance, real-estate, commodities
Apollo Global Management LLC is the top-performing stock among publicly traded alternative-asset managers as Chief Executive ...
HSBC picks the rupee as one of two Asian currencies along with the yuan that can hold their own in a climate of sticky yen ...
Irda has become a signatory to the global supervisory cooperation and information exchange agreement under the aegis of IAIS
Based on initial experience, open to using CPI as base
Inks pact with Chinese finance group for developing infra projects
FM also reiterates case for rating upgrade, PSB bank mergers
The proportion of those confident about financial institutions and banks was the highest in southeast Asia, followed by south
In deposits, it plans 18% growth, with a 20% deposit growth in Jammu and Kashmir and 17% outside J&K
CRISIL has assigned its 'CRISIL AAA/Stable' rating to Larsen & Toubro (L&T's) Rs 1,00 crore inflation linked capital ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is open to the idea of using the Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation for providing inflation ...
The Holdco can raise long-term debt from domestic and international markets to infuse equity in the PSBs
The overdue position of public sector banks in Odisha has climbed to 59.78% by the end of March this year, against 45.90% (as on ...
Currently, the bank has 375 branches and 790 ATMs, and it aims to maintain the branch-ATM ratio of 1:2
Experts see rupee strengthening to 53 per dollar by end-December
The fall in government bond yields are expected to continue this week due to expectations of a repo rate cut in the mid-quarter ...
A single regulator for all types of loans would help credit disbursal, says Pratip Chaudhuri
While loans to agents of MLM firms have stopped, existing depositors now have to declare their investments before borrowing from ...
The bank has over 200,000 depositors across Karnataka, most of them Muslim shopkeepers.
It is understood that there is high ...
Housing finance companies (HFC) should also be brought under purview of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), said State Bank of India ...
Rejecting the bail plea of Saradha Group promoter Sudipta Sen and one of his close aides, a local court in West Bengal Saturday ...
The fall in government bond yields are expected to continue this week due to expectations of a repo rate cut in the mid-quarter ...
Icra says lending and capital norms can be phased over time
CMD says action should be taken against the media company
General insurers believe recent apex court view on the issue would lead to a more orderly growth
Loan granted under concessional International Development Association window on a long-term basis for 25 years
Hike deposit rates to face competition may impact
ING Vysya Bank has capital adequancy ratio of 13.2 %, looking at credit growth of 17 % on its current book size of Rs 34,370
Yield may fall further from current levels due to value buying and expectations of a further cut in the repo rate
Commercial banks in Odisha have fallen short of the credit target to the agriculture sector for the third straight year in
The Ministry of Finance has notified that two rural banks sponsored by Canara Bank and Bank of India are to be amalgamated into a ...
Most investors are bullish on the rupee and expect the currency to either remain stable or appreciate in the next six months
Ex-Citi CEO to be non-executive chairman of the NBFC and its proposed bank
Might initially drop due to rate cut hopes, which might not come off
Now, the maximum penalty under law is Rs 1 crore, and that is very less: Rajiv Takru
The bank said its effort was aimed at optimising capital for the ICICI Group and to improve its return on equity
Bank has already brought-down share of high cost funds in total deposits though FY13
Securitisation is a process through which illiquid financial assets are pooled and repackaged into marketable securities
The fixed deposit rate for maturities ranging from 31-45 days has come down to six per cent from seven per cent
Chancellor Angela Merkel is drawing fire from Germany's banks for pushing through regulation they say is rushed and meant to ...
A wave of investor demand that has allowed Deutsche Bank and two other lenders to raise euro six billion ($7.7 billion)in new ...
Government securities (G-sec) surge on persistent buying support from banks and companies.
The 8.33 per cent government security ...
The announcement comes on the heels of RBI cutting key policy rate by 0.25% earlier this month
Karnataka Bank had earlier during January 2010 raised Rs 160 cr through the QIP route
Finance ministry today reasserted that action on top three private banks that were alleged of money laundering by online portal ...
In tranches; details issued on returns and structure; government hopes to wean investors away from gold and its import
The project has been stalled since 1998
Deposit growth was 13.49% y-on-y, credit growth was 14.96% y-on-y in the fortnight ended May 3
Will take 14% stake; transaction will accelerate the cement major's growth plans in India
Private equity (PE) investors in India who are waiting to exit their five-six years old investments, are back into the initial ...
Avendus Capital has been hired to find potential investors
At least euro 3.6 bn ($4.67 bn) was removed in two weeks by big depositors, according to the documents
Total income for the quarter increased 14.13% to Rs 1,090.32 crore vs Rs 955.33 crore in the year ago quarter
The ratings firm also raised concerns that the Euro zone's plans for a banking union may fall short of requirements
Bankers today failed to find the way out of their troubled exposure to stalled Maheshwar Hydel Power Project in Madhya Pradesh ...
The banks operating in Odisha have disbursed Rs 21,910.93 cr loan to different sectors in 2012-13
Revival of Maheshwar hydel project on agenda; to take stock of DBT
Asks banks why a penalty should not be exposed
Short term rates to fall further, WPI inflation slipped to sub-5 level to stand at 4.89% in April against 5.96 in previous month
Says there had been no overall change in ECB limit which is $40 billion
Central Bank of India to appeal in SC against HC order restraining campus hiring
Says the bank's NPA may reduce to Rs 51,000 cr from Rs 53,000 cr at the end of December 31, 2012
The Reserve Bank has directed banks to do away with stapling of note packets and issue only clean currency notes to the public.
Owing to Winsome group default, lenders could seek higher collateral and margins
A confidential report prepared by Reserve Bank of India on Cobrapost expose on HDFC Bank, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank in March this ...
Bank of India has planned a Qualified Institutional Placement offer in the second half (October-March) of this financial year, to ...
Crime was carried out by a syndicate and involved breaking into the computer systems of global financial institutions
Total income increased to Rs 9,265.55 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 from Rs 8,777.73 crore last fiscal
As announced earlier, consignment imports restricted; jewellery trade fears rise in costs, especially for smaller entities
In the financial year ending March, 2013, the bank achieved a 19% growth in advances (Rs 1,49,423 cr) and 17.4% growth in
Gold and silver imports stood at $7.4 billion in January while in February and March it aggregated $5.7 billion and $3.3 billion ...
Higher trade deficit in turn puts pressure on CAD, which has been described as the biggest risk to the Indian economy by the RBI
State-owned banking and financial services company Bank of Baroda reported a 32% fall in net profit today at Rs 1,028.85 crore ...
State-owned Canara Bank plans to raise up to $1 billion (about Rs 5,487 crore) through bonds this month from the overseas market ...
Higher provisions and contigencies pull down profit, total income  for the quarter rises 17.24%
SoftBank Corp is playing it rough in its attempt to keep Dish Network Corp from breaking up its $20.1-billion deal to take ...
The bank registered the highest ever net profit at Rs 502.27 crore and achieved NPA recovery of Rs 204 crore
New norms a big hurdle; life insurers petition Irda
Seeks cost effective regulations with better returns than premium deposited for investors
Report startes, by 2020, internet will constitute 15-20% of gross direct premium in personal line products
The central bank was looking at asset markets closely for signs of excessive risk taking: Bernanke
The common Third Party Administrators (TPA) that would be operational from January 1, 2014 will see the four public general ...
IDBI Bank has reduced the retail term deposit rates (i.e. deposits up to an amount less than Rs one crore) in two short-term ...
10-year yields at near-three-year low on rate cut hopes
PNB net dips 20%, Indian Bank slips 15.4%, Union Bank of India sees just 2% rise in profit
RBI would retire foreign exchange forward sale contracts to manage liquidity
Online portal shows tapes of employees of 10 banks seemingly complicit in money laundering; says it's a system
Growth backed by growth in premium and reduction in losses
Lagged effects of lower interest rates, slightly stronger exports and improved equity market performance may help
The bank has kept an ambitious target of 30% growth in the segment this year
Enables registered users of ICICI Bank's money transfer tracking service keep track of their transfers through their smart phones
Statement came hours after online magazine Cobrapost named four new banks as having offered money laundering services
Note says infrastructure is the biggest risk for the banks during the fiscal, which will see the gross bad assets ratio climbing ...
He was responding to queries on what steps the bank had taken to prevent fraudulent withdrawal of cash from accounts of SBI ...
The CDR in the state had long been hovering in the range of 45-48% over the last several years
Cobrapost has accused a number of public and private sector banks as well as insurance companies of running a nation-wide money ...
Online portal Cobrapost had accused as many as 23 banks, including SBI, and insurance companies of running money a nation-wide ...
Lower growth in advances was attributed to the increasing demand from corporate sector opting for dollar loans
The bank has also initiated the exercise to bring all operative accounts with it under KYC norms
PNB's net profit declined 20.6 pre cent at Rs 1,131 crore during the fourth quarter of the current financial year over Rs 1,424 ...
Charging of interest is necessary to conduct banking operation in India, which Islamic banking does not allow: Subbarao
Asset quality pressures are expected to continue for banks even in the current fiscal.
It is expected that the gross ...
The State Bank of India today said it is confident of meeting the regulatory requirements at one of its US arms soon and also ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank has posted a decrease of 15.4% in net profit at Rs 292.12 crore for the quarter ended March 31, ...
Bringing down inflation without hurting growth a challenge, reiterates Subbarao
Total income rises by 15.6% to Rs 4,635 cr
Banks wishing to become insurance brokers might have to segregate a broking arm, which would be an independent accountable unit
All periodical returns are required to be filed with the authority within 30 days from the end of the quarter
Actis had invested $25 million in a JV company floated with Vaishnavi Group to construct a residential and retail development in ...
Existing investors are also expected to participate in the company's series-B fund-raising plan
Experts say Direct-To-Home players, cable operators in dire need of additional investments
RBI said those cheques required to be re-presented without any recourse to the payee should be made in the immediate next ...
Banks wishing to become insurance brokers may have to segregate a broking arm, which would be an independent accountable unit
United Bank of India labelling dues as non-performing assets
In FY13, the banking sector saw non-food credit growth of 14%, while deposit clocked growth 14.3%, according to the RBI
Lack of govt spending seen as problem
SBI suspends 2 executives, packs three on leave, begins internal audit
Citigroup Inc, the third-biggest US lender, named Steven Wieting global chief strategist of its private bank, the unit that ...
IBPS would be connecting billers through aggregators and customers through customer service points
The public sector lender has an exposure of Rs 53 cr to Arch Pharma, which is classified as non-performing
The Reserve Bank will shortly come out with its clarifications on issuing licences for more private sector banks, the Finance ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank will replace state-run Bank of India (BoI) as the trustee bank for the National Pension System ...
All named institutions deny money-laundering allegations
Finance ministry orders probe
The consortium of 17 banks has an exposure of about Rs 7,000 cr to the airline
Panel says there is an urgent need to boost India's exports so that the trade deficit is narrowed down and CAD stays within the ...
Will look after financial services and financial sponsors of IDFC
The net loss was Rs 140 cr for 2012-13, against an anticipated Rs 165 cr
Authorities have also asked for a detailed report on utmost priority with the name of the employee, his designation and action ...
Targets top-line growth in excess of 140% this fiscal
State Bank of India (SBI) today ruled out any immediate cut in lending rates even as the Reserve Bank had reduced policy rate by ...
Online media firm Cobrapost.com today made money laundering allegations against a wider set of banks and financial institutions ...
South Indian Bank has posted 26.13% increase in net profit during the quarter ended March at Rs 153.83 crore as against Rs 121.95 ...
In its continuing undercover operation "Operation Red Spider 2", Cobrapost has found major public sector banks, private banks and ...
A PSB executive said the scale of loan recast was high since three big-ticket cases, including one in thermal power generation, ...
In February the company raised around Rs 300 cr via equity issue
It plans to increase the branch network to 1,500 and expand the ATM network also to 1,500 by March 2014
The Reserve Bank's decision to restrict bank finance to gold imports meant only for jewellery exports will jeopardise the supply ...
The Reserve Bank will introduce a scheme of incentives for banks to encourage them to report detection of counterfeit notes.
The bank aims to recover Rs 210 crore dues
Company would target self-employed with a ticket size of Rs 30 lakh
RBI has asked NBFCs to initiate steps for allotting Unique Customer Identification Code (UCIC) to all their customers while ...
The move will impact the profitability of banks, especially the state-run banks which have higher NPA levels
Chaudhuri has been calling for a 100 basis points cut in the banks' cash reserve ratio (CRR), which the Governor left unchanged ...
Central bank advises all banks to stop the practice of charging customers for availing of basic services from non-home branches
The Reserve Bank also restricted the lending against gold coins up to 50 grams only
ICICI bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank were accused of indulging in money laundering
Credit grows 14.51%, deposits up 13.27% y-o-y
Irda chairman T S Vijayan raises concerns about de-growth of industry
Banks approach RBI fearing hit on balance sheet; GJEPC steps in for firefighting
Lenders, led by SBI, have begun recovery proceedings, said a senior bank official
Will launch IDF in the third quarter
State govt asks all the district magistrates take stringent actions such companies
Domestic policy uncertainties, governance concerns, the impact of earlier monetary tightening and the slacking of external demand ...
The public sector lender, which had witnessed 89% drop in net profit in the fourth quarter to Rs 59 crore due to rise in bad ...
In 2011-12, banks had disbursed Rs 4.76 lakh crore credit to farmers against the target of Rs 4.75 lakh crore
Indian Bank has revised its interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (banking) term deposits with immediate effect.
The FMCG company will use the proceeds from the proposed stake sale to expand its product portfolio
Private-equity-nominated directors on company boards will face greater scrutiny if Rajya Sabha passes the Bill
The four-day event will conclude on Sunday at the sprawling IECM complex, where wi-fi internet connection has been enabled for ...
KC Chakrabarty was referring to the recent scam which has defrauded people for several thousand crore rupees
He would however continue to be associated with the company as chair of the advisory council
The in-house third party administrator (TPA) for public general insurers would be operational from January 1, 2014, according to ...
Terming 'regulatory arbitrage' as an emerging grey area, Sebi Chairman U K Sinha today said such inconsistencies need to be ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has said it will look at raising $2 billion through medium term note (MTN) and said it would also look ...
Loan growth slows down in priority sector
According to bankers and industry analysts, the growth in private banks' credit portfolio was driven by higher demand for retail ...
Irda has recently brought out new guidelines on traditional product structure
Banks focus on retail lending has helped to boost  retail credit with outstanding retail loans growing by 14.5% year-on-year for ...
US diplomatic cables say Indian partners' private lobbying on issue at variance with public stand
The bonds, which will protect both the principal & interest components from inflation risks, may have fixed coupon rate
The total project outlay is estimated at Rs 200 cr
The life insurers collected premiums of Rs 1,07,011 cr in FY13
Managing directors in JPMorgan's mergers advisory and underwriting teams earned an average of $1.7 mn in total compensation for ...
Indian depository receipt (IDR) holders of Standard Chartered Plc can now covert 25 per cent of their original holding into ...
ECB is an instrument to facilitate access to foreign money by Indian corporations and public sector undertakings
Industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) is hoping for a 50 basis point cut in interest rates, as Reserve Bank of ...
Despite 200 bps cut in the cash reserve ratio and 100 bps reduction in the repo rate by the Reserve Bank of India since January ...
Jefferies India has raised its target price on ICICI Bank on expectations of improved growth in India's largest private sector ...
The company has a book size of Rs 700 cr at present
Last year, Stree Nidhi had disbursed loans to an extent of Rs 660 cr and earned a net profit of Rs 18.75 cr
Bank credit given to SHGs was higher by more than Rs 3,000 cr compared with the target
Says the industry was witnessing multi speed growth in terms of various businesses, and the same business house was experiencing ...
Former Japanese deputy minister Takehiko Nakao today assumed the post of President of the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
The Finance Ministry has red-flagged over 250 suspicious banking transactions, most of them related to Multi Level Marketing ...
Private sector lender Federal Bank has said it will continue to grow its gold loan-book by up to 18% during 2013-14 in spite of ...
Banks using their excess SLR holding to borrow under LAF at the rate of 7.50%
Credit demand from corporate sector may not pick-up even in this fiscal
She, however, said the bank would tighten its internal processes further, to reduce "transactional errors"
Better margin and lower provisions also drive growth
Company's total income grew by 23% to Rs 2075 cr
The bank recorded a 20.2% growth in credit and 16.8% growth in deposits during FY13
The net profit of the company during March quarter previous fiscal was Rs 60.77 cr
State Bank of Travancore (SBT), an associate bank of State Bank of India, on Friday reported an 8.5 per cent rise in net profit ...
Eyes total biz to Rs 2,10,000 cr; plans to increase branch network to 1,500
Kidwai said the bank's lending rate has come down only to 9.7-10.25% at present from 10-10.75% in April last year, which is not ...
Gold imports in value terms stood at $56 billion for 2011-12, $40 billion in 2010-11 and $28 billion in 2009-10, Minister of ...
RBI must look at 50 basis points (0.50%) cut and over the next fiscal we look at 100 basis points (1%)
The number of such cases in Maharashtra stood at 162, followed by Tamil Nadu (136), Haryana (127), Karnataka (83) and the ...
Bank aspirant says growing branch network and change in mindset are the key focus areas
To discuss idea with RBI, feel move could bring better transparency, pricing
Increased provisions on bad assets proves a drag
Pension products would have to guarantee an assured benefit in the form of a non-zero rate of return, which would need to be ...
Traditional product guideline implementation to be main agenda
RBI-regulated NBFC-MFIs are in no manner connected with chit-fund companies in any region
The newly appointed CMD said, "Initially, bank will apply for 8 to 10 licences shortly"
In a move that could bring in more transparency in the term money market and lead to better pricing, treasury officials of banks ...
It would be only fair if Debjani Mukherjee's journey from receptionist to the post of the director at Saradha Realty is termed as ...
The private lender's profit after tax for FY13 also up by 22% to Rs 5,179 cr
Sarkar seen as the front-runner
Investment bankers say the first option will be to exit in favour of another PE fund
The financial details are not yet known
In an indication to this, loans given to women SHGs under the bank linkage touched Rs 13,000 crore in the financial year ending ...
Dena Bank has launched a scheme jointly with United Insurance for covering over 2 lakh farmer customers and their family members ...
As India remains amongst the most underinsured countries in the world, Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said there is a need ...
To extend thematic review to 34 banks; rules out breach of anti-money laundering norms
RBI's Chakrabarty says meeting financial inclusion objectives won't be easy
The minimum amount that can be loaded on the card is Rs 100 and maximum is Rs 10,000
Higher interest income, better margin, lower provisions drive growth
The proposed fund-raising, through ECB route will help the firms expand their base
25 staff to remain suspended till completion of investigation
IMGC will offer guarantees against borrower defaults on housing loans, which will help expand access to housing in the country
Subbarao had even publicly said all states had been warned to act, that it was solely their responsibility
Asserts that it is the responsibility of the state govt to punish the guilty and to protect investors by confiscating the
CMPFO has invested Rs 29,363.95 crore in ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd besides Rs 16,522.5 crore in the Special Deposit ...
RBI had invited applications two months ago and the last date is July 1, 2013
Public sector lender Union Bank of India has raised $350 million through unsecured notes due in 2018 through its Hong Kong ...
Reserve Bank of India today said it has found no evidence of money laundering in the Cobrapost scam
To clarify that aspirants with pending I-T, ED or CBI cases can also apply
Commodity price correction not enough, feel many
Firms sold $6.3 bn of bonds abroad in the three months ending March 31
Declares the central government notification dated January 28, 2003, bringing cooperative societies within the purview of the ...
The segment will continue to see contraction, at least for the first six months of this fiscal
Says demand for gold loan remains strong despite lower loan-to-value ratio
Life insurer signs MoU for product distribution
The Committee in their earlier reports had expressed their view that the rural branches should be considered as a service centre ...
HSBC's plan to sell stake in the Indian life insurance joint venture with two public sector banks has run into rough weather. ...
With government set to launch the second phase of Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) scheme, Finance Ministry has asked PSU banks to ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to issue by early next month clarifications on new bank licence guidelines as sought by interested ...
A government committee has turned down an RBI proposal to limit FII investments in the secondary market, considering the ...
T S Vijayan added the proposed financial code would eliminate the grey areas that existed in the Indian financial sector
Asian currencies had their best week in seven months, as Japan's monetary easing spurred inflows into the region's assets, and ...
New norm comes into effect after Section 46 of Banking Regulation Act was amended in last winter session
Dealing with fraudulent agents has been one of the big issues for prospective and existing customers of insurance companies.
And, ...
Gold reserves remained unchanged at $25.69 billion during the week
The Sarfaesi Act is the strict law enabling seizure and sale of a defaulter's assets
Besides, the pension regulator has asked these fund managers to restrict their single industry exposure to 15% of NPS investments ...
Main reason perverse incentives; to ban staff's product sale targets
Last month, Cobrapost sting had exposed employees of these banks offering to convert clients' black money into white
D Subbarao says a failed defence of the exchange rate is worse than no defence
The proposed reform will shift over 6% of quota shares from over-represented to under-represented member
May recall loans in extreme cases; loan-to-value ratio at 60% but scrap value 75%
The foreign lender's commercial banking unit in India currently has 700 employees
Says adverse changes in operating environment cast a shadow on asset quality, earnings and financial flexibility
The banking connectivity has jumped sharply from about 67,000 villages in March 2010 to 2.11 lakh villages in December 2012
Rally driven by improving trade data and falling commodity prices, may give more comfort to RBI in cutting repo rate further
ECBs dropped 39% month-on-month in February & recorded a drop of 18% y-on-y
The rating firm believes retailers like Gitanjali Gems, Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri, PC Jewellers and Titan, which usually lease ...
The banking secretary said that he has received RBI's interim audit report on the allegations levelled in the sting operation by ...
At a time when foreign banks operating in India are reducing their employee count here, Indian banks have increased their ...
Insurance and pension fund companies may get total freedom in deciding their investments to achieve higher returns and attract ...
A falling commodity price environment could trigger much faster RBI rate cuts than consensus
Kochi-based Federal Bank launched Rupay brand debit cards on Thursday.
The debit card would be accepted on over one lakh ATM's of ...
Quantitative capital controls have been more effective for India in the short term but such limits can also be distorting, ...
Banks have started reviewing the margin after a sharp fall in gold prices
Sales growth in Q3 FY13 was 9.2% to Rs 7.5 lakh cr, as compared to 19.2% in the same period of the previous year
Will take a call on course of action with regard to allegations of money laundering by staffers of three private sector banks
The bank has started expanding its credit card base after four years
The RBI chief believes that the IMF needs to be more consultative
RBI may get comfort in cutting interest rates further
Disbursed fresh credit of Rs 83,500 cr in the fortnight ended April 5
Strong growth in low cost deposits led net interest margins to expand 20 basis points to three per cent, on year-on-year basis
Anticipated fall in global commodity prices, slowing inflation will give RBI room to cut borrowing costs
Japan's stimulus to dominate discussions on world economy, especially the repercussions on asset prices and risks of stoking ...
As employees of state-owned banks bargain hard for a steep hike in wages, the finance ministry has asked Indian Banks' ...
Infrastructure Debt Funds (IDFs) can now extend the tenure of their schemes by up to two years with the consent of two-third ...
Says 100-bp cash reserve ratio cut would reduce base rate by 20 bps
But March-end inflation could be within central bank's projection
State Bank of India's LTV for gold loans is presently at 70%
Fund to invest in MFI, small business, farm sectors
It however said that the impact of a sharp fall in gold prices in the last few weeks could be absorbed by high profitability
State Bank of India is the leader of consortium of lenders to grounded airline Kingfisher
Additionally, the country's largest lender will seek a go-ahead for raising capital from an institutional placement of shares
The Chairman of the country's largest lender said the bank's LTV ratio is based on the prices of the peak value
Old generation private lender Federal Bank today sought to allay investor fears on any likely impact on the banks business on ...
The company had borrowed about Rs 1,000 crore from 11 lenders for the first phase.
The loan had a tenure of 10 years
Say fluctuations factored in; robust collection mechanism caps risk
NPAsource.com has registered 21,470 properties across Indian cities
Policy covers fire, explosion, piracy, theft, earthquake, sinking and catastrophe such as earthquake and volcanic eruption
Some $20.9 bn worth of assets, including cash and securities, have been returned to former clients
For the past year, a special team of US bank regulators has been on a quiet mission to end the belief on Wall Street that large ...
Citigroup Inc, the third-biggest US bank, said first-quarter profit rose 30 per cent as revenue from fixed-income trading and ...
The microfinance industry saw 13% rise in deals involving sale of portfolio through securitisation and other bilateral ...
The Vizag-based bank posted 51 per cent growth in advances during FY13
In a note submitted to the RBI, the chamber has further suggested that well-run large NBFCs should be considered for new bank ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today asked all insurance companies to review the existing agreements with ...
This has comes days after successful bond issuances by State Bank of India last last week and a dozen of corporates in recent ...
General insurance companies posted a 19.3% rise in premium collection for the April to February period
Indian banks are expected to conduct over one lakh e-auction transactions during financial year 2013-14 to sell properties of ...
Prolonged monetary easing after Lehman crisis risky and difficult to disengage from, says IMF
Bankers are confident they can persuade the European Union that its proposed financial trading tax poses enough risks to ...
Private sector banks are sensing a business opportunity in villages and rural areas, following the government's decision to ...
The Mumbai-based bank expects 25% growth in credit and 22% growth in advances
In a possible record-setting year in terms of money invested in mutual funds, all the fund houses together attracted total net ...
Private sector banks are sensing a business opportunity in rural villages following the government's decision to extend interest ...
People under the age of 40 who own homes fell 4.6% in the fourth quarter from the third, the biggest drop in records since 1982
The RBI had projected credit and deposit growth at 16% and 15% respectively
The penalty has been imposed for contraventions of various RBI instructions on risk management
Hikes it interest rate on certain deposits by 25 bps, while paring rates on some deposits by 55 bps
The issue was priced at a spread of 255 bps over the 5-year US treasury
Kotak Investment Banking acted as the exclusive financial advisor to the transaction
Better margin, credit growth drive earnings
The office will cater to the branches of the public sector bank in 15 districts
Kotak Mahindra Bank today said Heliconia Pte, an affiliate of Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte (GIC), will ...
Big banks may be considered too big to fail, but their size and operational complexity create performance drags that could also ...
SBI has mopped up one billion dollars in an international bond sale programme, according to one of the merchant bankers
Raise Rs 7.3 lakh cr via bonds, CP vis-a-vis Rs 6.5 lakh cr through bank credit
The popularity of the platform has also convinced state-run lenders and co-operative banks to introduce mobile applications
There was no respite for infrastructure finance companies as well, as these are experiencing falling growth in disbursements
Removal of 10% cap gives flexibility, but returns are not high
ICICI, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank -- were last month named by online portal Cobrapost for indulging in money laundering
Basel-III norms require banks to migrate to strict net stable funding ratio, which is designed to ensure that long-term assets ...
The bank will start road shows for the issue from next week
The bonds are being offloaded through SBI's London branch and will be listed on Singapore Stock Exchange
The bonds will help investors hedge their savings against inflation
The report says that few jurisdictions have equipped administrative authorities with full set of powers to resolve banks
Central banks in US, Europe, Japan and UK attacked the longest and deepest recession since 1930s with unorthodox accommodation
This trading sleight of hand has been around Wall Street for a while
A private equity firm spun off from Bank of America Corp in 2010 has raised its first fund, allowing it to continue making ...
The Goa villa, Mumbai office could be put on the block
Trading volumes in 5-year bond exceed 10-year benchmark
Winner to get access to about 5,500 bank branches
Canadian pension plans have emerged significant players with large-scale and diversified investments
84% of the Rs 27,907 cr PE funds have gone into projects in B'lore, Chennai, Pune and Mumbai
Formal launch only after two-three months due to a non-compete deal with IEP management
The bank issued 30 million new shares to investors
The second phase of ambitious DBT scheme is scheduled to operational from July 1
In February, Indian companies had invested $1.66 billion overseas
Ratnakar Bank today said it has raised Rs 324 crore from a group of global and domestic investors to finance its expansion ...
The sub-committee of the Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) is likely to discuss the modalities of inflation ...
Promoters of HDFC Bank, India's second largest private lender, have cut their holding by 11 basis points (bps)  during the ...
Clarity to help operationalise the controversial FDI policy of 2009
Depositors may turn to dynamic bond funds and NBFC deposits: Experts
However, they don't expect repo rate cut
Sector analysts said banks were likely to earn lower corporate banking fees from a year earlier, due to a slowing in new projects
Newer channels offer fresh opportunities to increase revenue by boosting sales
Holdings of United Breweries in United Spirits has come down by 2.646 mn shares
Members of Parliament panel on finance quizzed the RBI chief on central bank's norms for awarding new bank licences
Irda advised citizens to check the entity's veracity and the insurance arrangement promised
Fed chief says banks of all sizes need to further strengthen their ability to identify, quantify and manage liquidity risks
Two new watchdogs adopt more intrusive regulation and impose higher fines which will be paid into the coffers of cash-strapped ...
The panel will take stern action against banks that allegedly facilitated money laundering
FIIs raised their holdings in BoB by 0.55% to 16.67% and by 0.08% in PNB to 18.02%, compared to the December quarter
The government has appointed V S Krishnakumar as the third executive director (ED) of Canara Bank
IDBI Bank has been engaged in the collection of Direct and Indirect Taxes of the Central Government and various State
Aspirants banking on experience and domain knowledge of veterans
Muted profit growth likely in Q4, NIMs to stay under pressure
Job on offer to these ex-bankers is of consultants.
Headhunters say contracts are for up to five years
Life insurer sees 34% premium growth in FY13; others may see positive growth too
The country's reserves touched a high of $304 bn in 2010-11 and then dipped
Card fees likely to increase to offset replacement cost
The rating agency warned the quality of retail assets may deteriorate further
RBI reduced repo rate in two consecutive policy meets-in Jan & March-by 25 bps each
Majority of money was invested in the form of guarantees
AEGON Religare Life Insurance today announced the launch of its AEGON Religare Flexi Money Back Plus Insurance Plan
Bank has 28 branches and 7 more will come up during this fiscal
This is the highest ever assistance so far and shows an increase of 24% over the last year
However, other segments, such as housing loans, car loans and microfinance loans remain stable
Move reflects fears over safety of  money following the economic turmoil in Cyprus, which prompted the nation to impose haircuts ...
The new branches to come up in semi-urban, urban and metros to complete with private banks
It will raise the funds from the market
Country's third largest private sector lender Axis Bank is targeting a 30% growth in its home loans every year over the next two ...
Country's largest bank SBI will discontinue a free accident insurance cover given to its home and car loan customers from July ...
According to insurers, renewal in micro-insurance is a difficult process
To meet Indian firms' demand for forex resources
In 2012-13, the first auction worth Rs 18,000 cr had seen devolvement on primary dealers to the tune of Rs 1,195 cr
They are breaching RBI rules forbidding forward trades, multiple people involved in the practice
Most of this money has come in from institutional investors who look to save money they would otherwise have paid distributors
The world's monetary floodgates are swinging wide open.After watching Ben S Bernanke take unprecedented steps for four years to ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is planning to transform about 700 primary agriculture ...
Ernakulam district, the financial capital of Kerala, will have a banking credit plan of Rs 12,995 crore during  the FY13-14.A ...
Insurers acting as registrars to Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) would have to disclose the income/expense ...
Fixed deposit rate on maturity between 271 days and one year will go up by 0.15% to 7.75% from existing 7.60%
Micro-insurance which constitutes about 20-30% of the product portfolio of insurers have seen a reduction in costs by almost 35% ...
With liquidity conditions easing significantly in the new financial year, banks have started reducing deposit rates which will ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has been conferred the National Award by the ministry of Micro, Small and ...
Insist on early corporatisation, external credit rating of units
Move comes at a time when industry has been asking banks to lower their lending rates to revive investments
Tell Reserve Bank of India brass this will help them reduce lending rates
Added, India's growth story was robust and its growth drivers are all intact
Credit to agriculture rose 18.4% in February, against 8% in February 2012
Since banks come under RBI's purview, a communication from RBI has helped implement the Sebi decision
Delay underlines the banking supervision panel's lack of enforcement powers
Fund to be managed by India's General Insurance Co
Four mortgage insurers will pay more than $15 million in penalties to settle claims they paid illegal kickbacks to lenders in ...
Nifty gave 7.31% return during the fiscal ended March 31, 2012, as against the funds' gain of 12.4%
High Networth Individuals (HNIs) are used to preferential treatment from banks.
They get personalised services, better rates, and ...
Insurance regulator had directed life insurers to file 'product planner' every financial year
They will be now treated at par with CBLO transactions; 10% investment limit not applicable to the category
Insurance regulator has barred micro-insurance agent to employ specified person working for another micro-insurance agent
Three-month certificates of deposit rate eases 75-80 basis points
Vehicle financing one of the major business NBFCs undertake
Loan grew by 14.1% on year till 22 March; deposits 14.25%
SBI decision follows favourable order from the Bombay High Court
However, it doesn't expect the RBI to cut rates in upcoming monetary policy review scheduled May 3
VC firm looks to invest in specialised firms that aren't in a 'rush to grow'
Scales down offshore fund size from Rs 2,720 crore to Rs 1,632 crore; also plans second re-development fund for the Mumbai market
While Barclays has cut overall remuneration levels, compensation for the top 70 executives was consistently above the average at ...
The yen and euro traded in narrow ranges on Wednesday, with investors reluctant to second-guess central bankers in the run-up to ...
It had sanctioned Rs 1,181.10 cr for various infrastructure projects under its RIDF during the period
HDFC says reduction in interest rate will depend on the cost of funds
Crop loans released to farmers accounted for bulk of this assistance amounting to Rs 7,986 crore
'To help farmers hit by drought for two consecutive years, Nabard has extended concessional crop production finance at 4.5 per ...
Axis Bank is likely to appoint Rajiv Anand as the head of its retail liabilities business, two people familiar with the ...
Reliance Life Insurance Company today launched its new healthcare solution, 'Reliance Life Easy Care Fixed Benefit Plan' for ...
CRISIL says credit quality pressure to ease but Icra believes it will continue unabated
One in 4 deals in 2013 was non-US dollar
Funds raised by REC is used in the financing and promotion of power generation, transmission and distribution
Total financial aid for agriculture and rural development activities in state touched Rs 4,388 cr in FY13
Axis Bank has announced the launch of 'empower home loan', a home loan product for the self-employed individuals.
The product is ...
PNB & OBC cut deposit rate; SBI still cautious
Government and Reserve Bank may relax norms for paid-up capital and net-owned funds
Exposure draft proposed 35-60% hike; Irda raised it only 19%
Market expects OMOs up to Rs 75k cr till Sept-end
Banks will ask the banking regulator to defer the higher provisioning norms on standard restructured advances
The Street will have to wait for at least one more week as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI will not auction the new 10-year ...
To set up a JV company for undertaking an insurance business with risk participation, CIC should have minimum owned funds of Rs ...
Agrees to a coupon rate of 8.9% for the bonds to be issued by state discoms
Says that the panel will have explicit terms of reference to exclude nobody from probe, even his own extended family
IndusInd Bank, state-run NMDC replaced IT major Wipro and diversified group Siemens on the 50-share benchmark
Punjab National Bank-the third largest lender of the country-has slashed fixed deposit rates upto 200 bps on various maturities. ...
Aims Rs 78,000-cr biz turnover comprising deposits of Rs 45,500 cr and credit of Rs 32,500 cr for FY14
Finance Minister P Chidambaram is scheduled to meet select bankers in Mumbai on April 8 to impress upon them the need to increase ...
Records 19% growth from Rs 5,091 cr last fiscal
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will meet the country's top bankers on 4 April for the pre-policy discussions in which the later ...
Punjab National Bank has cut the interest rate on single domestic term deposit of less than Rs 1 crore to 7.50% from 8.75% ...
SKS Microfinance Limited, the only listed microfinance institution in the country, on Monday announced the conclusion of two ...
Cites different reasons, including lack of focus and unconvincing results abroad
The bank, targeting to be Basel-III compliant by 2018, seeks capital infusion of Rs 1,400 cr from Centre
The bank's net interest margin had moved up to 2.30% for the December quarter, up from 1.89% a year ago
Clarifications range from issues such as the details to be provided in the licence application forms and the exact time period ...
Customers will be charged Rs 15 per quarter in case of salary or savings accounts, and the charge would be Rs 25 for current ...
Govt has also asked the banks to ensure that the amount written off by banks as bad loans does not exceed the cash recovery made ...
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) has filed a petition to wind up Vijay Mallya promoted United Breweries Holdings (UB ...
In the island nation, the damage and pain of the financial crisis are resulting in a rising anger
Experts peg film insurance share in industry at 8-10% in next 3-5 years, up from 2% at present
PNB's share of losses from infrastructure is expected to be higher than those of peer large government banks
Say the current account deficit would be lower in the fourth quarter as exports expected to pick up
Ahead of new banks' entry, clampdown seen as a contrarian move
Hinting at PSU banks, FM calls for change of attitude of treating fram loans as charity
The conference will bring together leading academics and policymakers from around the globe
Stops short of welcoming the plan, acknowledges that infrastructure gap is key constraint to sustainable growth in developing ...
This is the largest number of bank branches launched in a single day in India, a feat, which Chidambaram termed as a 'triple ...
The proposed strike has been deferred after conciliation with the govt
Despite much prodding, the government has met with limited success in changing their approach in giving loans
Union finance minister P Chidambaram today made a record of sorts by inaugurating 300 bank branches in Uttar Pradesh.
Today, arbitrage gains were as high as 9.5%
Becomes the first bank to pare lending rate after RBI's March policy
Plan to expand their product suite, taking advantage of low penetration in health
Seek data on impact of correction in gold prices
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday postponed the implementation of Basel-III regulations for the currency derivatives ...
According to some reports, the govt is expected to close the year with a Rs 75,000-cr cash balance with RBI
The total business of the Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has crossed a landmark figure of Rs 75,000 crore.
According to ...
The RBI had allowed Dhanlaxmi Bank to issue preferential shares to raise capital
Becomes the first Indian issuer to tap the Aussie bond market for funds
DHFL has decided to reduce the interest rate in 0.2-0.5% range on housing loans from April 1 while aiming for 50% growth during ...
Banks were shut almost two weeks ago as the government negotiated a $13 billion international bailout
Savers from other Euro zone countries withdrew 18 per cent of the cash they held in Cyprus in February, amid concerns the ...
RBI said KYC norms have been simplified to address the difficulties faced by Self Help Groups
In the inter-bank money market call money rate shot up in the last trading day of the fiscal
FEDAI informed banks and CCIL in a notification on Tuesday that a previous deadline of March 31 had been postponed
Selling pressure from mutual funds has also aided surge in returns
The bank hopes to close the balance sheet next fiscal at $270 million
Deutsche Bank AG declined as much as 3.9 per cent in trading here, after Standard & Poor's said it might lower the lender's ...
European Union (EU) nations approved bank-capital and bonus rules for the 27-nation bloc in the face of continued opposition from ...
European leaders said the deal averted a chaotic national bankruptcy that might have forced Cyprus out of the euro
BoE is pushing banks to increase resilience so they can boost lending and fund an economic recovery
Looks to draw down liquid assets by $35 bn; move would follow recent reduction of $67 bn
As America's strongest bank, JPMorgan Chase used to be known for carrying special sway with regulators.
Now it increasingly finds ...
Fundraising discards traditional benchmarks, deal nearing closure
But, difficult time expected, with investors unlikely to back those without credible record
The state has surpassed the national norm of 40% in share of priority sector advances, at 43.17%
L&T to acquire 51% stake in merged entity
Repo borrowing at new fiscal high; overnight rates hit 9%
The premium rates applicable to motor third party liability insurance business will be effective from April 1
Unsustainable CAD, sticky inflation & impact on pace of rate cuts all worries for FY14
A bank should limit its exposure to any other single bank at no more than 5% of its capital base
Global ownership of local sovereign and corporate notes jump $2.6 bn since Dec 31 to a record $35.5 bn on March 21
The Reserve Bank has asked banks to keep open their designated tax collecting branches on Good Friday (March 29) and the ...
To recover dues from 50 top defaulters; finance ministry wants proceedings fast-tracked
The two banks have not engaged in expanding this segment since 2008-09 due to uncertain economic environment
To offer gold loan, farm equipment and used vehicle loan from second quarter of FY14
In limited premium plans, one pays premium for shorter span of time, with the benefit of insurance cover for a longer period
Falling asset quality; pressure on profitability drive rating action
Street expects it to rise further this week
Gold loan company Muthoot Fincorp has said it has developed a first of its kind android-based mobile application that will enable ...
Due to come into force on April 1, the rules meant to restore credibility to the tainted benchmark
The new Irda chairman's biggest challenge will be to give equal priority to the growth of the industry and customer welfare
The Business Standard Insurance Round Table was attended by R K Nair, member-finance & investment, Insurance Regulatory and ...
Both General Insurance Council and Irda have made efforts to set up this pool, a formal notification giving guidance for its ...
Leading microfinance institution (MFI)-SKS Microfinance (SKS) has seen a host of positive developments recently which could ...
Global investment bank Deutsche Bank stated that investors may be too pessimistic about Indian equities, adding that it expects ...
Government bond yields are expected to rise further this week amid concerns surrounding political instability and doubts about ...
Borrowers troubled by elevated interest rates will have to wait for a bit longer for relief as bankers have virtually ruled out ...
SKS Microfinance, India's only listed micro lender, may raise Rs 3,000 crore during the next fiscal to meet its lending ...
Wind power projects face hurdles in getting bank finance
The bill, which proposes a life term for convicts, however, is still awaiting Presidential assent since January 2010
B N Srikrishna commission spares RBI for now
Outstanding on 8.15% 2022 is already at Rs 70,000 cr as on Feb 18, shows RBI data
Maker of Khalnayak, Subhash Ghai, became one of the first producers to insure his movies, starting with Taal
Says the new capital system will come into effect from April 1, 2013
The move is aimed at boosting infrastructure financing, especially for the projects in roads and power sector
State-run UCO Bank has started an internal probe to examine the functioning of its branches after West Bengal Infrastructure ...
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission, headed by former justice BN Srikrishna may recommend delineation of ...
SKS Microfinance Ltd, India's only listed micro-lender today said it has completed two more securitisation transactions ...
Says money laundering allegation not proved yet & monitoring system working well; will tighten know-your-customer norms if ...
Move comes after SKS Microfinance received an interim order from the apex court to resume operations in the state
Interest rates dropped and CD issuances have come down due to finance ministry norms, contributed to this
Report says the series of regulatory changes in FY10-FY11 significantly impacted life insurance profitability
On March 18, interim order from SC made clear that no coercive steps could be taken against the co if it complied with Oct 22, ...
The new system will bring in uniform methodology to check health of the banking system
With huge investments targets for renewable energy projects including solar and wind power, the government wants the public ...
Despite vehement opposition from various financial regulators, FSLRC proposes a unified regulator for the rest of the financial ...
Reserve Bank of India today said it there is no need to explain the monetary policy and it stands by monetary policy statement.
Talks in final stages to invest nearly Rs 1,629 crore, say sources
Low delinquencies and attractive returns on equity are proving key attractions
Deposits grow 13.14% and credit by 15.41%
Career development opportunities, training programmes, loyalty benefits among measures to retain talent
Plans to tap only global investors; Reliance Alternative Investment Fund-I may look at exits ahead of fresh fund raising
The last programme, worth $1 billion, was concluded in 2012
The bank's NPA climbed to 5.63% as on December 2012, and it plans to bring it down to 3.5% by March-end
President Park Geun Hye's administration set up a crisis group to probe whether North Korea is responsible
Accuses banks over manipulation of the London interbank offered rate
Reliance Life Insurance today announced launch of its new healthcare offering, 'Reliance Life Care for You'
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has extended a Line of Credit (LOC) of $41.60 million to the Government of the Union of ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) today signed a tripartite memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Social Fund ...
The state-run IDBI Bank has successfully raised $500 million through a five-year bond sale
Insurance and reinsurance companies have to make huge payouts from their reserves as the country does not have a catastrophe pool
Despite the developments related to Cyprus, the response to IDBI Bank's bond offering was robust, with the issue getting  ...
After infusion, the government's shareholding in SBI increased to 62.31% from 61.58% earlier
While LIC saw a dip of 6.3%, the life insurance industry as a whole saw a 6.1% fall y-o-y
Following the Supreme Court interim order, SKS Microfinance Limited, the only listed micro finance institution (MFI) in the ...
General insurers have seen a 19.36% rise in premium collection for April to January period this fiscal, compared to same period ...
'Need to support growth and asset markets may prompt RBI to go for further monetary easing'
Liquidity situation continues to remain tight; easing seen only from mid-April
UBS has decided to quit the panel which sets the Euribor benchmark rate for lending in euros between banks, becoming the latest ...
Cyprus's parliament overwhelmingly rejected a proposed levy on bank deposits as a condition for a european bailout on Tuesday, ...
The current issue is part of the bank's $3.5 billion medium-term notes programme
The policy repo rate, which was reduced by 0.25% to 7.50% was in line with expectation
The three private sector banks allegedly involved in money laundering activities could face the hefty fines from the Reserve Bank ...
Lending rate is unlikely to be cut this month as bankers said that they will wait for further signals from RBI before lowering ...
Report by March 31; banks' gold coin sales, wealth management biz also under scanner
Rs 3.7 lakh crore borrowed in the first half of the current financial year
Micro-lender can now lend in AP without state government's NOC
Also extends time for withdrawal of non-CTS cheques by 4 months
Starting April 1, Indian banks will begin to implement the new Basel-III capital requirement
The bank is also reviewing relevant systems and processes and conducting audit of some of its branches
Restrictions on new branches, fee-based businesses could hit profitability, valuation: CLSA report
Avendus during mid-Feb acquired a fast-emerging NBFC and is in the process of structuring the growth of this arm
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India were closely looking into alleged ...
UCO Bank today said the fixed deposit receipts of West Bengal Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (WBIDFC) were ...
Centre yet to provide Rs 922 cr for recapitalisation
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would address the concerns related to liquidity in its ...
3 private sector banks -- ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank -- named in the sting operation have taken action by suspending ...
Uttar Pradesh government today announced to rescue 16 ailing District Cooperative Banks (DCB) in the state even as the Centre is ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today came down heavily on wealthy promoters who are not servicing bank loans in the garb of their ...
The survey by CII assessed the prevailing market conditions against the asset quality, capitalisation and growth estimates
British banking major HSBC is willing to take whichever route the Reserve Bank prescribes for it to operate in the country, ...
The comments come in the wake of recent reports that RBI had firmed up its mind on the way forward for foreign banks
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will meet heads of public sector banks tomorrow to take stock of their concern amid moderating ...
State Bank of India (SBI) plans to open about 1,200 branches in the country and another eight branch offices overseas, including ...
Taking cue from declining core inflation levels and sluggish growth trends, the Reserve Bank of India is likely to cut key policy ...
Zhou Xiaochuan reappointed central bank chief
After Cobrapost sting, RBI has asked the three banks - HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank - to submit details of their findings
Private sector banks in Odisha may be brought under the ambit of financial inclusion programme, an initiative of the Reserve Bank ...
Other private lenders warn staff of zero tolerance
Designs products to encourage people to opt for family-floater cover
During the period, home loans grew by 10.4%, compared to 10.5% in the similar period last year
The situation is expected to improve once government starts spending
Veteran banker and HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh on Friday said companies, particularly those in the financial sector, exploit ...
ICICI Bank fell 3.9%, HDFC Bank declined 1.1% and Axis Bank dropped 0.90% on Friday
A day after Cobrapost, an online magazine, made money laundering allegations against ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, several ...
Banks have been advised by RBI to consider issuing debt and credit cards with photographs of the cardholders to prevent misuse of ...
Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank (APGVB), a regional rural bank (RRB) sponsored by State Bank of India,  has opened 135 ultra ...
The bank borrowing at Reserve Bank of India's Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) rose sharply to Rs 1,35,000 crore in morning on ...
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The finance ministry and RBI are investigating allegations of money laundering practices at top private sector ...
Staff caught on camera offering money-laundering solutions in Cobrapost sting; ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank initiate ...
Move aimed at meeting investment limits before the end of FY13
Lenders in year-end rush for deposits
Government-owned Bank of India's $500 million bond issue opened in markets abroad today and got subscriptions five times the ...
National Insurance Company (NIC) might be listed by March 2015, following the finalisation of norms for initial public offerings ...
The government today clarified that tax-free bonds are eligible investments for companies in a bid to boost corporate ...
WPI-based inflation rose to 6.84% in February 2013 after falling to a three-year low of 6.62% in January
The online magazine alleges its investigation reveals three private sector banks are involved in money laundering
Reserve Bank of India asks ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank for details
The Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) of the finance ministry will probe the alleged sting operation conducted by online portal ...
Shares recoup early losses and end higher on short covering; opinion divided on likely trigger
Mindful of overall cost of funds to maintain net interest margin at 3% current year, the bank not going after short-term measures
The bank currently operates 114 branches in Odisha; to add three more branches to its network in Bhubaneswar region by the end of ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has set up a a seven committee to review the practices in insurance broking ...
Independent investigative journalist, Aniruddha Bahal, made the accusations in a news conference televised by a local TV station ...
With WPI inflation still under control the bank's research sees rate cut happening next week
Spice Global, a US$ 2 billion diversified conglomerate, plans to apply to Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for a banking license and ...
Taking note of allegations of money laundering in three private banks, the government has begun fact finding work
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's headline inflation picked up in February on higher fuel costs but another measure of price ...
India's stubbornly high inflation must come down to a 4 to 6 percent range, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) chief Duvvuri Subbarao ...
Credit to agriculture rose 19.8% in January, against 6.3% a year ago
Calls it a 'procedure', says there was no loss through the cancellation of deal
WB's infrastructure financing arm had parked the money with Kolkata-based bank in two separate transactions
CARE Kalypto, a subsidiary of CARE Ratings, will undertake  the business from the next fiscal
Blume Ventures sets a breakneck speed in two years of existence; time will tell if the strategy works
Economic growth has slowed and the pace of price increases is "still high and stubborn"
The company's stock closed 2.5% lower at Rs 26.5 per share on the BSE on Wednesday
JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon personally stands to miss out on about $1.39 million a year if the ...
Housing finance firm Repco Home Finance Ltd (RHFL), promoted by Chennai-based Repco Bank, is planning to explore access to ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has given a warning to public general insurer National Insurance Company ...
Allahabad Bank today said it has reduced interest rates on housing loans with immediate effect
Over the past couple of weeks, several mid caps have tumbled
The organisation can invest in bonds of private companies with dual 'AAA' rating, say new norms
In India there is an absence of a 'natural catastrophe cover' to cater to the needs of people
Demand for agricultural credit this year is sustained even if other sectors have shown lesser demand.
According to the latest ...
Banks are in the midst of attaining deposit growth targets at the end of the fiscal
Government on Tuesday said it was examining the way in which General Insurance Corporation (GIC) entered into an arrangement with ...
The Nabard paper says there is a credit potential of Rs 3,400 cr for FY14 for farm mechanisation
Global banking regulators will examine whether their new rules forcing lenders to hold more capital to absorb any future losses ...
The central bank said non-food bank credit rose 14.6% in January compared to 15.9% a year ago
French bank opens branch in Sanand; plans 4 more in the country
Government will introduce one billion pieces of Rs 10 bank notes made of plastic on a field trial basis in five cities, Minister ...
The Kotak Mahindra group today said that it raised as much as $90 million or (Rs 490 crore) for its India Infrastructure private ...
Liquidity in the system came under further pressure as banks' borrowing at Reserve Bank of India's liquidity window crossed Rs ...
Welcome opening of bancassurance but doubts linger over implementation
1.7 mn in the running for 1,500 probationary officers' positions; job profile, security and good pay lure aspirants
Indian companies invested $1.65 billion in the month of February, Reserve Bank of India said today.
Companies committed the money ...
Customers in smaller cities will have better access to insurance products, thanks to a number of proposals in the Budget 2013-14. ...
L&T Housing Finance Ltd's (L&T HFC) profitability is likely to be low due to higher operating expenses in the medium ...
Dredging Corporation of India, provider of integrated dredging services to India's major ports, non-major ports, shipyards and ...
Financial services major Srei group plans to apply for a banking licence to set up a bank with strong rural presence.
It would ...
The Japan government's choice to lead the country's central bank promised on Monday to move quickly to implement fresh monetary ...
Brazil's central bank will probably raise its benchmark interest rate this year to fight inflation as the economy recovers, a ...
The European Central Bank's record low interest rates are not getting to those who need them most because of huge differences in ...
Gold loans given by the bank's 68 branches in this region currently stand at Rs 160 cr
Adopting a name and shame policy to make borrowers pay their dues, banks have decided to publish in newspapers photographs and ...
SBH declares FY14 as SME year, targets 60% growth
Amid moderation in economic growth, Finance Minister P Chidambaram is likely to prod banks to step up lending at a meeting with ...
Global banking giant HSBC saw its headcount in India decline by 2,000 persons in 2012, recording the fourth consecutive year of ...
Amid moderation in economic growth, Finance Minister P Chidambaram is likely to prod banks to step up lending at a meeting with ...
Coffee Day Holdings, the Bangalore-based and highly diversified group, is gearing up for aggressive expansion of its financial ...
In a move to encourage women entrepreneurs, Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank on Saturday announced the launch of ...
Rates fall as liquidity eases but pressure seen due to advance tax outflow
There was a proposal to source 3-year money from banks from the resources they put into the Rural Infrastructure Debt Fund
LIC's stake in the bank stands at 5.21%; the insurer is one of the contenders for a new bank licence
The company holds 25.5% stake in insurance firm, as on Dec 31, 2012
During his 3-day visit Jim Yong Kim will also visit Kanpur and Lucknow
The move would enable efficient utilisation of Indiabulls Financials' capital, consolidating it into housing finance firm
The money raised will be utilised to complete Rs 1,500-cr dredging project and other development activities within the port
Four years after the financial crisis, US federal regulators said that many of the nation's largest banks were better prepared to ...
Citigroup Inc, the third-biggest US bank, asked the Federal Reserve for permission to buy back $1.2 billion of shares without ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijay Bank on Friday announced a big bonanza for women customers as part of the Women's Day ...
India and Bhutan today signed a currency swap agreement for up to $100 million to further economic co-operation between the two ...
HTM.
These three letters have loomed large over Indian bond markets, but the fears may be misplaced
Sanjiv Misra, former Secretary, Department of Expenditure, Ministry of Finance has been appointed as the non-executive Chairman ...
The Federal Court of Australia in its ruling has said ICICI Bank that financed Lanco Group for acquisition of Griffin Coal cannot ...
Raises $4 bn so far in 2013; companies likely to mop up another $10 bn by year-end
The next financial year could be a turning point for State Bank of India (SBI). The quality of its assets have been under intense ...
Clarifications to be put up on the central bank's website
Rise in duties, third-party motor insurance rates set to increase premiums five to 10%
With growth in life insurers' new premium business declining, insurers and agents are increasingly shifting focus to renewal ...
The company will net Rs 259.05 cr at the lower end and Rs.270.04 cr at the upper end of the price band
The credit quality of US state finance agencies is still at risk from low mortgage rates and home prices, high unemployment and ...
KIDI is a front runner among the rate making organisation in Asia, plays significant role
For the first time since the crisis Andhra Pradesh in Oct 2010, microfinance institutions have shown growth in Gross loan ...
India Ratings has affirmed the State Bank of India's long-term issuer rating at 'AAA' with a 'stable' outlook on the back of its ...
Standard Chartered Bank jointly with Asian Development Bank will work towards improving access to financial services for the poor ...
After the Union Budget announced additional sops for first time home loan borrowers, HDFC Bank has been seeing many enquiries ...
Citigroup's former CEO, Vikram Pandit, might be joining the race to become a co-applicant for a banking licence in India.
Two ...
Asks banks to take immediate action against officials responsible for lapses
The central bank has projected 16% credit growth & 15% deposit growth for FY13
Owing to Budget 2013-14's incentive to the housing sector, banks and housing finance companies are seeing a rise in the demand ...
Irda has said if the polices are procured through direct marketing, no commission would be allowed
Irda gazettes new norms on various segments, including IPO guidelines for general insurers
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank will auction this month gold jewellery weighing nearly 25 kg, which has ...
The insurance regulator has stated 199 basic items for which patients would now have to pay from their pockets
Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Bank of India (BoI) on Wednesday said they had received capital infusion of over Rs 2,050 crore, ...
The pound fell for the first time in three days against the dollar before Bank of England policy makers start a two-day meeting ...
Rifts between promoters & investors reason behind their exodus
IndiaFirst Life Insurance, a joint venture between Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and Legal and General is launching personalised ...
The major share is for crop loan at 49.62 per cent(Rs 47,808.34 crore), followed by other priority sector at 21.11 per cent
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has finalised the norms for initial public issue (IPO) by general insurers ...
Even as the Uttar Pradesh government targets agricultural growth rate of five per cent, the state ground level credit potential ...
The Reserve Bank has allowed corporates facing investigation from any law enforcement agency to raise funds through external ...
The taskforce on pensions which submitted its recommendations this week has now a dissenting voice.
The lender also plans to bring back a part of the capital from its arm in Canada
For long, insurers have demanded an open bancassurance structure to ensure they are able to tap into the wide distribution ...
General insurers in India feel the recent increase in premium rates of motor third party premiums has not been adequate.
Through ...
This fall is due to lower corporate activity and currency fluctuations
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda)  has published in the Gazette of India, five key reforms related to the ...
India Ratings has downgraded the long-term rating for HEG Ltd, the graphite electrode unit of the LNJ Bhilwara group, to A+' from ...
In contrast to Europe and the US, private-sector credit in Asia-Pacific has grown over the past several years: Ritesh Maheshwari
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will take a call on altering its 'Place of Business' Regulation, which ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has told life insurance companies to reinsure with domestic reinsurers ...
Expected to be at its highest at 5% in 2012-13, against 4.2% in 2011-12
HSBC Holdings Plc said it has provided details of the US-based clients of its group company in India to the US Internal Revenue ...
Standard Chartered notched up a 10th successive record year with a 1% profit increase in 2012, just below expectations after a ...
The Reserve Bank of India has placed several restrictions on Surat Nagrik Sahakari Bank Ltd with regard to garnering fresh ...
The global rating agency Standard and Poor's today said the factors constraining the asset quality of banks in Asia Pacific ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is investing in property in Singapore, ensuring higher grade housing requirements for its ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB), signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Indian Navy for offering Salary2Wealth account to ...
DCB Bank has tied up with Credit Sudhaar, a credit health improvement company to offer DCB Payless Card to customers.
The DCB ...
Currency market disagrees; rupee drops to low of 55.15 versus dollar but recovers on close
The provision given to Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) to invest up to 30% in a company by finance ministry, still ...
Tells banks it is not an obligation and asks them to open at least 25% branches in villages
The urban housing fund that Finance Minister P Chidambaram announced in the Budget is expected to start functioning in a month. ...
Aegon Religare Life Insurance today announced the launch of its Aegon Religare Assured Returns Insurance Plan
There is a need to design credible fiscal consolidation plans and coordination strategies to ensure an appropriate ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has estimated the prioritised resource requirement for critical ...
Being optimistic, strategists at Deutsche Bank expect the reforms momentum started in September 12 to continue.
They expect ...
The Bank has signed an MoU with Ashok Leyland for providing easy finance to vehicle buyers across its 527 branches
State Bank of Mysore has cut the Base Rate by 10 basis points and the Benchmark Prime Lending Rate by 25 bps  with immediate ...
Falling growth, inflation and lower fiscal deficit are expected to prompt RBI to cut rates
Chidambaram expressed confidence the government would get the support of the Bharatiya Janata Party for the passage of the ...
Asks Sebi to amend Securities Contracts Regulation Rules before participation of companies as 'proprietary trading members' in ...
Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL), eastern India's biggest petrochemicals company, has received a fresh loan of Rs 116 crore from ...
Few corporate and business houses are expected to join the fray
Top company official inform the decision will soon be taken at a company board meeting next month
State-owned Corporation Bank has launched a special car loan scheme at attractive rate of 10.40% for limited period
UBS AG  cut roughly a third of its Americas investment banking and capital markets group this week, including 35 senior managing ...
Experts are of the view that the target of getting the bank up and running in 8-10 months is a big task
The group had set aside Rs 1,000 crore for the banking foray
Mumbai-based public sector lender Dena Bank is planning to expand its medical equipment finance business aggressively as lending ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya bank has opened its 10th Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) Cell at ...
FinMin has estimated Rs 44,000-cr dividend from RBI, nationalised banks and financial institutions in FY14
Three state-run lenders have raised their retail term deposit rates by 25-125 basis points.
United Bank of India increased ...
New India Assurance, which has its presence in 22 countries plans to open three more branches in Myanmar, Qatar and Canada
United Bank of India today said it has increased interest rates on domestic term deposits below Rs 5 crore by at least 25 basis ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender Corporation Bank on Friday launched three new schemes  Bumper Car Carnival, Current Account ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank today raised interest rates on fixed deposits of select maturities by up to 1.25%.
In order to check frauds, the RBI has asked banks to impose monetary limit for international transactions on credit and debit ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender Karnataka Bank has raised its interest rate on deposits by 25 basis points on all fresh ...
There has been a high level of focus on financial and capital markets with a slew of measures
Move despite RBI's concerns that this could lead to conflict of interests
Interest subvention scheme for crop loans extended to private sector banks
MFIs fear competition for women's SHG lending will intensify
The move will allow them to cover currency risk
Impact of recognition of angel investments as Category-I AlF unclear
Budget did not introduce incentives to increase financial savings, which have been declining in the recent years
Projected fiscal consolidation might result in some short-term growth sacrifice, but will provide monetary policy more headroom ...
Significant attention was paid to infrastructure sector especially by announcement of industrial corridors, roads, green energy ...
Containment of fiscal deficit to GDP ratio at 5.2% in FY13 and 4.8% in FY14 are testimony to govt's commitment to fiscal ...
The finance minister has been able to contain the fiscal deficit to 4.8%
FM has been able to deliver a balanced and inclusive Budget with focus on poor, women and employment generation for youth
With an aim to increase insurance sector's penetration, the government today said banks can act as brokers to sell policies and ...
The Reserve Bank today welcomed the General Budget, saying it has laid the foundation for lowering fiscal and current account ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram's proposal to start a new bank exclusively for women has raised the hackles of a few
Finance minister P Chidambaram has set aside Rs 14,000 crore for the recapitalisation of the public sector banks (PSBs) in the ...
When it comes to usage of words in the budget speech, terms like women, youth and investors grew in count from the last year ...
Banks to be permitted to act as insurance brokers to increase insurance penetration was one of the key reform by the Finance ...
The government today said it will infuse Rs 14,000 crore in public sector banks next fiscal to ensure that they meet the global ...
The country is all set to get an all-women bank by this year with the government announcing an initial capital of Rs 1,000 crore ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today announced a sharp increase of Rs 1.25 lakh crore in agriculture credit target to Rs 7 lakh ...
Year 2012 saw private equity (PE) players increase their fund flow to the $225-billion Indian logistics sector.PE investments ...
Private equity investments in power companies saw a fall of 74% in the last two years
The new rates will take effect from Friday
Survey says global financial conditions continued to remain too fragile to provide any external growth stimulus to the economy
The economic slowdown, a rise in interest rates and aggressive lending in good times led to a sharp rise in bad loans
During April 2012 to January this year, the fall in Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)'s new business premiums, compared ...
Are we in the middle of a bull run for mergers?
If you read the front pages of many newspapers, you'd think so.
The articles are ...
Standard Chartered Plc, the UK bank that earns most of its profit in Asia, is in talks to acquire the Indian wealth management ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank raised $ 500 million by way of five-year Reg S bonds on Wednesday
The theme for 2013-14 will be Critical Rural Infrastructure for Agriculture and Rural Development
At a time when the central bank is indicating softer interest rate bias, State Bank of India  the country's largest lender  has ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) are, once again, ...
Demand for funds decreases on overall slowdown in growth and investment, besides softer rates; observers say more liquid ...
After providing a guarantee for its first pilot transaction last month, India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) hopes to ...
He is the architect of new banking licence guidelines RBI
Initially, the August 2011 draft norms released had virtually barred realtors, brokerages from its eligibility criteria
Japan has formally approached the finance ministry and the banking regulator, seeking relaxation in the guidelines for its banks ...
A US federal judge on Monday ordered Rajat Gupta, the former Goldman Sachs director, to pay the bank more than $6.2 million to ...
With fund flow from banks to the non-banking finance companies drying up, the later has requested the banking regulator to create ...
At the time when overall credit and deposit seems to missing the projected level by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) it has been ...
The credit card segment in India witnessed growth in FY 2012-13 after a four year period of sluggishness
Public sector lender, Andhra Bank, is revising the benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) downwards by 25 basis points (bps) from ...
Public sector banks plan to open more than 60,000 ATMs in rural areas during the next two years, Rajya Sabha was told today.
Prospective banking entrants are likely to face human resource challenges in implementing the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) ...
RBI gives in-principle nod to Tata, Prizm, Srei and AGS for rollout
On Friday, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) released the final guidelines on entry of new players in the banking sector
The Chennai-based Rs 60,000 crore diversified Shriram Group, has said it would like to set up a new bank, instead of converting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed ailing Pune-based Rupee Co-operative Bank not to allow depositors to withdraw more ...
Chennai-based Murugappa Group said it was interested in applying for a banking licence.
But, it will examine the guidelines of ...
As the final instalment of corporate advance tax is due on March 15, the Street expects the liquidity deficit to worsen
Says the sector will continue to face hurdles, in terms of asset quality and earnings, next financial year
Country's 27th general insurer is planning to start a portfolio with equal mix of retail and commercial products
The company plans to raise Rs 6,331.12 crore
Aims to raise Rs 3,004 cr as part of the capital infusion plan for this fiscal
This is the single largest corporate loan given to Vizag Steel Plant
Although it is a closed ended plan available only for next 45 days for people between ages 8 and 45 years
SBI, on the new banks being allowed, said, it would not impact them as much as its market share currently was about 17% in the ...
The Reserve Bank may not issue more than five new bank licences as the central bank wants to be very selective initially, ...
To invest $36 million in Dr Lal Pathlabs
A State Bank of India-led lender group is in talks with Kolkata-based Electrosteel Steels Ltd (ESL) for reworking the payment ...
Says the move of the apex bank a win-win situation for all
Urges FinMin for introduction of new schemes for allowing FDI in engineering and high-tech goods manufacturing
Financial sector analysts have termed new banking guidelines as "a balanced and pragmatic approach" on the RBI's part, as it ...
Public-sector Bank of Baroda is keen to bring down the share of wholesale advances to 40% from the present 45%, to achieve a ...
The Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN) has hinted at challenging the recent Andhra High Court order upholding the legality ...
More than a dozen corporates, including big names such as Aditya Birla Group, M&M, L&T, as well as state-owned PFC, LIC ...
Life insurers, however, feel Irda should have curbed mis-selling in this segment, rather than ban such products.Industry sources ...
Mumbai based public sector lender Dena Bank has decided to push medical equipment finance and planning to increase the size of ...
The move to issue new bank licences is intended to increase competition and bring fresh capital to an industry dominated by state ...
Final norms remove bar on sectors; applications to be accepted till July 1
Pure-play non-banking financial companies best placed to grab new bank licences
Sinha, the architect of new bank licence norms, will be a key member of the central bank
Religare, IIFL and Edelweiss are said to be interested to venture into banking
Corporates aspiring for banking licences believe this move will change the face of the financial services industry
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said it could allow corporate groups, non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) and ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are seen as key contenders to receive the regulator's green signal to foray in the banking ...
Kerala-based private sector lender Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) today announced it would launch a rights issue to infuse fresh ...
RBI final norms indicate business plan will have to address how the bank proposes to achieve financial inclusion
The European Union's antitrust regulator has widened its investigation of suspected unfair fixing of lending benchmarks such as ...
Sales growth of large-sized listed public sector companies had moderated in 2011-12 and this was steeper in services than in the ...
The European Commission wants to conclude its probe into the fixing of lending benchmarks Euribor and Libor this year and has ...
On allowing real estate, brokerage companies, the ministry says any sector can't be excluded
Backed by a powerful Reliance brand & cash, insiders are expecting RIL to make a bid for a banking license
While non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) are seen as one of the key contenders to receive the banking regulator's green ...
New banking guidelines in two minutes
M&M, Reliance Capital and players in the financial services space today welcomed Reserve Bank's guidelines for issuing ...
The Chennai-based $4.4 billion Murugappa Group, which was one of the business conglomerates shown interest for banking licence, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will allow corporate groups, non-banking finance companies and public sector ...
Shows an increase of close to 30% against 2012-13
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) released final guidelines for issuing new bank licences on Friday
About Rs 2,481.40 crore was lying as unclaimed deposits in over 1.12 crore bank accounts till December, 2011 as per information ...
IDBI Bank
Ltd has entered into a Memorandum of Cooperation (MOC) with Exim Bank.
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has brought out final guidelines for standardisation of health insurance
Set to be allowed to apply for bank licences in the final guidelines expected by the end of the month
OBC, UBI & Corporation Bank to sell aircraft, bought from Airbus, to recover loans
Itâ€™s a comeback any professional would dream of.
Less than two years after he was demoted to managing director of
Life ...
Lack of corporate governance, a time-consuming legal process and companiesâ€™ unwillingness to redeem foreign currency ...
Rating agency CRISIL today said Indian banks would need to raise Rs 2.7 lakh crore by March 2018 to meet the Tier-I capital ...
Rating agency CRISIL today said that Indian banks will need to raise Rs 2.7 lakh crore by March 2018 to meet Tier-I capital ...
The Ahmedabad-based social venture fund has been accorded registration by SEBI under SEBI Alternative Investment Fund (AIF) ...
The bank had earlier requested govt to allot around Rs 1,500 cr
Says industry should focus on core activities to save themselves from bad debts
was demoted to managing director of Life Insurance Corporation following charges of financial irregularitiesâ€”something that ...
The domestic banks will need to raise Rs 2.7 trillion by March 2018 to meet tier-I capital requirements under Basel III
The rate cut comes in after similar calls by a slew of state-run lenders
Life remained normal today in West Bengal on the second day of nationwide strike called by central trade unions, though banking ...
Banking and postal services continued to be affected while shops remained open and transport services plied normally in Tamil ...
Public transport in most cities across the country, banks and financial institutions remained closed on the second day of two-day ...
Move follows rising instances of phishing and skimming attacks
Top priority will be to restore growth; maintain a balance between insurersâ€™ growth and consumer welfare
Microfinance institution levied a charge on members, that exceeds the premium and violates regulations
Public sector companies that have raised funds through tax-free bonds in the recent past are planning to issue another tranche of ...
As of February 8, bank credit had increased 16.36 per cent year-on-year. For this financial year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The PE firm eyes a valuation of Rs 500-600 for its stake
The restriction on FDI is threatening to block any fresh investment into the sector
Though the microfinance sector is well past the crisis of 2010, private equity (PE) firms are still cautious on investing in the ...
Higher usage of credit and debit cards added $1.5 billion to Indiaâ€™s GDP, according to a study conducted for Visa by Moodyâ€™s ...
Bangalore-based Pilani Soft Labs, which runs online bus ticket booking portal redBus.in, is looking at raising $20 million ...
The banking regulator imposed a limit of 90 days towards letter of credit
Payment system provider says that world over there is a rise of 'skimming' frauds in recent cases
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is looking at raising around Rs 1,000 crore through issue of equity shares to the Government of India ...
Net sales of the company rose to Rs 2,152.64 crore
In the first tranche company had raised Rs 2,195 crore
The Department of Disinvestment (DoD), which is the nodal department for carrying out PSU stake sale, will finalise the cabinet ...
Normal banking operations were hit today as employees of public sector banks went on a two-day strike in response to a call given ...
To make their retail portfolio bigger, banks are aggressively lowering interest rate
Typically, a mobile ATM is put on a van that moves from one location to another
Plan to invest repo borrowings in short-term paper
A FinMin official says plan needed for arresting slippage
To start lending from next month
The branch was inaugurated by Minister of State for Finance Namo Narain Meena, in the presence of top Chinese officials
Irda had received a complaint against the micro insurance business procured by various divisional offices
The credit card issuer has started replacing some point of sale machines at merchant establishments following card skimming
Bank of America Corp, the second-largest US lender, attracted record new assets last year to its unit servicing retirement and ...
The new fund offer opened for subscription on February 19 and closes on March 15.
For the first time since the microfinance institutions (MFIs) in Andhra Pradesh (AP) plunged into a crisis following the ...
The fund will finance its first project by the end of next month
Net sales of the company stood at Rs 656.69 crore
The company has appointed George Mathew as Head of Investment Banking in India
With falling interest rates, this may be your last chance to lock your savings in deposit-taking non-banking finance companies ...
Bank borrowing under LAF touches Rs 1.26 lakh crore
The Reserve Bank of India on Monday said there was limited scope for easing of monetary policy over the next few months, as there ...
In his last public appearance, Irda chief says industry saw a huge transformation during his tenure
New norms â€˜much beforeâ€™ March end, says RBI deputy guv
Former Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) chairman T S Vijayan is likely to become the next chairman of the Insurance ...
State Bank of India (SBI) on Monday said negotiations so far with Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) have not been fruitful, and till now ...
Chaudhuri also said that increase in its non-performing assets (NPA) was because it lends to sectors in the economy, which are ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has enabled Indian insurers and reinsurers to help cover Iran crude oil ...
The guidelines would pave the way for corporate houses to enter the banking sector.
No new Indian bank has been formed since Yes ...
Stating that banks' efforts are now towards recovering full amount of loans from Kingfisher and not reviving the airline, SBI ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said that increase in its non-performing assets (NPA) was because it lend to the sector, which is ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said that so far negotiations with Kingfisher Airlines have not been fruitful and so far approach ...
Net non-performing assets (NPAs) or bad loans of listed banks rose by 50% or around Rs 30,840 crore in first nine months of ...
An expert committee constituted by the Reserve Bank of India to examine the functioning of the short term credit cooperative ...
Despite the insurance regulator proposing risk charge for debt instrument across all rating grades, except state and central ...
Denmark headquartered Saxo Bank, the online multi-asset trading and investment specialist, announced on Monday its foray into the ...
The Kisan credit card scheme (KCC) aims at providing adequate and timely support from the banking system to the farmers for their ...
Normal banking operations may be hit as employees unions of public sector banks have decided to join the two-days strike call ...
State-owned Central Bank of India is expected to get Rs 2,406 crore fund infusion through preferential issue of shares to the ...
Estimates economic expansion of 5.5% for the 12 months through March 2013
Bank loans to microfinance institutions (MFIs) will not be considered priority sector lending if the MFIs charge more than 26 per ...
Making money is increasingly important for Cambridge as UK cuts higher-education spendingSince its founding in 1350, Trinity ...
Peter Breiter, 41, is an unusual banker.
Not for him the big bonuses, complicated financial instruments and multi-million ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said micro-finance institutions (MFIs) cannot charge interest rate of more than 26%
Duvvuri Subbarao, the head of Reserve Bank of India, said on Saturday there is room for monetary easing but it is limited, and ...
The companyâ€™s main function was to manage the clearing house activities of the exchange
Most public sector banks (PSBs) have seen their Tier-I capital ratio slip at the end of the third quarter of this financial year, ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) is planning to raise about $75 million (Rs 407 crore) from International Finance ...
Insurance companies are keen to offer fund(s) approved under the Rajiv Gandhi Equity Saving Scheme (RGESS) to potential ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc is seeking court permission to question the JPMorgan Chase & Co trader known as the â€œLondon ...
Tata Capital Growth Fund, a private equity fund managed by Tata Capital, is planning to pick up stake in Chennai-based Star ...
The bank is also planning to install ATMs at all its branches during the next fiscal
State Bank of India entered into tie-up with EPC Industrie Ltd, part of Mahindra Group to finance farmers for micro irrigation ...
December quarter sees an increase in non-performing asset provisioning, constriction in net profit; pressure expected to continue ...
At a time when the banking system is craving for loan demand, SBI saw a whopping Rs 40,000 cr of fresh disbursement during the ...
Poll-based regime may give way to traded rate
Treasury operations come to the rescue, amid decline in NII
The maturity period of gold deposits would range from six months to seven years, said an RBI circular.
Earlier, it was from three ...
IFC is planning to make an equity investment of Rs 130 cr in Ratnakar Bank Ltd through the preferential allotment route, sources ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said increased use of technologies such as internet and mobile phones had resulted in ...
Market regulator the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Thursday imposed a total penalty of Rs 30.75 crore on 118 ...
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) today imposed a total penalty of Rs 30.75 crore on 118 entities, including the ...
State Bank of India today said it does not have any exposure to Sahara group companies but have deposits of Rs 700-800 crore from ...
State Bank of India (SBI) on Thursday said it has opened five e-corners in West Bengal.
But legal experts say recovery is going to be a long-haul process
Senior executives from SBI, ex-RBI official among applicants
Aim is to boost sales volumes and increase penetration
For its investments in the Indian real estate, Blackstone seems to follow adage â€œslow and steady wins the raceâ€ quite ...
The Chennai-based Shriram Group, a financial services conglomerate is in advanced talks with global private equity (PE) majors ...
With a thrust on financial inclusion, banks are focusing on expanding their reach in a cost-effective way.
This has spawned the ...
Rates have gone up by 50-80 bps, as the daily average liquidity deficit in the system has been close to Rs 95,000 cr
The committee had been set up to review existing policies and procedures relating to bank finance for exports
PSU banks would require the additional capital to meet Basel-III global capital risk norms
ING Groep NV, the biggest Dutch financial services company, will shed 1,400 jobs in the Netherlands and 1,000 in Belgium after ...
Power Grid Corporation of India is planning to raise Rs 2,000-3,000 crore this week by way of private placement of bonds, said a ...
The government is likely to infuse additional capital of Rs 20,000 crore in the public sector banks next financial year to meet ...
NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking & Insurance Training Ltd.
(IFBI), today announced the National Banking Entrance Test ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) is planning to make an equity investment of Rs 130 crore in PE-backed Ratnakar Bank Ltd, ...
Borrowing by banks under RBIâ€™s LAF stood at Rs 1.24 lakh cr on Friday, compared with Mondayâ€™s Rs 1.09 lakh cr
The total investment corpus of Life Insurance Corporation has touched Rs 14.8 lakh crore (provisional) as on December 31, 2012. ...
Need to conserve profits to strengthen the capital base is driving the effort
Ombudsman post lying vacant since last October
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) chairman Philip Hampton (pictured) has defended the bonus due to be paid to CEO Stephen Hester even ...
RBI governor says though inflation has peaked, it is still above central bankâ€™s comfort zone
SKS Microfinance Ltd has concluded two microfinance securitisation transactions aggregating Rs 390 crore.
This takes the total ...
Rs 1.3 lakh crore certificates of deposit redemption seen by March; market looks for open market operations
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)â€™s foreign exchange intervention activity declined sharply in December 2012, with net sales of ...
Cash flows inadequate to meet debt obligation
he government is unlikely to cancel any of its two remaining debt sales this fiscal as the government wants to keep open all of ...
State Bank of India (SBI) in association with its general insurance arm, SBI General Insurance, has provided personal accident ...
SKS Microfinance Limited, the only publicly-listed microfinance institution in the country, has concluded two microfinance ...
IL&FS Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Limited, which took over the reins of crisis-ridden Maytas Properties ...
State-owned United Bank of India is likely to get Rs 100 crore fund infusion through preferential issue of shares to the ...
Widening mismatches in banks' funding will continue to put pressure on systemic liquidity and keep interest rates elevated, said ...
Though the improving credit behaviour of retail customers has comforted bankers, multiplicity of frauds in the consumer banking ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram on Saturday launched the first infrastructure debt fund (IDF) of the country.
This IDF is promoted ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram.today launched first infrastructure debt fund (IDF) of the country.
This IDF is promoted jointly ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said before issuing the final norms on fresh banking licences, it would arrive at a consensus ...
Increases equity exposure to 15% for all insurers; ministry wanted 30% for LIC
Srei Infrastructure Finance, an Indian lender to road and power projects, plans to sell shares of United Spirits it got as ...
Bankers have asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut the Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) limit if it also considers reducing ...
Taking serious note of increasing instances of credit card frauds, the Reserve of Bank of India (RBI) said it would probe such ...
Says the central bank is making best efforts to curb it
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (irda) today said that further changes would be made to the bancassurance ...
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services (S&P) today affirmed its 'BBB-' long-term and 'A-3' short-term issuer credit ratings ...
IDBI Bank has reached a landmark of Rs 1 lakh crore (total Rs 1.08 lakh crore) in respect of central tax collection for the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will conduct a complete investigation into an issue over some letters being issued ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), an associate bank of the State Bank of India, has cut down its base rate by 5 basis points (bps) ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority has said that it is not in favour of fund inflows into the insurance sector from ...
Credit rating agency, India Ratings, says that the widening mismatch in banksâ€™ funding will continue to put pressure on ...
The RBI is expected to issue new bank licence guidelines "very soon", deputy governor Anand Sinha said on Friday.
Will take latest GDP estimate of 5% for FY13 into account while making next policy: Subbarao
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) plans to shed bulk deposits amounting to Rs 18,000 crore by the end of March, to bring ...
Search panel to interview candidates for CMD and ED posts next week
Say Andhra Pradesh Act continues to hurt operations
IFC eyes 20% stake in Avanse
Manappuram Finance Limited (MFL) has registered a 48 per cent dip in net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2012.
The ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has proposed a lower solvency margin for insurers, at 145 per cent as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it was in talks with the government to amend the relevant laws to ensure that persons ...
The rupee is expected to strengthen from current levels by end-March, amid foreign inflows into the country.The Street expects ...
A multistate probe of alleged manipulation of interest rates threatens to leave banks liable for billions of dollars in estimated ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) will monitor the impact of a strengthening euro on the currency bloc's economy but said it was ...
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has asked RBI Governor D Subbarao to consider a system of incentives and disincentives for banks ...
The public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) plans to shed bulk deposits worth Rs 18,000 crore by the end March to bring ...
The consolidation taking place in the Indian e-commerce sector offers fresh hope for venture capital investors.
Investors have ...
Sequoia Capital is betting big on data analytics, mobile applications, cloud computing and payment solutions
Ulip-related complaints accounted for 11,714 out of the total 309,613 complaints in the life insurance industry, according to the ...
Agency to pool yellow metal, issue gold bonds and collect gold stocks
The growing interconnection between banks and gold loan companies with respect to the formerâ€™s exposure to the latter is a ...
Bank loans grew 16.04 per cent in line with Reserve Bank of India (RBI)â€™s projection for credit growth this year while deposits ...
Using unhedged buyerâ€™s credit beyond working capital needs may hit the financial profile of Finolex Industries Limited (FIL). ...
The compnay also in talks with refineries over clarity on Iran crude import cover
Britainâ€™s Royal Bank of Scotland will pay US and British authorities $615 million and plead guilty to wire fraud in Japan to ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has estimated the credit potential of Tamil Nadu at Rs ...
State-owned Corporation Bank today reduced benchmark lending rate by 0.25% to 10.25%, making loans including home and corporate ...
Banks need to start looking at inclusive markets as a growth opportunity rather than as a 'cost to business' as they can build a ...
The RBI said it could limit gold imports by banks in 'extreme circumstances', as the world's biggest consumer of gold battles a ...
Axis Bank has deployed 500 cash deposit machines in various branches in over 300 cities across the country, said a press release ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said that there is a need to improve the declining capital adequacy ratio of gold ...
The All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) today said that around 10 lakh bank employees and officers working in Banks in ...
UBS AG, Switzerlandâ€™s biggest bank, posted a fourth-quarter loss after booking a fine for trying to rig global interest rates ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), Indiaâ€™s largest mortgage lender, today reduced home loan rates by 10 basis ...
Deal is in line with Kotakâ€™s strategy to add value to its existing business lines
Demand that NBFCs be covered under Sarfaesi Act to be able to recover their loans like banks
Aim to increase presence in health & agricultural insurance
With the country likely to go for the general elections in early 2014, market participants expect the government to borrow more ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has said insurance companies should implement appropriate procedures to ...
Over 50 million subscribers of retirement fund body Employeesâ€™ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) might get 8.5 per cent ...
The premium collections of non-life insurers saw a growth of 19.1 per cent for the nine-month period ended December 31 and stood ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) feels a lot of work is needed to be done on financial literacy in the country.â€œWhile a number ...
Vijaya Bank today cut its base rate by 0.25% to 10.20% with immediate effect.
Kotak Mahindra Bank today said it has acquired business loan portfolio from Barclays Bank's India branch and Barclays ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today said it has acquired business loan portfolio from Barclays Bank's India branch and Barclays ...
Higher provisions on the back of deteriorating asset quality continue to hurt profitability of city-based public sector ...
Higher provisions on the back of deteriorating asset quality continue to hurt profitability of city-based public sector ...
State owned Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) today slashed benchmark lending rate by 0.25% to 10.25%, making loans including home and ...
The Reserve Bank of India has plugged a loophole that banks were using to buy low-coupon bonds by requiring them to invest ...
Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank (APGVB), the biggest regional rural bank in the state sponsored by State Bank of India (SBI), ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) today said it would take legal action to protect its interests following a ...
Owing to lower treasury gains, higher provisions for bad loans and a rise in interest costs, Bank of Baroda has reported a fall ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is likely to issue new guidelines for life insurance products on ...
Concerned about the subdued growth in the insurance sector, Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Monday asked insurance companies to ...
British banks that fail to shield their day-to-day banking from risky investment activities will face being broken up, Chancellor ...
Citi India’s ‘Suvidha’ salary account holders will need to maintain a monthly net relationship value of Rs 1 ...
India Ratings has revised the outlook on Mumbai Airport's project bank loans to stable from negative, following clarity on near ...
Private sector Axis Bank today said it has alloted 58.37 lakh shares on preferential basis to promoters raising Rs 811.4 crore.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) and US-based Metlife today signed a deal wherein the state-run lender picked up 30% stake in ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) and US-based Metlife today signed a deal wherein the state-run lender picked up 30% stake in ...
Public sector Indian Bank today said it will cut its lending rate by 0.30% to 10.20% with effect from February 9, 2013.
India Inc’s reluctance to borrow money has allowed bankers to reduce the number of their weekly and monthly meetings.
The ...
The game may soon be up for banks that have made themselves look healthier by understating how risky their businesses are, which ...
Barclays Plc's finance director Chris Lucas is to announce on Monday that he plans to retire, people familiar with the matter ...
Royal Bank of Scotland faces the prospect of scrapping all bonuses for its investment bankers this year to free up cash to pay ...
After witnessing a sharp rise in bad loans for 12 months the third quarter of may have been a turning point for banks as pace of ...
RBI's new draft guidelines for restructured loans are likely to hit earnings of banks by at least 3-8% over the next two years, ...
YES Bank would on Monday offer an explanation to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) detailing the circumstances that led to a cyber ...
HSBC Holdings Plc’s $7.4 billion sale of its stake in Ping An Insurance (Group) Co to Thai billionaire Dhanin Chearavanont ...
Central Bank of India today announced a cut of 0.25 per cent in its base rate.
"We have scaled down our base rate
from 10.50 ...
Indian Bank's net profit for the quarter ended December fell 37.1 per cent to Rs 330.58 crore, compared with Rs 525.92 crore in ...
YES Bank will offer an explanation to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday detailing the circumstances that led to a ...
The decision on increase in wages and pensions in public sector banks is more than a year away, but the Reserve Bank of India ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said in the tussle between growth and inflation, the former has not been commensurate with ...
If the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) draft norms on loan restructuring are finalised, public sector lenders that hold a ...
The Export-Import Bank of the United States has sought powers from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for recovery under the ...
Following the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s decision to reduce the repo rate and cash reserve ratio, more public sector ...
Infrastructure finance company IDFC Ltd has posted a 19.16 per cent growth in consolidated net profit at Rs 454 crore in the ...
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) on Friday reported a 31.21 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 215.11 crore in the ...
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) net profit dropped 9.51 per cent during the third quarter-ended December 31, 2012 at Rs 113.04 crore ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender Corporation Bank on Friday reported a 25 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 303 crore for the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has issued final guidelines on disclosure of restructured advances by banks, effective fiscal 2012-13. ...
DBS says India's 10-year bond yield will be the only one falling over the next six months among the 10 Asian markets it tracks.
Bank of Baroda cut Base Rate and BPLR by 25 basis points effective February 9, the bank said in a press release.
Following the ...
Most state-run banks' earnings are likely to remain under stress in the coming quarters following the Reserve Bank of India's ...
The Reserve Bank of India has proposed a steep rise in the provisioning requirement for loan restructuring — to five per ...
The finance ministry has asked government banks to reduce the fixed deposit (FD) rate offered to senior citizens to reduce cost ...
With better returns offered by tax-free bonds and liquid mutual funds, State Bank of India (SBI) has witnessed a flight of ...
Rajiv Takru, set to take charge as secretary, department of financial services, under the finance ministry, from tomorrow, would ...
India ratings said major NBFCs’ robust pre-provisioning profits (gross profits) provides a strong cushion against rising ...
To discourage the use of cheques, a discussion paper by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) suggested today that banks charge for ...
Following the cut in repo and cash reserve ratio (CRR) by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), two more large public sector lenders ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has prepared a comprehensive financial literacy guide to help in creating financial awareness and ...
Union Bank of India posted a 53.81 per cent year-on-year growth in net profit for the third quarter at Rs 303 crore on lower base ...
Allahabad Bank on Thursday said its net profit for the third quarter fell 44.5 per cent from a year earlier to Rs 310.83 crore on ...
Deutsche Bank plunged to a euro 2.6-billion ($3.5 billion) quarterly loss after it took charges aimed at drawing a line under a ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce on Thursday raised the deposit rates by up to 2.25 per cent for FDs of short-term maturities.
The rate ...
The beleaguered mining sector in Odisha which is facing a series of allegations mostly over illegal ore excavation and transport, ...
NHAI approved a 74 per cent equity takeover by IDFC in the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway Project.
Current concessionaire DSC Ltd will ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) reported a 7.60 per cent growth in net profit during the third quarter ended December 2012 at Rs ...
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector lender, on Thursday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended ...
On the bank’s results, Chairman and Managing Director K R Kamath said the increase in net profit was due to a fall in ...
State Bank of Hyderabad reported an increase of 6.8 per cent in net profit to Rs 321.72 crore for the quarter ended December 31, ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank on Thursday reported a net profit of Rs 4.39 crore for the third quarter ended December, 2012.
It had reported a ...
Despite the proposed stricter RBI guidelines for the sector, major non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) have a stable rating ...
The RBI's move to allow standalone primary dealers (PDs) to obtain funding and invest more in corporate bond markets is expected ...
With better returns offered by tax free bonds and liquid mutual funds, State Bank of India has witnessed flight of deposits of ...
Gross NPAs declined to Rs 6384 crore
(Rs 5209 crore) and provisions were lower at Rs 857 crore
(Rs 973 crore).
Amid a debate on whether or not industrial houses should be allowed in the banking space, Finance Minister P Chidambaram has said ...
Concerned about their investments in infrastructure companies, private equity (PE) fund managers are having sleepless nights.
In ...
Kerala seems to be pulling all stops to foster entrepreneurship.
Startup Village, a telecom incubator in Kochi formed last year ...
Central Bank of India posted a 59.29 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 180 crore for the third quarter ended December 2012 on ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has reported a 7.60 per cent growth in net profit during the third quarter ended December 2012 at Rs ...
The second debt restructuring of state electricity boards (SEBs) will have lower provisioning, which will be beneficial for ...
The infrastructure debt fund (IDF) backed by IL&FS Financial Services and Life Insurance Corp of India (LIC) is planning to ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) lowered the key policy rate and cut cash reserve ratio by 25 bps each, banks took the ...
IndusInd Bank appears confident that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will allow promoters to retain up to 15 per cent stake in ...
A day after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) lowered the key policy rate and cut cash reserve ratio by 25 bps each, banks have taken ...
Taking cue from cut in repo rate and Cash Reserve Ratio by 25 basis points each, State Bank of India today reduced its Base rate, ...
Looking to expand its business and grow its financial metrics going forward, new-generation private sector banking major Yes Bank ...
The RBI will base rate cut decisions on the current account position in addition to inflation, governor Duvvuri Subbarao said on ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has extended a Line of Credit (LOC) of $22.5 million to the government of Burkina ...
Old generation private bank, Federal Bank has cut the interest rate on car loans to 10.45% and set up a National Auto Loan Hub, ...
Old generation private bank, Federal Bank has cut the interest rate on car loans to 10.45% and set up a National Auto Loan Hub, ...
The new business premium collections of life insurers was down by 3.8 per cent in the period from April 1 to December 31, 2012, ...
Banks' lending rates are set to become inexpensive following the cut in repo rate after a gap of nine months.
Banks' lending rates are set to become inexpensive following the cut in repo rate after a gap of nine months.
IDBI Bank becomes the first bank to cut lending and deposit rates by 25 basis points each after Reserve Bank of India ...
IDBI Bank becomes the first bank to cut lending and deposit rates by 25 basis points each after Reserve Bank of India ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has slashed the repo rate by 25 bps to 7.75%. The reverse repo rate will also be adjusted to ...
The rupee strengthened to its highest level in a week on Tuesday after the RBI cut interest rates as well as banks' cash ...
The rupee strengthened to its highest level in a week on Tuesday after the RBI cut interest rates as well as banks' cash ...
Borrowers could see better days ahead as banks are expected to cut lending rates following the RBI's decision to cut ...
Borrowers could see better days ahead as banks are expected to cut lending rates following the RBI's decision to cut ...
The policy was largely in line with market expectations.
Noting that there has been a drop in credit to the industry so far this fiscal, the Reserve Bank today prodded banks to ...
Reserve Bank's decision to cut interest rates will stimulate investment and help in anchoring inflationary expectations, ...
Reserve Bank's decision to cut interest rates will stimulate investment and help in anchoring inflationary expectations, ...
The Reserve Bank of India lowered its key policy rate as expected for the first time in nine months to support an economy ...
The Reserve Bank of India lowered its key policy rate as expected for the first time in nine months to support an economy ...
The 25 basis points cut in Cash Reserve Ratio by the Reserve Bank of India in the Third Quarter Review of the Monetary ...
With inflation falling to levels lower than expected by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and economic growth expected to slow ...
Liquidity, already tight, might get tighter due to the rise in the gap between credit and deposit growth, the Reserve Bank of ...
The rupee fell against the dollar today, amid demand from oil importers and uncertainties in the market ahead of the Reserve Bank ...
The economy is likely to grow by 5.5 per cent this financial year, according to the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) survey of ...
ICICI Bank Ltd and Axis Bank Ltd, the country’s largest and third largest private lenders, have raised deposit rates by ...
Bank of India (BoI) posted a 12.15 per cent growth in its net profit at Rs 803 crore in the third quarter ended December 2012 on ...
Axis Bank, India’s third largest private sector lender, has launched its $1-billion share issue last evening.
The issue was ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender State Bank of Mysore (SBM) has reported a close to 40 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 155 ...
Aided by a healthy loan growth of 17 per cent, State Bank of Travancore (SBT), an associate bank of State Bank of India (SBI), ...
ING Vysya Bank on Monday said its net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, increased by 36 per cent from a year ago to ...
A proposal by Axis bank to increase the number of employee stock options (Esop) in line with the increase in its capital ...
A proposal by Axis bank to increase the number of employee stock options (Esop) in line with the increase in its capital ...
Axis Bank, the third-largest private sector lender in the country, plans to raise Rs 5,546 crore or over $1 billion by ...
Axis Bank, the third-largest private sector lender in the country, plans to raise Rs 5,546 crore or over $1 billion by ...
Sundaram Finance Ltd today reported a 25% increase in its net profit to Rs 113.65 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company Limited has launched its commercial vehicle insurance on the online platform, the ...
Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company Limited has launched its commercial vehicle insurance on the online platform, the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to reward the government this week for its efforts to reform the economy and bring ...
IndusInd Bank appears confident that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will allow promoters to retain up to 15% stake in private ...
Just three analysts expect the RBI to hold interest rates steady at its policy review on Tuesday, going against the overwhelming ...
The interest earned on your savings bank deposits is likely to be credited to your account every month, against the current ...
Italian bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena is seeking a financial investor to help revive the ailing lender and will remove a current ...
Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney said central banks have room to ease monetary policy further if needed and can be flexible in ...
South-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank expects to close the fiscal with a gross NPA of less than 3% against the 4.5% levels observed ...
Bangalore-based lender Canara Bank on Saturday announced the launch of its new e-lounge facility in the City.
The e-Lounge is one ...
Citibank has introduced a referral programme for its customers in India, offering cash rewards of up to Rs 75,000 if a customer ...
As treaty renewals begin from April, reinsurance rates for insurers are set to decline.
Reinsurers and reinsurance brokers said ...
Edelweiss Financial Services on Friday reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 46 crore in the third quarter, a 56 per cent ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) on Friday posted 7.8 per cent decline in net profit to Rs 326.40 crore for the ...
Shriram Transport Finance, part of the Shriram Group, has reported 19.43 per cent growth in its consolidated net profit to Rs ...
Icra Ltd on Friday said its net profit for the December quarter declined 32 per cent to Rs 10.52 crore from Rs 15.51 crore a year ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to reward the government next week for its efforts to reform the economy and bring ...
The final guidelines for new banking licences could take a while, contrary to expectations that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Medical services were affected as over 4,000 resident doctors in medical colleges across Maharashtra abstained from work on ...
Total income in the October-December period grew to Rs 2,357 crore, up 8.4 per cent from last year.
Andhra Bank reported a decline of 15.2 per cent in net profit to Rs 257 crore for the quarter ended December 2012, as compared ...
Exide Industries Ltd’s decision to buy out the partner stake in its insurance joint venture ING Vysya Life Insurance Co ...
A majority of clients surveyed by Royal Bank of Scotland said they expected the Reserve Bank of India to cut key policy rates by ...
SKS Microfinance Limited reported a net profit of Rs 1.2 crore in the quarter ended December 2012, reversing the trend of seven ...
Global fund managers are bullish on domestic equities, with 75 per cent of them holding an ‘overweight’ view in the ...
Indian companies raised about $1.15 billion from foreign markets in December, lower than the $1.35 billion raised in the previous ...
Central cooperative banks (CCBs) should strive to have at least 70 per cent of their loan portfolio for agriculture, a Reserve ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday revised the definition of wholesale (bulk) deposits for payment of differential interest ...
The Reserve Bank on Thursday asked banks to issue bonds to retail investors, as to deepen the corporate debt market.
“With ...
To attract foreign funds into the bond market, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday raised the ceiling for foreign ...
Citibank has introduced a referral programme for its customers in India.
Under this programme, a Citibank customer is eligible ...
More than a dozen banks reported an over 100% increase in their net non-performing assets (NPAs) in 2011-12 and the situation may ...
Barclays, a leading financial services giant, is planning to move hundreds of back-office jobs to India as part of cost-cutting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed exporters to access the foreign exchange market without having to first exhaust the ...
The private sector lender’s total income for the quarter went up by 19 per cent to Rs 1,051 crore, compared to Rs 883 crore ...
Syndicate Bank reported a 50.39 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 508.49 crore for the third quarter, up Rs 338.12 crore from the ...
The Reserve Bank of India might revise its projected credit growth target of 16 per cent for the financial year.
Its data shows ...
Air India might have to rely solely on Boeing for compensation for the loss caused due to its 787 Dreamliners being grounded, as ...
Exide Industries Ltd, India’s largest producer of automotive and industrial batteries, which holds 50 per cent of the ...
Sequoia India, among the top private equity (PE) and venture capital funds, is looking to invest about $25 million (Rs 135 crore) ...
The International Monetary Fund cut its global growth forecasts and now projects a second year of contraction in the euro region ...
India Inc is set to witness a fierce battle for acquiring a controlling stake in tyre maker Alliance Tire Group, as private ...
The chances of any big corporate house getting new banking licence in the first round of the process, set to begin with the ...
Bani Banerjee, who quit as executive director and chief investment officer of The Chatterjee Group Real Estate in mid-2012, after ...
Chief executives of leading corporate houses, led by Bajaj Auto Chairman Rahul Bajaj, have come out in favour of granting banking ...
In a bid to improve performance in asset quality and margins, Allahabad Bank will sell Rs 540 crore worth of non-performing ...
Private equity (PE) firm CX Partnersâ€™ proposal to invest Rs 500 crore in Security and Intelligence Services (India) Ltd (SIS), ...
Exide Industries Ltd (EIL), India’s largest producer of automotive and industrial batteries, which holds 50% of the equity ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed exporters to access the foreign exchange market without having to first exhaust funds ...
In a move to protect borrowers from interest rate fluctuations and reduce the burden of equated monthly instalments (EMIs), a ...
Euro-area finance ministers blessed the next disbursement of emergency aid for Greece, highlighting the goodwill that led to the ...
Maintaining its stable outlook on the Indian banking sector, India Ratings today said the pressure on the asset quality of banks ...
In a bid to improve performance in asset quality and margins, Allahabad Bank will sell Rs 540 crore worth of non-performing ...
The Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is planning major global expansion.
Speaking at a customer meet in Dubai, M Narendra, CMD of the ...
Indiabulls Financial Services, a non-banking finance company (NBFC), reported a 31 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 327 crore ...
A day after global ratings agency Moody’s gave a negative outlook to the Indian banking system, State Bank of India (SBI), ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's biggest lender admitted it was facing slippages in steel and mining sectors where it has ...
Bank of Maharashtra on Tuesday reported a 43 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 194.06 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank on Tuesday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended December 31 rose 25 per cent from a year ...
Easing of burden from accumulation of bad loans and provisions for it may indeed be music to ears of bank chiefs, especially of ...
In a move to protect borrowers from interest rate fluctuations and reduce the burden of equated monthly installments, a Reserve ...
A day after global ratings agency Moody's gave a negative outlook to the Indian banking system on concerns over asset quality and ...
Allahabad Bank is in the process of selling Rs 540 crore worth of non-performing assets (NPAs) to the assets reconstruction ...
Pitching for a cut in interest rates and cash reserve ratio by the Reserve Bank, SBI Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri today said the ...
IDBI Bank plans to raise equity capital by issuing shares to institutional investors, including Life Insurance Corporation of ...
Housing Development and Finance Co (HDFC), the largest mortgage financier of the country, reported a 16 per cent rise in net ...
Standard & Poor’s on Monday said Indian banks could face a $3-4 billion (Rs 16,185-21,600 crore) capital shortfall in ...
Manipal Global Education Services (MaGE) and Federal Bank on Monday announced the launch of Federal Manipal School of Banking at ...
The UK’s financial industry will lose 43,000 jobs in six months, according to a forecast from the Confederation of British ...
Standard & Poor’s today said Indian banks may face a $ 3-4 billion capital shortfall to maintain common equity tier I ...
IDBI Bank plans to raise equity capital by issuing shares to institutional investors including Life Insurance Corporation of ...
Working out of a tiny rented room furnished with a wooden table, small biometric authentication machine and shelf stacked with ...
L&T Finance is in advanced stages of negotiations to buy Morgan Stanley’s wealth management business in India.
The ...
Banks on Saturday stepped up pressure on beleaguered Kingfisher Airlines (KFA), stating it needed to have a capital of at least ...
Health insurance is likely to become the largest sub-segment of general insurance in the next seven to eight years, overtaking ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has posted about 17 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) growth in credit ...
Government has shortlisted three merchant bankers, including IDFC, for selling 9.33% of its stake in MMTC in the current fiscal.
The banking system has recently shown signs of moderate rise in instability due to increase in non-performing assets (NPAs), the ...
Unlike the views held by two of its peers — Standard & Poor’s and Fitch — Moody’s Investors Service ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) board has approved a capital infusion of Rs 3,004 crore by the government through preferential ...
Global impact investors Rockefeller Foundation and Omidyar Network have come together with Dasra, a strategic philanthropy ...
HDFC Bank, India’s second-largest private sector lender, on Friday said its net profit for the quarter ended December rose ...
Todayâ€™s meeting between Kingfisher Airlines officials and its core group of lenders failed to yield any result, as the troubled ...
National Insurance Company (NIC) may soon increase the cost of health insurance premium to offset losses, company cources said. ...
IDBI Bank posted a 1.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 417 crore in the third quarter ended December 2012.
This is due to rise ...
Manipal Global Education Services and Federal Bank today announced the launch of Federal Manipal School of Banking at the Manipal ...
The business (deposits plus loans) has grown by 27% year on year in last two years.
The compounded annual growth for loans in ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector lender, today said its  net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 increased ...
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC), the funding arm of the Railway Ministry, on Thursday said it might raise Rs 1,500 ...
The sharp growth seen in retail credit during the festive season is expected to continue in the January-March quarter as banks ...
Citigroup Inc, the third-biggest US bank by assets, reported a profit increase that was less than analysts estimated as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s move to introduce a dollar-rupee swap facility to support banks’ incremental ...
Yashwant Sinha, Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance and senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader on ...
Bank of America, the second-largest US bank by assets, fell 3.6 per cent to $11.36 at 11:56 am in New York in the Standard & ...
Yashwant Sinha, Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance and senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader on ...
Slow growth in deposits poses a threat to lending rate cut plans of banks, according to Indranil Sen Gupta, chief economist of ...
The government is likely to extend Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Anand Sinha’s tenure by two months.
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, and its associates plan to set up ‘by-invitation-only’ ...
Slow growth in deposits poses a threat to lending rate cut plans of banks, according to Indranil Sen Gupta, chief economist of ...
Deutsche Bank research sees Sensex touching 22,500 by December’2013. The “India Equity strategy: 2013
Outlook” ...
Shriram Transport Finance plans to raise about Rs 1,000 crore through a public issue (debt issuance). The non-banking financial ...
A frustratingly slow economic recovery in developed nations is holding back the global economy, the World Bank said on Tuesday, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has differed with the International Monetary Fund (IMF)’s observation that there are some ...
With initial public offerings (IPOs) few and far between last year, private equity (PE) investors relied on deals in the open ...
The finance ministry intends to move the cabinet in two or three weeks with a proposal for a holding company to enable public ...
Private equity (PE) investors with large exposure in the gold loan business in India can heave a sigh of relief, as the share ...
The euphoria over bonds turned out to be short-lived, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deciding not to drop its guard against ...
Darby Overseas Investments, the private equity (PE) arm of Franklin Templeton Investments, is gearing for two important exits. ...
A day after telling management students here that inflation in the country remained high, Reserve Bank of India governor D ...
Axis Bank Ltd has picked JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc for a share sale to raise up to $1 billion, sources with ...
Riding on robust growth in fee income, YES Bank reported a 34.7 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) rise in net profit at Rs 342 crore ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel on Wednesday recommended the 26-digit International Bank Account Number (Iban) format be used ...
The Finance Ministry has requested the Reserve Bank to relax capital adequacy norms for banks in line with the recommendations ...
Mid-sized Indian private sector lender YES Bank is interested in acquiring Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc's (RBS) India retail ...
India needs to improve its financial system supervision and crisis preparedness while at the same time liberalising some sectors ...
Axis Bank, India’s third largest private lender, said on Tuesday its net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 ...
The uncertainty surrounding the revival of grounded Kingfisher Airlines Ltd appears to have persuaded a few banks to reduce their ...
Dena Bank’s newly-appointed head Ashwani Kumar on Tuesday said investors should not look forward to any negative surprises ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has constituted four working groups to standardise products offered by ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority’s (Irda) proposal on standardisation in health insurance would lead to ...
They did so at a meeting between Reserve Bank of India (RBI) seniors and heads of banks in a pre-review consultation.
All the RBI ...
Fitch ratings agency issued a strong warning to the US today to deal with its recurrent debt-ceiling dramas in a way which ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has constituted working groups for the standardisation of products ...
"The bankers have urged the RBI to reduce interest rates by 50 bps at least.
Even the CRR should come down by 25-50 ...
Axis Bank, launches ‘Axis Bank e- Gift Card’, which offers customers an alternate channel through which they can buy ...
Private sector Yes Bank is in talks with  Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) for acquisition of the retail and  commercial assets of ...
Private lender YES Bank has initiated talks with Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) to acquire the latter’s retail assets in ...
Gold loan non-banking finance company (NBFC) Muthoot Finance reported marginal growth in net profit of Rs 270 crore for the ...
Urjit Patel, 49, on Monday took charge as deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Patel has been offered a three-year ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has given its go-ahead to a proposed rights issue of non-banking finance ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc is considering whether to delay delivery of some bonuses due from prior years for UK employees until ...
After posting their worst returns since 1999, US government-backed mortgage bonds are starting 2013 with losses on speculation ...
India and two of its neighbours, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, are expected to stand out with higher fiscal deficit levels in 2013 ...
Banks will ask the Reserve Bank of India to allow them to pay interest on current account deposits at tomorrow’s meeting, ...
xTo enhance flow of credit to the export sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has introduced a dollar-rupee swap facility to ...
P Chidambaram’s populist debt waiver to farmers in the 2008 Budget has returned to haunt him in his second term as finance ...
Banks will ask Reserve Bank of India to allow them to pay interest on current account deposits in the pre-policy meeting ...
The government auditor CAG has found irregularities in disbursement of funds under the Rs 52,000-crore farm debt waiver scheme, ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co’s board will consider releasing an internal report this week that faults Chief Executive Officer ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB), which enjoys a healthy net interest margin (NIM), could see pressure building up on its profitability, due ...
The Street is not expecting much movement in government bond yields this week.
The trigger will be the wholesale price index ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc's private- wealth-management unit expects hedge funds to return an average of four per cent to five per ...
State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank and Financial Technologies were among those that signed memorandum of understanding (MoUs) ...
American International Group (AIG) has filed a lawsuit against a vehicle created by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to help ...
A group of multinational insurers today made a strong pitch for raising the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) limit in the ...
The share of the financial sector, primarily banks and non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), in total fund raising though ...
To help select public sector banks strengthen their capital base and comply with Basel-III norms, the government decided to ...
In order to make health insurance more customer-friendly, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today ...
A group of multinational insurers today made a strong pitch for raising the foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in the ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) is confident of recovering its entire due from beleaguered Kingfisher Airlines by the end of this ...
Around 10 public sector banks (PSBs) will get a total capital infusion of Rs 12,517 crore from the government before this ...
New traditional product guidelines, which are expected in the next few days, will make the process of product approvals quicker.
Morgan Stanley plans to slash 1,600 jobs in what may be just the beginning of a new round of layoffs at large investment banks, ...
Facing anger from Congress and the American people, AIG Inc said on Wednesday it would not sue the US government over terms of ...
Banks credit growth showed a sharp rise at the end of December, with loans worth Rs 65,000 crore disbursed in last fortnight, ...
To tap the Indian diaspora, public sector general insurers are considering expanding their operations to other countries in the ...
After witnessing a sharp rise in rating downgrades through 2011 and 2012 due to stressed balance sheets, the fortunes of Indian ...
The European Central Bank held interest rates at a record low of 0.75 per cent on Thursday, refraining from a cut following ...
The Burman family, promoters of Dabur India, has bought a strategic stake in DMI Finance Ltd, a Delhi-based non-banking finance ...
The Muthoot Pappachan Group on Thursday announced its entry into the housing finance segment in Kerala targeting the lower middle ...
The private equity industry, despite the challenges of 2012, is hoping that the new year will be more positive.
According to new ...
Lawmakers won’t cave in to pressure to scrap a plan to ban bankers from getting bonuses worth more than double their ...
To enhance the risk management system of banks, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed tweaking the norms for capital adequacy, ...
ICICI Bank has raised SGD 225 million (Singapore dollars) from a seven-year bond sale programme through its Dubai branch at a ...
The government is considering bringing the tax treatment for debt mutual funds in line with those for equity schemes.
“In ...
ICICI Venture (I-Ven), one of Indiaâ€™s largest private equity entities, was able to raise funds faster last year.
IndusInd Bank posted a 30 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 267 crore in the third quarter ended December, on robust growth in ...
Through its Singapore branch, ICICI Bank raised SG$ 225 million on Wednesday by issuing Regulation S bonds with a seven-year ...
State-run insurer Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has raised its stake in Infosys to 7.24 per cent, raising its holding in the ...
Indian lenders sold the most bonds in almost four years last month to meet tighter capital rules, and the nation’s leading ...
IndusInd Bank has sold its exposure (loan worth Rs100 crore) in financially ailing Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) to ...
Israel picked Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Barclays Plc and Citigroup Inc before government officials meet potential investors in ...
Wesley Wang, a former analyst for SAC Capital Advisors LP’s Sigma Capital unit, gave federal agents the names of about 20 ...
Grameen Financial Services (Grameen Koota), the Bangalore-based micro-finance institution is understood to be in advanced ...
India Inc’s sales growth slowed in the first half of the current financial year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on ...
South India attracted the most number of private equity (PE) investments (162 deals worth $2.46 billion, or Rs13,470 crore) in ...
Chennai-based Shriram Group is preparing a road map to raise about $200 million through the private equity (PE) route to seed ...
Global ratings agency Fitch has warned that China's “investment-driven growth model” faces increasingly serious ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has fixed the rate of depreciation of painting on motor parts at 50 per ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today included vehicle paint under the purview of depreciable part and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering a proposal to bring  down the held-to-maturity limit in debt for banks in a ...
Indusind Bank reported a 30% increase in net profit at Rs 267 crore for the quarter ended December 2012.
It was Rs 206 crore in ...
Yes Bank has launched an online remittance platform for non resident Indians, called 'Yes Remit'. The service will cater to NRIs ...
Grameen Financial Services (Grameen Koota), the Bangalore-based micro-finance institution is understood to be in advanced ...
Banks said granting loans to IITs is a priority.
“IITs are top institutions and, hence, loans for students taking ...
The rupee, under pressure during the last three trading days, appreciated against the dollar on Tuesday on the back of custodian ...
Banks expect deposit growth to pick up if the lock-in period for tax-saving fixed deposit (FD) schemes is brought down to three ...
Amid controversy over the alleged violation of foreign direct investment rules at Future Generali Life Insurance, Deepak Sood has ...
The government’s liberalising of its foreign direct investment (FDI) regime and steps to control the fiscal deficit do not ...
The Bank of Japan will consider easing monetary policy again this month as it eyes doubling its inflation target, sources say, as ...
The Japanese government and the Bank of Japan are discussing a policy accord aimed at achieving stable employment conditions, the ...
British Chancellor George Osborne urged European Union policymakers on Tuesday to seriously consider adopting proposals to ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) have objected to the more stringent provisioning norms proposed for them by the Reserve ...
Gold loan non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) are implementing core banking solutions (CBS) in their branches to keep a check ...
Banks have won a victory in their battle to dilute tough rules on liquidity, but they will still have to find trillions of ...
Fresh from paying back a $182 billion bailout, the American International Group has been running a nationwide advertising ...
A New Jersey client of HSBC Holdings Plc pleaded guilty to charges that he hid as much as $4.7 million through Swiss and Indian ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFC) have objected the stringent provisioning norms that were proposed by the Reserve Bank of ...
Brokerage Bank of America Merrill Lynch today turned positive on state-run banks, including SBI, on expectation of a rate cut by ...
Global central bank chiefs gave lenders four more years to meet international liquidity requirements and watered down the ...
Bank of America on Monday announced roughly $11.6 billion of settlements with mortgage finance company Fannie Mae and a $1.8 ...
Ten of the largest US mortgage servicers will pay a combined $8.5 billion under an agreement that will end case-by-case reviews ...
The country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) on Monday said the government would infuse Rs 3,000 crore to it ...
During their pre-Budget consultations with Finance Minister P Chidambaram today, bankers said they be allowed to issue tax free ...
Financial institutions, led by Life Insurance Corporation, have declined to participate in the open offer made by GlaxoSmithKline ...
The investment limit for obtaining a bank licence should be pegged at Rs 1,000 crore with the stipulation that promoter should ...
Kingfisher lenders will soon decide on future course of action with regard to the grounded airline as they do not want the ...
The proposal by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to increase the loan to value (LTV) ratio to 75 per cent from the present 60 per ...
Hit by sharp slump in business, Karaikal Port Pvt Ltd (KPPL), a unit of Chennai-based realty and infrastructure group MARG, is ...
Exim Bank of India has raised $750 million through 10-year bonds.
The coupon (interest rate) for the bond is four per cent.
The ...
The group, to be headed by senior RBI official Suma Varma, will take into account recommendations of the Damodaran Committee on ...
Nabard has sanctioned a financial support of Rs 29.87 crore to Tamil Nadu as a loan under its Rural Infrastructure Development ...
With easing liquidity and expectation of repo rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) later this month, the cost of borrowing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has permitted repo (repurchase agreements) in corporate debt on commercial papers (CPs), ...
The Bombay High Court on Monday said the Insurance Regulation and Development Authority (Irda) can go ahead with the process of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said it would issue the final guidelines on new banking licences soon.
“We are ...
Bihar Government has decided to change its parameters to monitor the performance of the banks operating in the state.
It has ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today relaxed external commercial borrowing (ECB) norms for infrastructure finance companies by ...
Following the Basel committee of banking supervision easing implementation of liquidity coverage ratio, the Reserve Bank of India ...
Pune based electronic payments solution provider company ElectraCard Services (ECS)   has announced accomplishment of a ...
In order to better the manage credit risk by the fund managers, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed Credit Default ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Monday it has relaxed overseas borrowing limits for infrastructure finance companies, a ...
Weeks ahead of its third quarter review of monetary policy, RBI today said it will look at current macroeconomic situation ...
Bankers today demanded that lock-in period for tax saving deposits be brought down to three years from five years to channelise ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance today announced the launch of a pension product ICICI Pru Shubh Retirement.
This unit-linked ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it would raise about Rs 3,000 crore through preference shares in the next 3 months but ruled ...
Ahead of RBI's monetary policy review, SBI today expressed hope the apex bank will cut interest rates by 0.5% and CRR by up to 1% ...
The proposal by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to increase the loan to value (LTV) ratio to 75% from the present 60% is likely ...
Federal Bank today said it has appointed Suresh Kumar as the non-executive chairman of the bank.
Standard Chartered Bank today said it has received a licence from the Central Bank of Myanmar to re-open its representative ...
The liquidity deficit in the system, which shows signs of easing, is also contributing to the softening of DRs.
Six banks, including Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley, had been shortlisted for the Rs 13,000-crore offer-for-sale of ...
Global investment banks are pinning hope on attractive financing markets for a revival of outbound acquisition by Indian ...
The Reserve Bank should give preference to the non-corporate sector for new bank licences, Prime Minister's Economic Advisory ...
“There is tightness in the liquidity.
Hence, deposit rates are staying firm.
We will wait for signals from RBI on the ...
A paper on gold loans by a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group favours banks over non-banking financial companies (NBFC).
The US Treasury Department’s inspector general has threatened to punish JPMorgan Chase & Co for failing to turn over ...
Former World Bank economist Percy Mistry, who authored a widely acclaimed  report on making Mumbai an international ...
"There is tightness in the liquidity.
Hence, deposit rates are staying firm.
We will wait for signals from RBI on the ...
At least eleven investment banks are in the race for the mandate to handle the proposed offer for sale (OFS) by state-owned power ...
A meeting between the management of Kingfisher Airlines and lenders to the company on Friday remained inconclusive.
The core ...
Kerala-based State Bank of Travancore (SBT) is planning to switch over to a fully-automated loan processing system by 2014.
SBT ...
According to RBI, Kanpur and Delhi continued to receive the highest number of complaints followed by Chennai and Bhopal in ...
In a scenario where many tax-free bond issues are finding fewer takers compared to last year, Housing and Urban Development ...
Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank aims to strengthen its capital base over the next couple of months as the private lender prepares ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) Chairman J Hari Narayan on Friday said the declined risk pool, formed in ...
Even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised questions on the draft bancassurance norms, Insurance Regulatory and ...
Barely a fortnight after the Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) became a state-owned company, its board looked set ...
In its impact evaluation study on microfinance major Bandhan, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) has stated ...
Canbank Venture Capital Fund Ltd, the wholly-owned subsidiary of Canara Bank, is set to deploy a major portion of the present ...
According to the RBI, Kanpur and Delhi continued to receive highest number of consumer complaints followed by Chennai and Bhopal ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) is planning to switch over to a fully-automated loan processing system by 2014.
The Reserve Bank ...
In a scenario where many tax-free bond issues are finding fewer takers compared to last fiscal, Housing and Urban Development ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it has received all regulatory approvals for acquiring 30% stake in Metlife India
The government will soon send its comments to the Reserve Bank on issuing new bank licences, Finance Minister P Chidambaram said ...
The government is likely to consider next week the proposal to infuse Rs 12,000 crore into public sector banks, a senior official ...
Ratnakar Bank aims to strengthen its capital base in the next couple of months as it prepares for the next phase of growth.
The draft norms on lending against the yellow metal appear to have placated investors’ concerns, as shares of gold loan ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has defended its stance on investing in gold in a scenario where the Current Account Deficit ...
Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz has expressed discomfort at the idea of allowing corporate houses to own banks, saying ...
With a slew of amendments in the securitisation law and a rise in the cap on foreign direct investment (FDI) at the end of last ...
The draft bancassurance guidelines by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), which proposed that banks could ...
The Department of Financial Services has appointed nodal banks for preparing financial restructuring plans to tackle the debt of ...
The European Union (EU) is examining whether national banking regulators are hindering the free movement of capital after Germany ...
Gilt yields fell for the ninth consecutive trading session on Thursday on expectations of a repo rate cut and easing inflation. ...
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) is planning to sell Non-Performing Assets (NPAs) worth Rs 200 crore by March 31. ...
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) expected to release final guidelines for issuing banking licences soon, two of the ...
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) is planning to sell non-performing assets (NPAs) worth Rs 200 crore by March 31, 2013. ...
Gilt yields fell for the ninth consecutive trading session on Thursday on expectations of a repo rate cut and easing inflation. ...
The draft norms on lending against the yellow metal appears to have placated investors' concerns as shares of gold loan companies ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has defended its stance on investing in gold in a scenario where Current Account Deficit (CAD) is ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc accelerated delivery of $65 million in stock awards to 10 executives, including Chief Executive Officer ...
Banks are set to record higher treasury gains for the quarter ended December, compared to profits booked in the quarter ended ...
It was not 2008 — the year of the global financial crisis — but 2012 that was “the most challenging year” ...
As large gold imports have been a cause of concern for the economy, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group has suggested in ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank has missed the December 31 deadline to reduce promoter holding in the bank to 10 per cent, as ...
In a move to check the mushrooming of gold finance companies, a panel of the Reserve Bank of India has suggested various measures ...
Noted economist Urjit Patel will succeed Subir Gokarn as the next deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation is expecting over 55 per cent growth in group insurance premium ...
As part of the financial inclusion drive, Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank (APGVB), a regional rural bank sponsored by State ...
What explains the heightened interest?
According to experts, one major reason is that the sector offers good exit for investors.
The chief executive of India’s YES Bank denied it was looking to purchase a stake in JM Financial after market talk drove ...
LeapFrog Investments, a US-based private equity (PE) firm, is betting big on the Indian insurance sector.
Supratim Sarkar, head of structured finance at SBI Capital Markets Ltd, receives as many as three requests every week from ...
The Reserve Bank today eased the 'Know Your Customer' (KYC) norms for money changing activities.
In a move to put a check to the mushrooming gold finance companies, which is seeing increasing number of customer complaints, a ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to meet the representatives of non-banking finance companies (NBFC) this month for consultation before ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country's largest insurer, today launched two new plans, one on the pension side ...
Renowned economist Urjit Patel's name has been cleared for appointment as the new Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has, extended a Line of Credit (LOC) of $10 million (Rs 55 crore)to the Government of ...
Dollar-denominated deposits maturing in one to two years will nor earn 2.84% as against 2.86%. Two-three years deposit will earn ...
Indian Overseas Bankâ€™s (IOB) exposure of over Rs 100 crore to the debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines will turn a non-performing ...
The department of posts is likely to finalise plans for setting up a Post Bank of India soon, to provide full banking services ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao has taken charge of the monetary policy department following the completion of ...
Year 2012 wasn’t the best for Indian insurers, bogged by several regulatory changes and slowing in premium growth.
However, ...
Miffed with disappointing returns from private equity investments in India, institutional investors in these funds are now opting ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) plans to raise Rs 800 crore through perpetual bonds in three months.
US regulators led by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) will replace a largely fruitless effort to find victims ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) — in a bid to give the much-needed impetus to the food ...
Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB), under administrator’s rule since May 2011, after its board was dissolved by the ...
Faced with the challenge of bank funding and stringent regulatory norms, many microfinance institutions (MFIs) are drifting from ...
Small and mid-size private banks are not in a hurry to pare their lending rates, even as HDFC Bank, the second largest private ...
Mutual funds focused on banking, fast-moving consumer goods and midcap stocks topped the return charts for investors in 2012, ...
IndusInd Bank Ltd’s net interest margin is likely to expand in the coming quarters, as the private lender is expected to ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) on Tuesday launched two new policies, including a unit-linked insurance plan.
If you are an individual caught by traffic police time and again for violating rules and have a record of paying fines, a motor ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today reduced interest rate on home loans of up to Rs 30 lakh by 0.1%.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Tuesday the monetary policy department will directly report to Governor Duvvuri Subbarao ...
Reserve Bank of India's governor D Subbarao has taken charge of the monetary policy department following completion of Subir ...
The Department of Posts is likely to finalise plans for setting up the Post Bank of India soon to provide full banking services ...
Borrowings by banks under Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) daily Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) continues to be high despite ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), which recently said it is postponing fund raising through perpetual bond, has said in three months it ...
Faced with the challenge of bank funding, and stringent regulatory norms, several microfinance institutions are drifting away ...
Net interest margin (NIM) of Jammu & Kashmir Bank is expected to sustain at current levels of 3.7% to 3.9%, said an analysts ...
Happy New Year 2013 — that’s not merely for the sake of salutation.
As the year 2012 ends, across a range of bankers, ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT), which is expected to merge with State Bank of India (SBI), has set a target to grow around 25 per ...
The aggregate deposits of commercial banks in Karnataka have risen 14.44 per cent to Rs 4,10,233 crore for the first six months ...
Karnataka is all set to roll out the pilot of government of India’s ambitious direct cash transfer (DCT) programme from ...
The reduction in interest rates by banks on home loans and car loans in the festive season has resulted in retail credit growing ...
With bank lending rates still high, the corporate sector is increasingly depending on commercial paper (CP) to meet working ...
The current account deficit (CAD) for the quarter ended September was at an all-time high of 5.4 per cent of gross domestic ...
"Consistent with the stance of monetary policy and based on the current assessment of prevailing and evolving liquidity ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has achieved almost 100% target of the opening of the bank accounts in the districts where it is a lead ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today launched 'Mobicash Easy', a mobile wallet in Mumbai and Delhi with service offerings like funds ...
Small and mid-sized private banks are not in a hurry to pare their lending rates even as HDFC Bank, the second-largest private ...
Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB), which is under administrators' rule since May 2011 after its board was dissolved by ...
The central government has reserved its veto on key powers being delegated to the Reserve Bank of India with regard to dealing ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is planning to raise funds by way of rights issue.
The bank informed the BSE that the board at its ...
IndusInd Bank's net interest margin is likely to expand in coming quarters as the private lender is expected to protect its yield ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will announce a new guideline on January 4, giving itself a new “supervisory” role on ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to get a new deputy governor, with the government deciding against giving any further ...
Despite the efforts undertaken by the government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), a large number of people are still outside ...
It’s a dog’s life – in insurance, too.
Though public sector general insurers and some private ones have offered ...
The new year, it seems, promises to bring some good news for retail borrowers.
Itâ€™s a dogâ€™s life â€“ in insurance, too.
Though public sector general insurers and some private ones have offered this cover ...
The new year, it seems, promises to bring some good news for retail borrowers.
The banking regulator Reserve of Bank of India (RBI) today asked the banks not to do lip service, but get into actual action on ...
The banking regulator Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to announce a new guideline on January 4th which will give the ...
HDFC Bank has been directed by a consumer forum here to pay Rs 15,000 to one of its customers for showing her credit card dues as ...
"The Reserve Bank of India has rescheduled the start date for implementation of Basel III to April 1, 2013 from January 1, ...
HDFC Bank has decided to cut its benchmark lending rates by 0.1%, making loans cheaper for its borrowers in the new year.
It was merely an obligation in the past, but financial inclusion has now turned into a big business opportunity for private
The US policymakers, who are negotiating to resolve the fiscal cliff crisis, will play a key role in setting the tone for the ...
Insurance companies will no longer insist on written confirmation from banks as proof for address and identification for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has rescheduled the start date for implementation of Basel-III financial norms to April 1, ...
An official study issued on Friday by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), while decrying citizens’ preference for gold as a ...
Berkshire Partners LLC, a Boston- based buyout firm that invests in mid-sized companies, agreed to acquire Lightower Fiber ...
Banks will have to play a greater role in resource allocation, given the tough conditions in the capital market, the Reserve Bank ...
Raising concern on regulatory and data availability gaps on the shadow banking system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday ...
High inflation, slowing growth and rising fiscal and current account deficits had increased the risks to macroeconomic stability, ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Friday said the draft guidelines on bancassurance, which were released by insurance regulator ...
Flagging concern over the rise in banking frauds, the Reserve Bank of India on Friday said banks in India might be ...
An official study issued on Friday by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), while decrying citizens’ preference for gold as a ...
Raising concern on regulatory and data availability gaps on the shadow banking system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Friday said the draft guidelines on bancassurance, which were released by insurance regulator ...
Union Bank today said it has raised Rs 800 crore through issuance of lower tier-II bonds.
The households sector savings has been finding its way to asset like gold and this is a cause of concern in the long-term. This ...
Raising concern on the regulatory and data availability gaps in respect of the shadow banking system in the country, the Reserve ...
Flagging concern on rise in banking frauds, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said banks in India may be underestimating the ...
HDFC Bank today said it has raised about Rs 1,405 crore from bonds to fund its business growth.
Federal Bank today said it has granted Employee Stock Options worth around Rs 114 crore to its employees this year.
Profitability of banks is likely to come under pressure in the coming quarters in view of deteriorating asset quality of banks ...
Employees and officers under the banner of United Forum of RBI Officers and Employees have called a countrywide strike on January ...
Mangalore-based private sector bank, Karnataka Bank opened its first ultra small branch at Byadanur Village of Tumkur district, ...
The proposed guidelines by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are likely to impact the ...
Public sector lender Bank of India on Thursday raised interest rate for bulk deposits by 50 basis points to nine per cent for one ...
Despite the government auditor insisting Export Credit Guarantee Corp of India Ltd (ECGC) mandate banks to check the ...
The government has cleared a Rs 3,004-crore capital infusion into State Bank of India (SBI) this financial year.
However, how ...
Year 2013 could ring in some good news for bank aspirants.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), currently giving final touches to the ...
Galleon Group LLC co-founder Raj Rajaratnam, who is serving 11 years in prison for insider trading, agreed to pay $1.5 million to ...
The proposed guidelines by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are likely to impact the ...
Public sector lender Bank of India on Thursday raised interest rate for bulk deposits by 50 basis points to nine per cent for one ...
Despite the government auditor insisting Export Credit Guarantee Corp of India Ltd (ECGC) mandate banks to check the ...
The government has cleared a Rs 3,004-crore capital infusion into State Bank of India (SBI) this financial year.
However, how ...
There will be some good news for the bank aspirants in the new year.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) which currently giving final ...
The proposed guidelines by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are likely to impact the ...
Bank of India has increased the interest on deposits of Rs 10 crore and above having maturity of one year and above to less than ...
Mangalore-based Corporation Bank is looking to raise Rs 200 crore through unsecured innovative perpetual non-convertible Tier I ...
The stock of Karur Vysya Bank, an older-generation private sector lender, hit an all-time high today, on rumours of it being seen ...
2012 witnessed a lack of exits and tough fundraising in the PE/VC sector.
As the deadline for direct cash transfer for subsidies in 43 districts nears, the government has started the mapping of gram ...
SREI Infrastructure Ltd plans to set up about 25,000 white label automated telling machines (ATMs ) in rural areas, taking ...
IDBI Asset Management, the mutual fund subsidiary of IDBI Bank, has garnered about Rs 120 crore through its ‘IDBI Gilt ...
Even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to issue cheques conforming to the cheque truncation system (CTS-2010) by ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has invited a request for proposal (RFQ) from organisations for finding ...
The wedge between credit and deposit growth has persisted, with bank deposits falling for the fortnight ended December 14.
On a ...
2012 witnessed a lack of exits and tough fundraising in the PE/VC sector.
SREI Infrastructure Ltd plans to set up about 25,000 white label automated telling machines (ATMs ) in rural areas, taking ...
IDBI Asset Management, the mutual fund subsidiary of IDBI Bank, has garnered about Rs 120 crore through its ‘IDBI Gilt ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has invited a request for proposal (RFQ) from organisations for finding ...
Srei Infrastructure Ltd plans to set up about 25,000 white label ATMs in rural areas, taking benefit of policy to throw open the ...
As the deadline for direct cash transfer for subsidies in 43 districts nears, the government has started mapping of gram ...
In a major relief to insurers in the health segment, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has invited ...
The special bonus will be paid at the respective policy anniversaries in the period between February 1, 2013 and January 31, ...
Approval to the long-awaited Banking Laws Amendment Bill by Parliament towards the end of 2012 has paved the way for enhanced ...
Three Georgia counties have filed a lawsuit claiming that British bank HSBC cost them hundreds of millions of dollars in extra ...
Japanese government bonds are headed for the longest run of annual gains on record, buoyed by central bank purchases almost ...
The new year could bring some cheer among bankers, as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to start the rate easing cycle ...
Banks, facing increasing asset quality pressure for the past two years, might see some respite only by the end of 2013, if the ...
Many bankers are questioning Goldman Sachs’ top position in a list for 2012 put out by Dealogic in the second week of ...
Despite the interest rates having a softer bias, with the central bank indicating rate cuts during the fourth quarter of the ...
Groep NV, Belgium’s largest bank and insurer by market value, agreed to sell Absolut Bank for Euro 1 billion ($1.3 billion) ...
The pound weakened to the lowest level in nearly eight months against the euro as a report showed house prices fell for a sixth ...
Commercial Bank of Qatar QSC, the Persian Gulf country’s second-biggest bank, will start talks to buy Alternatifbank AS of ...
One of the promoters of IndusInd Bank -- IndusInd International Holdings -- on Monday offloaded 4.6 mn shares of the private ...
The Bank of Israel reduced its benchmark interest rate to its lowest in more than two years amid a European debt crisis, ...
Slackening demand for credit and pressure on asset quality are some of the challenges that the Indian banking sector is facing in ...
Rating agency Brickwork Ratings India has revised the outlook on Lakshmi Vilas Bank’s Tier-II bonds from stable to ...
To boost liquidity in the system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced Open Market Operations (OMOs) purchase of gilts worth ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India has raised about Rs 1,100 crore by issuing tier-I-and-II bonds, taking its total capital ...
The pound weakened to the lowest level in nearly eight months against the euro as a report showed house prices fell for a sixth ...
One of the promoters of IndusInd Bank -- IndusInd International Holdings -- on Monday offloaded 4.6 mn shares of the private ...
The Bank of Israel reduced its benchmark interest rate to its lowest in more than two years amid a European debt crisis, ...
Rating agency Brickwork Ratings India has revised the outlook on Lakshmi Vilas Bank’s Tier-II bonds from stable to ...
To boost liquidity in the system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced Open Market Operations (OMOs) purchase of gilts worth ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India has raised about Rs 1,100 crore by issuing tier-I-and-II bonds, taking its total capital ...
SBI General Insurance has collected a premium of Rs 425.47 crore in the period April-November 2012, which is a growth of 219%, ...
Dena Bank has increased its interest rate on term deposits having maturity of one year to less than two years by 35 basis points ...
Federal Bank has increased the rate on domestic fixed term deposits by 25 to 50 basis points in some maturities.
A press release ...
Union Bank of India will be raising up to Rs 1,500 crore through Tier I and Tier II bonds in the current financial year.
It will take time to fully stabilise a larger business franchise and start reaping economies of scale benefits.
Moody’s has ...
It will take time to fully stabilise a larger business franchise and start reaping economies of scale benefits.
Moody’s has ...
When Rashmi Deshmukh needed money for her hand-knit clothing business in Mumbai, she couldn’t wait for bank approval. ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Saturday said the public-sector banks would need around Rs 1 lakh crore capital over the next ...
The Finance Minister today said that the public sector Banks would require around Rs 1 lakh crore capital over the next 5-10 ...
United Bank of India (UBI), a public sector lender, is embarking on a transformation programme to enhance its productivity by ...
The government has increased the ceiling for foreign direct investment (FDI) in asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) to 74 per ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) said the country had a fall in insurance density in 2011, the first ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has proposed an exposure draft to regulate opening of new offices by ...
AEGON Religare Life Insurance is looking to use the online channel as a major route to drive business growth in 2013-14. At a ...
Edelweiss Financial Services will divest 26 per cent stake in its housing finance arm, Edelweiss Housing Finance, to a foreign ...
“There is a lot of work to be done from January 1.
There are huge burdens, huge responsibility going to fall on your ...
The government has increased the ceiling for foreign direct investment (FDI) in asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) to 74 per ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has proposed an exposure draft to regulate opening of new offices by ...
Edelweiss Financial Services will divest 26 per cent stake in its housing finance arm, Edelweiss Housing Finance, to a foreign ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) said that since opening up of Indian insurance sector for private ...
State-owned banks can now increase capital while issuing preference shares, rights issues or bonus shares without being limited ...
"There is lot of work to be done from January 1.
There are huge burden, huge responsibility going to fall on your shoulders. ...
With a rise in corporate loan defaults and its adverse impact on banks’ balance sheets, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
The latest entrants in the banking sector are focusing on retail liabilities, which in turn are used for cross-selling products ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has requested the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to reduce the minimum tenure for fixed deposits to ...
Borrowing by banks under the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) daily Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) touched a record high ...
Hong Kong's de facto central bank said it is investigating possible misconduct by UBS over its submission of interbank rates, ...
The Bank of Japan expanded its asset-purchase programme for the third time in four months, and will reconsider its objectives for ...
Housing finance companies (HFCs) and the National Housing Bank (NHB) will seek clarity from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on ...
The Karnataka Bank Ltd (KBL) is not facing any takeover moves and reports to that effect are all “rumours”, according ...
A section of public sector bank employees have gone on nation-wide strike today to protest the Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill, ...
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd led non-bank lenders higher here trading after parliamentary approval of laws giving the Reserve ...
The green signal to the Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill by Parliament is likely to lead to some consolidation in the banking
With the Lok Sabha passing the Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill, paving the way for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for issuing ...
The Reserve Bank of India will expedite the process of issuing final guidelines regarding the entry of new entities in the ...
The government is planning to cap the term of shareholder and non-official directors on the boards of public-sector banks, ...
Shriram Properties, real estate arm of the Rs 50,000-crore Shriram Group, has planned to raise around Rs 300 crore from private ...
Ajmal Ahammed is not a familiar name in the venture capital (VC) sector in India.
Still, the VC entity where he’s ...
Two former UBS AG traders face felony charges for their alleged roles in the rigging of a key global interest rate, the US ...
Swiss bank UBS swallowed a $1.5-billion fine and admitted to fraud on Wednesday after a global probe revealed its staff ...
ICICI Bank Ltd and MMP Mobi Wallet Payment Systems, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Teleservices Ltd, today announced a ...
The European Central Bank avoided a legal challenge to its purchase of euro-area government debt and acceptance of Greek, Irish ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has set up a committee to consider sub-broking in insurance.
A total of ...
The green signal to the Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill by Parliament is likely to lead to some consolidation in the banking
Shriram Properties, real estate arm of the Rs 50,000-crore Shriram Group, has planned to raise around Rs 300 crore from private ...
Ajmal Ahammed is not a familiar name in the venture capital (VC) sector in India.
Still, the VC entity where heâ€™s operations ...
A day after Lok Sabha passed the Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill, RBI Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty today said the process for ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has set up a committee to consider sub broking in insurance.
A total of ...
ICICI Bank and MMP Mobi Wallet Payment Systems, wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Teleservices, today announced a strategic tie up ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has extended a Line of Credit (LoC) of $76.50 million to the government of Malawi.
The ...
Bangalore-based private sector lender ING Vysya Bank has appointed Sanjeev Aga as an additional director with effect from ...
The country’s leading bankers want cash-rich public sector companies to lead the way and kick-start investments.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has indicated a coming change in its monetary policy to a more growth-oriented one in the fourth ...
US prosecutors are planning to file charges next week against multiple bankers associated with UBS AG’s rigging of Tokyo ...
Deutsche Bank’s decision to choose company veterans as its new leaders is in danger of backfiring, as their attempts to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will infuse Rs 8,000 crore into the system by purchasing government securities on ...
The Lok Sabha today cleared the Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2011, after Finance Minister P Chidambaram agreed to drop the ...
Following the advance tax outflow from the system, borrowing by banks under the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) daily Liquidity ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today kept the key interest rates unchanged but hinted easing of rates in January saying with ...
Six of the country's leading bankers -- Pratip Chaudhuri, Chairman, State Bank of India, Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO, ICICI ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left policy interest rates unchanged as expected on Tuesday, ignoring the growing clamour from ...
With growth slowing down and the pipeline of new pojects drying up, banks arefacing the heat in terms of low credit offtake, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday allowed real estate developers and housing finance companies to raise up to $1 billion ...
Despite the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) conducting open market purchase of gilts, liquidity has worsened.
India Infrastructure Finance Company Limited (IIFCL) plans to raise Rs 1,500 crore through an issue of bonds.
It will open on ...
The menace of illegal chit fund companies is not limited to West Bengal and the government is working with the Reserve Bank of ...
bAhead of Basel-III norms that will kick in from January 1, banks are busy shoring up their tier-I capital through perpetual ...
Axis Bank, the third largest private sector lender, will raise equity capital by issuing up to 45.8 million fresh shares which ...
The insurance giant American International Group said on Monday that it had launched a process to sell off its entire stake in ...
The global bond market disagreed with Moody’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s more often than not this ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is soon expected to relax the norms for entry of foreign banks into the country, a top government ...
India’s growth potential will deteriorate further if the government doesn’t hasten the reforms process and narrow the ...
Anita Nair, 45, an artist here, recently purchased a unit-linked plan from a private insurance company.
The agent had told her it ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company Limited (IIFCL) plans to raise Rs 1,500 crore through an issue of bonds.
It will open on ...
The insurance giant American International Group said on Monday that it had launched a process to sell off its entire stake in ...
The global bond market disagreed with Moody’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s more often than not this ...
Anita Nair, 45, an artist here, recently purchased a unit-linked plan from a private insurance company.
The agent had told her it ...
The government has approved the first tranche of Rs 12,000 crore fund infusion in state-owned banks, a move aimed at enhancing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed real estate developers and housing finance companies to raise up to $1 billion ...
Axis Bank today launched its e-Gift card, making it the first Indian bank to do so.
The facility of e- Gift Card can be availed ...
For the first time in its 200-year history, State Bank of India has taken its officers’ association to court for resorting ...
The Wholesale Price Index (WPI)-based inflation may have eased to its weakest in 10 months in November but the Reserve Bank of ...
Buoyed by fall in inflation, bankers have stepped up their demand for a cut in interest rate by the Reserve Bank in its ...
Indian banks lost a whopping Rs 4,448 crore to frauds in the last financial year.
The revelation by the finance minister came in ...
Indian reinsurer General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC Re) will be going aggressive on expanding overseas from the next ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which has invested in offer for sale (OFS) of NMDC and Hindustan Copper, will ...
India-born former Goldman Sachs Director Rajat Gupta has said he should not be required to pay the global investment banking firm ...
The Federal Reserve moved to subject two dozen foreign banks with at least $50 billion of global assets to stricter US capital ...
Securities regulators have made inquiries into the mortgage repurchase practices at Bank of America Corp’s Countrywide ...
Indian reinsurer General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC Re) will be going aggressive on expanding overseas from the next ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which has invested in offer for sale (OFS) of NMDC and Hindustan Copper, will ...
India-born former Goldman Sachs Director Rajat Gupta has said he should not be required to pay the global investment banking firm ...
The Federal Reserve moved to subject two dozen foreign banks with at least $50 billion of global assets to stricter US capital ...
Securities regulators have made inquiries into the mortgage repurchase practices at Bank of America Corp’s Countrywide ...
Ahead of RBI's monetary review next week, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said inflation has risen to ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which has invested in offer for sale (OFS) of NMDC and Hindustan Copper. will invest ...
The Union government is working on a plan to get IDBI Bank into the controversial Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway project, to save the ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has extended line of credit (LoC) of $19 million to the government of Guyana, for setting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has extended the deadline for implementing the Cheque Truncation System-2010 (CTS-2010) by ...
The government on Friday said there was a 8.2 per cent fall in the number of new life insurance policies sold during 2011-12 ...
The worst might be over for State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, on asset quality issues.
The government on Friday said there was a 8.2 per cent fall in the number of new life insurance policies sold during 2011-12 ...
India is not a candidate for downgrade by global rating agencies particularly after the recent economic reforms, World Bank chief ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to slash the lending rate by about 0.5% by March and inflation is likely to be trend down to around 7% ...
Customers of India's largest bank SBI will not be able to use internet banking facilities for 12 hours from 8 pm tomorrow.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has extended the deadline of implementing Cheque Truncation System-2010 (CTS- 2010) cheques by ...
The worst may be over for State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, so far as asset quality is concerned. ...
The Reserve Bank has received a large number of complaints relating to credit cards against lenders such as SBI, ICICI Bank and ...
Around 1.72 crore people are using mobile banking services in the country and private bank HDFC Bank has the largest number of ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has extended Line of Credit (LOC) of $19 million to the Government of Guyana, for setting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to keep interest rates unchanged on Tuesday, according to a new Reuters poll, with ...
Maintaining negative outlook on the country’s banking sector, Fitch Ratings on Thursday said gross bad assets of domestic ...
Rating agency Moody’s on Thursday revised its rating outlook to negative from stable for three public sector banks (PSBs), ...
The life insurance industry would see a 15 per cent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in new business premiums in the next two ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, said it had opened 101 ‘Gramin’ branches, as distinct ...
After a raid at Deutsche Bank's headquarters, the company disclosed Wednesday that two of its highest-ranking executives were a ...
Finance ministers agreed early on Thursday to place banks in the Euro area under a single supervisor, a step enabling European ...
The proposed asset classification norms and standard asset provisioning norms of the Reserve Bank of India are expected to impact ...
Kotak Mahindra Capital, investment banking arm of Kotak Mahindra Bank, has entered into an exclusive strategic alliance with ...
Indian companies raised $4.29 billion, through external commercial borrowings (ECBs) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...
The life insurance industry would see a 15 per cent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in new business premiums in the next two ...
After a raid at Deutsche Bank's headquarters, the company disclosed Wednesday that two of its highest-ranking executives were a ...
Finance ministers agreed early on Thursday to place banks in the Euro area under a single supervisor, a step enabling European ...
The proposed asset classification norms and standard asset provisioning norms of the Reserve Bank of India are expected to impact ...
Kotak Mahindra Capital, investment banking arm of Kotak Mahindra Bank, has entered into an exclusive strategic alliance with ...
Indian companies raised $4.29 billion, through external commercial borrowings (ECBs) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...
Rating agency Moody’s today revised the rating outlook to negative from stable for three public sector banks due to ...
Rating agency Crisil today said the revised guidelines for non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) could lower their return on ...
Maintaining negative outlook on the country's banking sector, Fitch Ratings today said gross bad assets of domestic banks could ...
The life insurance industry would see a 15% compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) in new business premiums in the next two years, ...
Indian banks have lost a whopping Rs 4,448 crore to frauds in the last financial year.
The revelation by the finance minister ...
Around five lakh employees representing various public sector Banks are planning to go on a strike on December 20th against ...
Private life insurer HDFC Life today launched two unit-linked pension plans in the Uttar Pradesh market based on the new ...
Kotak Mahindra Capital, the investment banking arm of Kotak Mahindra Bank, today said it has entered into an exclusive strategic ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, today said it has opened 101 gramin branches across six states as ...
YES Bank Ltd will offer American Express' credit cards to its high value clients, the private lender said in a statement today.
Within two months of launching an online point of sales (POS) system for its distribution channels, HDFC Life has seen 40 to 50 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may soon allow repo trades between market players through certificates of deposit (CDs) and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday allowed banks to issue online debit cards, including co-branded debit cards and ...
The sharp slowing in India’s economic growth has had a “notable” impact on advanced economies, according to ...
Rating agency Icra has downgraded its rating for GMR Infrastructure Ltd’s short-term loans to “A3” from ...
The Reserve Bank of India has proposed tighter norms for non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) on capital requirements, risk ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday allowed banks to issue debit cards, including co-branded debit cards and  rupee ...
The Reserve Bank of India has proposed tighter norms for non-banking financial companies with regard to capital requirements, ...
Banks' loan growth improved in the first two months of the second half of the fiscal year as demand from home loan and retail ...
Five banks, including SBI, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank, today launched Saral Money bank account product which allows customers to ...
YES Bank will offer American Express' credit cards to its high value clients, the private lender said in a statement today.
Banks should address data quality, which is a key for sustainable growth and they should also look at MSME sector for the growth, ...
State and federal authorities decided against indicting HSBC in a money-laundering case over concerns that criminal charges could ...
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled that banks were entitled to declare as a wilful defaulter any person who did not repay his ...
The government is likely to sell 9.5 per cent of its stake in the largest power generator, NTPC, on January 15, which could fetch ...
At a time when public sector banks are reeling under mounting asset quality pressure, Mumbai-based Union Bank of India has ...
The government on Tuesday fixed Rs 147 a share as the base price, a 7.7 per cent discount at the market rate, for sale of its 10 ...
ICICI Bank has raised foreign exchange resources worth Swiss francs 100 million (over $100 million) through seven year bond.
The ...
In a bid to break the deadlock over a Bill to amend banking laws, Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday reached out to the ...
With global interest rates continuing to remain low, non-resident Indians (NRIs) can use the non-resident (external) rupee ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank on Tuesday closed its qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue by raising Rs 2,000 crore ...
Having the largest ATM network in India can be an enviable position.
But for the country’s largest bank, the State Bank of ...
State and federal authorities decided against indicting HSBC in a money-laundering case over concerns that criminal charges could ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank today successfully closed its qualified institutional placement (QIP) transaction by raising ...
The Lok Sabha on Monday approved an amendment Bill to ease the recovery of bad loans by banks.
Opposition parties walked out ...
British bank Standard Chartered Plc will pay $327 million (£203 million) to resolve allegations that it violated US ...
The American International Group agreed on Sunday to sell up to 90 per cent of its extensive airplane leasing unit to a group of ...
Kerala-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) has high exposure to cyclically weak sectors such as textiles, according to rating agency ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) can pay interest to banks on their cash reserve ratio (CRR) deposits if the laws are changed, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today eased the mandatory know your customer (KYC) norms for banks so that opening a bank account ...
For staunch loyalists of India’s growth story, the profiles of foreign institutional money into the country’s ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Monday said raising investment limit for insurance companies to 30 ...
Electronic transactions in the country in first seven months of this financial year were reported at Rs 17,83,605 crore, rising ...
The tightening of lending norms by Indian banks has fuelled the way for global financial institutions to shift focus to the ...
The Lok Sabha on Monday approved an amendment Bill to ease the recovery of bad loans by banks.
Opposition parties walked out ...
British bank Standard Chartered Plc will pay $327 million (£203 million) to resolve allegations that it violated US ...
The American International Group agreed on Sunday to sell up to 90 per cent of its extensive airplane leasing unit to a group of ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Monday said raising investment limit for insurance companies to 30 ...
The tightening of lending norms by Indian banks has fuelled the way for global financial institutions to shift focus to the ...
After sluggish credit demand growth this year, bankers see some marginal improvement in 2012-13 from sectors engaged in ...
Providing flexibility for lenders and asset reconstruction companies (ARCs), the amendments to debt recovery law will improve ...
After a year of sluggish credit demand in FY13, bankers see some marginal improvement in credit growth in the next fiscal coming ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to leave key policy rates unchanged at its mid-quarter monetary policy review next week but will go ...
The Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held on December 08, ...
Credit growth is expected to be better and will move up in the next financial year, on the back of higher growth in gross ...
Union Bank of India expects fund infusion of about Rs 1,000 crore as part of recapitalisation plan of the government.
RBI Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty has come down heavily on banks showing higher profits without providing adequately for bad ...
After leaving Wall Street more than four years ago, David Kostman recently returned.
A lack of interest from investors is threatening to derail the efforts of Indian banks to raise the additional capital they need ...
Greek and foreign bondholders offered the targeted euro 30 billion ($38.8 billion) in a debt buyback that is key to the ...
The credit growth is expected to be better in the next financial year on the back of higher gross domestic product (GDP) growth, ...
In a move to facilitate greater flow of funds to the infrastructure sector, insurance firms have now been allowed to take their ...
Goldman Sachs Group will pay $1.5 million to settle US Commodity Futures Trading Commission claims the firm failed to supervise a ...
After leaving Wall Street more than four years ago, David Kostman recently returned.
A lack of interest from investors is threatening to derail the efforts of Indian banks to raise the additional capital they need ...
Greek and foreign bondholders offered the targeted euro 30 billion ($38.8 billion) in a debt buyback that is key to the ...
Goldman Sachs Group will pay $1.5 million to settle US Commodity Futures Trading Commission claims the firm failed to supervise a ...
India-born former Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta's appeal against his conviction on insider trading charges will be taken up ...
Economists at foreign investment banks, such as Deutsche Bank, Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) and Goldman Sachs are ...
India Ratings has cut the rating for Shoppers Stop Ltd’s (SSL) short-term debt and commercial paper to “A1” ...
Indian Bank was planning to merge its housing finance arm, Ind Bank Housing Ltd, with itself by March 31, and was looking for a ...
A senior Reserve Bank of India official has raised concern on the country’s widening current account deficit (CAD), saying ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will continue to take steps to address the deficit in the banking system liquidity, Deputy ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has said it cannot allow the same relaxation on investment norms for ...
India-born former Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta's appeal against his conviction on insider trading charges will be taken up ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will continue to take steps to address the deficit in the banking system liquidity, Deputy ...
Private sector Indusind Bank today said it has alloted 73,082 equity shares to those who had exercised the option under the ...
The rupee fell on Friday, snapping three sessions of gains, dragged by the euro's weakness, but dealers said that the local ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised concerns on the widening Current Account Deficit (CAD) of India as the central bank feels ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will continue to take steps to  address the liquidity deficit in the system, its deputy governor ...
The Indian banking system liquidity deficit is within comfort zone and the RBI will take more steps to address the deficit if ...
Citibank will continue to be a net recruiter in India, despite plans to cut 11,000 jobs globally.
To push the housing sector the Union finance ministry wants public sector banks (PSBs) to explore the idea of selling their loans ...
A decline in oil prices, improving demand situation in abroad markets and structural reforms at home will help Indian economy ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Thursday warned that severe action would be taken against banks if they employed musclemen or ...
Banks will aim to improve their credit-deposit ratio in West Bengal to 68 per cent by the next financial year, said D Subbarao, ...
State-owned banks have been asked to take fresh steps to speed up recovery of non-performing assets (NPAs), Finance Minister P ...
The government is using electoral rolls to open bank accounts in the 51 districts chosen for the roll-out of the direct cash ...
Standard Chartered expects to pay $330 million to settle a case with US regulators who accused the Asia-focused bank of failing ...
HSBC Holdings Plc might pay a fine of $1.8 billion as part of a settlement with US law-enforcement agencies over money-laundering ...
Acknowledging that the economy is likely to remain weak into next year, the European Central Bank sharply reduced its growth ...
Standard Chartered expects to pay $330 million to settle a case with US regulators who accused the Asia-focused bank of failing ...
HSBC Holdings Plc might pay a fine of $1.8 billion as part of a settlement with US law-enforcement agencies over money-laundering ...
Acknowledging that the economy is likely to remain weak into next year, the European Central Bank sharply reduced its growth ...
"We agreed last year that the credit-deposit ratio for current financial year must be 65%. We reviewed the situation.
As of ...
The government has given the deadline of December 15 to the public sector banks to open the bank accounts in the 51 districts ...
In line with the stock market, the Indian rupee failed to maintain initial gains against the American currency and was quoted at ...
Citigroup announced on Wednesday that it would cut 11,000 jobs, reducing its work force by roughly 4 per cent in an effort to cut ...
A former Goldman Sachs director, Rajat K Gupta, may remain free on bail while he challenges his insider-trading conviction, a ...
Fitch Ratings on Wednesday said balance sheets of Indian telecom companies would continue to weaken in 2013, due to funding ...
News of a deal to restructure loans at financially troubled power distribution companies (discoms) brought some relief, albeit ...
The brass of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said the government and the regulator’s role in managing crisis ...
Encouraged by the change in FDI regulations, India’s logistic companies are increasingly taking the private equity route to ...
Karvy Financial Services, non-banking finance company (NBFC) of the Karvy Group, hopes to raise Rs 150-200 crore from PE ...
Citigroup announced on Wednesday that it would cut 11,000 jobs, reducing its work force by roughly 4 per cent in an effort to cut ...
A former Goldman Sachs director, Rajat K Gupta, may remain free on bail while he challenges his insider-trading conviction, a ...
Encouraged by the change in FDI regulations, India’s logistic companies are increasingly taking the private equity route to ...
Karvy Financial Services, non-banking finance company (NBFC) of the Karvy Group, hopes to raise Rs 150-200 crore from PE ...
The top brass of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the government and the regulator's role in managing crisis is likely ...
United Bank of India today said it has raised Rs 300 crore by selling perpetual bonds.
The bonds
having face value of Rs 10 lakh ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, today introduced a flexible recurring deposit product that will ...
ING Vysya Bank, the Bangalore-based private sector lender, will need to raise capital regularly to support its ...
The government is looking to infuse Rs 4,000 crore in State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, a bank executive told ...
Faster product approvals through the use-and-file routes, perceived to be the biggest motivators behind the product ...
The government is committed to restricting the fiscal deficit to 5.3 per cent of gross domestic product this financial year and ...
Moody’s on Tuesday said it continued to maintain a negative outlook on the Indian banking system, as asset quality was ...
A Business Standard poll, conducted among prominent fund managers and economists, shows that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc, and Wells Fargo & Co must face claims over home foreclosure practices in a lawsuit ...
Credit Suisse Group AG informed financial institutional clients it would start imposing negative interest rates on cash balances ...
The Reserve Bank of Australia cut its benchmark interest rate to the half-century low set during the 2009 global recession, as an ...
Global reinsurer Munich Re has signed a deal with wind energy turbine company REpower, a subsidiary of Suzlon Energy, to offer ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said it had entered into an agreement with the Bank of Mauritius for cooperation and ...
In a first, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set up a supervisory college each for the State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Tuesdayf said life insurance companies were not permitted to ...
Faster product approvals through the use-and-file routes, perceived to be the biggest motivators behind the product ...
A Business Standard poll, conducted among prominent fund managers and economists, shows that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is ...
Credit Suisse Group AG informed financial institutional clients it would start imposing negative interest rates on cash balances ...
Global reinsurer Munich Re has signed a deal with wind energy turbine company REpower, a subsidiary of Suzlon Energy, to offer ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Tuesdayf said life insurance companies were not permitted to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set up the supervisory college for cross border cooperation for the supervision of State Bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to hold interest rates in the mid quarter review of the monetary policy scheduled 18 ...
Moody's today said it continues to maintain its negative outlook on the Indian banking system as asset quality is likely to ...
Moody's said its outlook on the Indian banking system over the next 12 months to 18 months remains negative due to a challenging ...
Former European Central Bank policy maker Nout Wellink said Spain can’t realistically expect officials to narrow the bond ...
The stress in our domestic markets may prevail for sometime as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised concerns that the global ...
Soon you can claim reimbursement from your insurer on your travel-related expenses if your car is getting repaired.
Private life insurer HDFC Life on Monday announced the launch of two pension plans, HDFC Life Pension Super Plus and HDFC Life ...
The International Monetary Fund endorsed nations’ use of capital control measures in certain circumstances, making official ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance will need Rs 150-200 crore capital over the next two years to meet its business needs and drive ...
The file-and-use mandate for 18 product categories identified by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) would take ...
Traditional product guidelines for life insurance companies will be out in the next 45 days, according to insurers.
Sources said ...
As growth continues to falter, Indian corporates are increasingly going for the second round of loan restructuring as the first ...
Despite the finance ministry asking public sector banks to opt for rights issue, some of the banks may still want direct equity ...
The stress in our domestic markets may prevail for sometime as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised concerns that the global ...
Soon you can claim reimbursement from your insurer on your travel-related expenses if your car is getting repaired.
Private life insurer HDFC Life on Monday announced the launch of two pension plans, HDFC Life Pension Super Plus and HDFC Life ...
The International Monetary Fund endorsed nations’ use of capital control measures in certain circumstances, making official ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance will need Rs 150-200 crore capital over the next two years to meet its business needs and drive ...
The file-and-use mandate for 18 product categories identified by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) would take ...
Traditional product guidelines for life insurance companies will be out in the next 45 days, according to insurers.
Sources said ...
As growth continues to falter, Indian corporates are increasingly going for the second round of loan restructuring as the first ...
Indian banks may struggle to meet their priority sector lending targets this financial year despite improvement in farm credit ...
After nearly two years, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) – the largest insurer in the country – will launch ...
India Ratings has said a clear role for the National Housing Bank (NHB) in monitoring and ensuring repayments to investors of ...
Investment bankers in India are staring at the possibility of taking home low to zero year-end bonuses this Christmas, as banks ...
Indian Ratings has said a clear role for the National Housing Bank in monitoring and ensuring repayments to investors of covered ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) has decided to scrap its plan to buy the retail and commercial banking ...
The reduction in interest rates by banks in home loans has finally helped them garner a higher month-on-month growth this festive ...
To attract long-term investments into the debt market and to narrow the current account deficit, the finance ministry today ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) has decided to scrap its plan to buy the retail and commercial banking ...
The reduction in interest rates by banks in home loans has finally helped banks to garner a higher month-on-month growth this ...
The liquidity condition eased today after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday announced Open Market Operations (OMOs) ...
Mumbai-based public sector lender Union Bank of India has reduced interest rates on home loans above Rs 30 lakh by 25 basis ...
After negotiating for almost two-and-a-half years, Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) has decided to scrap its plan ...
Royal Bank of Scotland's sale of its Indian retail and commercial banking operations to HSBC has fallen through more than two ...
The Reserve Bank is unlikely to cut the repo rate before the end of January, British brokerage Barclays Capital said today.
Liquidity could worsen despite the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announcing open market operations (OMOs) by purchase of gilts ...
It is an area where Indian banks had rarely ventured in the past but the concept of credit cards for the uber-rich is fast ...
Ahead of the implementation of Basel-III norms in the banking sector, public sector banks are looking to raise capital, with a ...
Pension products, which were absent from the life insurance sector for the past few quarters, are back to the market.
HDFC ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has modified its earlier proposals on guidelines for participation in ...
Bank credit grew 16.9 per cent and deposits by 13.4 per cent year on year in the fortnight ended November 16.
Banks disbursed new ...
Liquidity could worsen despite the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announcing open market operations (OMOs) by purchase of gilts ...
Pension products, which were absent from the life insurance sector for the past few quarters, are back to the market.
HDFC ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has modified its earlier proposals on guidelines for participation in ...
Bank credit grew by 16.85% while the deposits up by 13.42% year-on-year (Y-o-Y) in the fortnight ended November 16.
The ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has issued modified guidelines for participation in in credit default ...
Ahead of the implementation of Basel III norms in the banking sector, public sector banks are looking for raising capital, with ...
Managalore-based private sector lender Karnataka Bank on Thursday said it has introduced the revised guidelines of the Reserve ...
While a significant portion of asset quality stress is already visible in public sector banks, the stress may peak out in the ...
As major economies grappling with financial slowdown and uncertainty over returns from green projects, private equity (PE) ...
India Ratings and Research says the India operations of London-headquartered Barclays bank are vulnerable to deterioration in ...
A sharp deterioration in the trade deficit and slower government reforms are set to add to factors weakening the rupee again ...
Publicly-held non-banking financial company Capital First (formerly Kishore Biyani-controlled Future Capital) is planning to ...
Indus Balaji, a domestic fund focused on emerging opportunities, with television and film production house Balaji Telefilms as ...
Fraudulent lending and embezzlement by officials, including at least two Indian citizens, led to failure of Afghanistan's Kabul ...
The European Commission on Wednesday approved a payment of euro 37 billion, or $48 billion, from the Euro zone bailout fund to ...
As major economies grappling with financial slowdown and uncertainty over returns from green projects, private equity (PE) ...
A sharp deterioration in the trade deficit and slower government reforms are set to add to factors weakening the rupee again ...
Publicly-held non-banking financial company Capital First (formerly Kishore Biyani-controlled Future Capital) is planning to ...
Indus Balaji, a domestic fund focused on emerging opportunities, with television and film production house Balaji Telefilms as ...
Fraudulent lending and embezzlement by officials, including at least two Indian citizens, led to failure of Afghanistan's Kabul ...
The European Commission on Wednesday approved a payment of euro 37 billion, or $48 billion, from the Euro zone bailout fund to ...
The Income Tax department has decided to begin prosecution action against those having "substantial" amounts in their ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will conduct open market operations (OMOs) to infuse liquidity in the system if the present ...
Dalal Street’s romance with Srinagar-based Jammu & Kashmir Bank is proving to be a long-drawn one.
Tagged as a sleepy, ...
With Iran facing a currency crisis in the aftermath of US sanctions, Indian exporters are having a tough time exporting to the ...
British bank Barclays today said it would increase its personnel at the wealth management division here by up to 15 per cent this ...
Lenders are close to firming up a restructuring package for loans worth about Rs 10,000 crore to financially stressed Suzlon ...
SBI Life Insurance has launched a guaranteed traditional savings plan called Smart Income Protect.
It offers tax-free regular ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is set to put an insurance company’s investment limit for the ...
SBI Life Insurance has launched a guaranteed traditional savings plan called Smart Income Protect.
It offers tax-free regular ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is set to put an insurance company’s investment limit for the ...
The Reserve Bank of India will take measures to address liquidity deficit if the shortage persists, said H.R. Khan, the central ...
American Express on Monday said it had launched a co-branded credit card with Jet Airways.
The card, Jet Airways
American Express ...
IndusInd Bank Ltd, the bank backed by the billionaire Hinduja brothers, might raise as much as $350 million in a share sale to ...
Gold loan non-banking financial company (NBFC) Muthoot Finance is planning to enter the white label ATMs (WLAs) space to ...
M V Tanksale, chairman and managing director of Central Bank of India, says non-performing assets (NPAs) in the banking system ...
On the one hand, the number of self-help groups (SHGs) obtaining a loan from banks has been coming down over the years, ...
With sharp rises in stressed assets, commercial banks have raised concern over delays in infrastructure projects.
Examples are ...
Insurance companies aren’t at all enthusiastic on the idea of a policy covering the Human Immuno Deficiency Virus (HIV), ...
Rating agency Icra has put 10 companies owned by Gurdeep (Ponty) Chadha and his brother, Hardeep Singh Chadha, under watch ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) plans to shift insurance companies to a risk-based solvency model from ...
The British government on Monday selected Mark Carney, head of the Canadian central bank, to succeed Mervyn King as the next ...
Britain's Financial Services Authority fined UBS £29.7 million on Monday for failing to prevent a $2.3-billion loss caused ...
American Express on Monday said it had launched a co-branded credit card with Jet Airways.
The card, Jet Airways
American Express ...
IndusInd Bank Ltd, the bank backed by the billionaire Hinduja brothers, might raise as much as $350 million in a share sale to ...
Gold loan non-banking financial company (NBFC) Muthoot Finance is planning to enter the white label ATMs (WLAs) space to ...
On the one hand, the number of self-help groups (SHGs) obtaining a loan from banks has been coming down over the years, ...
Insurance companies aren’t at all enthusiastic on the idea of a policy covering the Human Immuno Deficiency Virus (HIV), ...
Rating agency Icra has put 10 companies owned by Gurdeep (Ponty) Chadha and his brother, Hardeep Singh Chadha, under watch ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) plans to shift insurance companies to a risk-based solvency model from ...
The British government on Monday selected Mark Carney, head of the Canadian central bank, to succeed Mervyn King as the next ...
Britain's Financial Services Authority fined UBS £29.7 million on Monday for failing to prevent a $2.3-billion loss caused ...
Hyderabad-headquartered AP Mahesh Co-operative Urban Bank has deployed the VMware Zimbra collaboration suite - an ...
Rating agencies Moody's Investors and Standard & Poor's today said that the ratings issued to ICICI Bank's $750 million ...
Cash-starved Indian companies are increasingly turning to foreign markets to raise funds.
At least half a dozen companies, such ...
The present liquidity tightness is being caused by festival-related demand for currencies and rise of government balances. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will soon come up with guidelines to simplify know-your-customer (KYC) norms and to make Aadhaar ...
State Bank of India (SBI) chief has asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to allow the lender to buy back gold.
This is not ...
The present liquidity tightness caused by festival related demand for currencies and rise of government balances, if persists, ...
Banks have asked the Reserve Bank of India to allow them to buyback gold which is not allowed at present, though banks are ...
Deutsche Bank AG co-Chief Executive Anshu Jain says telling people he works in banking is a conversation-killer, as the industry ...
The tougher rules, known as Basel-III, are the world’s regulatory response to the 2007-09 financial crisis and would force ...
While prodding the private sector lenders to be more active in BANCON — the annual banking conclave — finance ...
With customers allowed to shift their home loans to other banks at no extra cost, a quarter of State Bank of India (SBI)’s ...
Deutsche Bank AG co-Chief Executive Anshu Jain says telling people he works in banking is a conversation-killer, as the industry ...
The tougher rules, known as Basel-III, are the world’s regulatory response to the 2007-09 financial crisis and would force ...
Mumbai-based Union Bank of India sees interest rate to soften going ahead and the bank may reduce lending rates further at a time ...
With customers are allowed to shift their home loan to other banks at no extra cost, State Bank of India has seen 25 per cent of ...
While prodding the private sector lenders to be more active in BANCON – the annual banking conclave – finance ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today made it clear to the RBI that it has the powers to issue new bank licences and expressed the ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today revived the debate on amalgamation of public sector banks saying some consolidation is ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves were at $293.526 billion as of November 16, compared with $293.56 billion in the previous ...
After banks, it is now the turn of non-banking finance companies (NBFC) to see a spike in loan defaults and provisioning for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to keep the upper limit on held-to-maturity (HTM) portfolios of banks unchanged, at ...
The finance ministry is likely to defer the proposal to set up a holding company for recapitalising public sector banks, as was ...
State Bank of India on Friday entered into a tie-up with Sohan Lal Commodity Management (SLCM) to provide post-harvest credit and ...
The premium collections of life insurers stood almost flat with just a 2.3 cent rise in October at Rs 6,851 crore, compared to ...
The debt restructuring package of SWAWS Credit Corp, the debt-ridden microfinance institution (MFI) based in Andhra Pradesh, has ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves were at $293.526 billion as of November 16, compared with $293.56 billion in the previous ...
After banks, it is now the turn of non-banking finance companies (NBFC) to see a spike in loan defaults and provisioning for ...
The premium collections of life insurers stood almost flat with just a 2.3 cent rise in October at Rs 6,851 crore, compared to ...
After banks, it is now turn of non-banking finance companies (NBFC) to see a spike in loan defaults and provisioning for non ...
The banking fraternity witnessed the curtain raiser of The Indian Banks’ Association’s (IBA) annual bankers ...
Dollar demand from oil refiners has offset the negative sentiment due to a rise in euro and domestic shares.
Oil firms have been ...
India Max Investment Fund today raised its holding in non-banking financial services company LKP Finance, by picking up ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance
has launched a new travel insurance product International Travel Insurance.
The policy provides ...
Banks have been asked to assign reasons for rejecting any educational loan applications, Parliament was informed today.
IDBI Asset Management Company, a fully owned subsidiary of IDBI Bank, is formulating a strategy around debt products for ...
With bottom lines and balance sheets under strain due to rising bad loans, banks have stepped up their efforts for recoveries. ...
Gilt yields rose today on expectations of additional borrowing by the government in the second half of the current financial ...
The government seems to be preparing the ground for the merger of public sector banks (PSBs). After asking small banks to ...
In banking circles, Ratnakar Bank is often referred to as the ‘NH4 Bank’ since a majority of its business comes from ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Thursday said separate legislation should be enacted to commence Islamic ...
Rating agency Fitch today downgraded the viability rating of public sector lender Canara Bank.
It, however, affirmed the ...
India Max Investment Fund today raised its holding in non-banking financial services company LKP Finance, by picking up ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance
has launched a new travel insurance product International Travel Insurance.
The policy provides ...
Gilt yields rose today on expectations of additional borrowing by the government in the second half of the current financial ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Thursday said separate legislation should be enacted to commence Islamic ...
HDFC Bank, country's second largest private sector lender, today opened 36 branches in Haryana, including 26 in rural areas.
The Reserve Bank will issue Rs 500 and Rs 10 denomination bank notes with rupee symbols shortly, it said in a release.
Bad loans of public sector banks stood at over Rs 1.43 lakh crore as of September, 2012, Parliament was informed today.
Banks have been asked to assign reasons for rejecting any educational loan applications, Parliament was informed today.
Fitch Ratings has downgraded Canara Bank's Viability Rating (VR) by one  notch to 'bb+' while affirming that of SBI, PNB and BOB ...
Sluggish economic growth and a low offtake of credit has prompted the banking sector to knock the doors of state governments. ...
Reserve Bank Governor, D Subbrao said that separate legislation should be enacted in order to commence Islamic Banking in ...
Deutsche Bank AG co-Chief Executive Officer Anshu Jain said he expects “significant consolidation” in the global ...
The government on Wednesday said the cap on stake that state-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) can hold in companies would ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) would release the final guidelines on investment limits for insurance ...
As the government is yet to find a replacement for Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn, it today gave him a ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao seems to have a knack of doing the opposite of what members of the technical ...
With around Rs 1 lakh crore of deposits to mature by December, banks have begun hastening the search for short-term sources of ...
When Ram Gollamudi, chief executive of Edutor Technologies, a Hyderabad-based start-up that develops and markets learning ...
Deutsche Bank AG co-Chief Executive Officer Anshu Jain said he expects “significant consolidation” in the global ...
The government on Wednesday said the cap on stake that state-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) can hold in companies would ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) would release the final guidelines on investment limits for insurance ...
As the government is yet to find a replacement for Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn, it today gave him a ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao seems to have a knack of doing the opposite of what members of the technical ...
When Ram Gollamudi, chief executive of Edutor Technologies, a Hyderabad-based start-up that develops and markets learning ...
The Reserve Bank of India today said banks may face penal action if they fail to adhere to the norms regarding sharing of ...
Noted economist Jagdish Bhagwati today called for a realignment in the monetary policy stance adopted by the Reserve Bank and ...
The government today said it will finalise Rs 15,000-crore capital infusion for public sector banks soon to help them enhance ...
Inward remmitances, i.e. foreign currency coming into the country sent by non-resident Indians working overseas, is likely to see ...
The rupee today lost 2 paise to close at two-and-a-half month low of 55.12 against the dollar amid strong demand for the US ...
In what may dash hopes of various industry players for reduction of the repo rate, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it ...
Last month, senior executives of a foreign bank with significant presence in India met clients from key markets abroad to explain ...
With a view to grow its revenue beyond the infrastructure segment, SBI Caps Ltd, the investment banking arm of State Bank of ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank continues to witness senior-level exits, with three more top management executives resigning from their positions ...
Although the finance ministry has given the green signal to Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to increase its stake in a company ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday dismissed as “media creation” reported differences between the ...
The world needs more reserve currencies, says Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao.
The finance ministers and chief ministers of the four southern states have told Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram that there ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ruled out Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) status for corporate bonds, amid talk that the ...
Former UBS trader Kweku Adoboli was convicted and sentenced to seven years in jail on Tuesday for the biggest fraud in British ...
The yen rallied from near its weakest level in almost seven months against the dollar after Bank of Japan (8301) Governor Masaaki ...
With a view to grow its revenue beyond the infrastructure segment, SBI Caps Ltd, the investment banking arm of State Bank of ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank continues to witness senior-level exits, with three more top management executives resigning from their positions ...
Although the finance ministry has given the green signal to Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to increase its stake in a company ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday dismissed as “media creation” reported differences between the ...
The world needs more reserve currencies, says Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ruled out Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) status for corporate bonds, amid talk that the ...
Former UBS trader Kweku Adoboli was convicted and sentenced to seven years in jail on Tuesday for the biggest fraud in British ...
Banks need not seek permission of the Reserve Bank to open administrative offices in large cities (Tier-I), the central bank said ...
Reserve Bank of India has harmonised the definition of infrastructure lending for financing by banks and financial institutions ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor HR Khan today indicated there was no move at present to give SLR status to corporate bonds.
HDFC Bank, the second-largest private sector bank, today launched its mobile application in Hindi for customers from the Hindi ...
Last month, senior executives of a foreign bank having significant presence in India met clients from key overseas markets to ...
Even as the rupee has been volatile in the last one month, RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan on Monday said, “RBI will intervene ...
Private sector lender Karnataka Bank on Monday said it had raised Rs 250 crore by issuing non-convertible subordinated debt ...
Bank of Maharashtra is targeting a minimum 50 per cent growth in net profit in the current financial year, a top official of the ...
Roland Berger Strategy, one of the world’s leading consulting firms, said the global investment banking sector would need ...
A week after the United Spirits-Diageo deal was announced, ailing Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) had a meeting with the consortium of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised concern on debt flows by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in the capital market. ...
With nine public sector bank chiefs set to retire in 2013-14, the finance ministry has relaxed the eligibility criteria for the ...
Capital controls cannot be a substitute to macroeconomic policies but should complement overall macroeconomic management, Reserve ...
Private sector lender Karnataka Bank on Monday said it had raised Rs 250 crore by issuing non-convertible subordinated debt ...
Bank of Maharashtra is targeting a minimum 50 per cent growth in net profit in the current financial year, a top official of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised concern on debt flows by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in the capital market. ...
The Reserve Bank has cancelled the licence of Ghaziabad Urban Cooperative Bank as it had become insolvent.
Reserve Bank will intervene in the forex market only to curb excessive volatility in exchange rate but stated there is no target ...
Private sector lender Karnataka Bank has raised Rs 250 crore by issue of non-convertible subordinated debt instruments in the ...
Mergers and acquisitions (M&As) in the banking space may require clearance from fair market watchdog, Competition Commission ...
Leading brokerage Bank of America- Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) has said that the Reserve Bank needs to intervene in the forex market ...
Mumbai, Nov 18 (PTI) Chennai-based public sector lender Indian Overseas Bank is mulling to raise funds through a perpetual bond ...
In a worsening trend of companies failing to meet their financial obligations, the country's domestic banks have witnessed an ...
The rupee may weaken further against the dollar this week amid dollar demand by importers.
Strong demand from importers
coupled ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may not reduce interest rates any time soon, despite the slowdown in growth and easing of ...
After a gap of almost six months, banks are again planning to raise funds by way of private placement of corporate bonds.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said the disenchantment with ‘casino banking’ in certain ...
A day after Finance Minister P Chidambaram said he had urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to start the process of finalising ...
Global financial services giant Goldman Sachs has promoted 266 persons, including at least 16 of Indian origin as managing ...
Global financial services giant Goldman Sachs has promoted 266 persons, including at least 16 of Indian origin as managing ...
Stating that credibility of the cooperative banks has "eroded", Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao today said there was ...
Reserve Bank governor D Subbarao today warned against "casino banking" that has over- financialised the real economy, ...
A day after Finance Minister P Chidambaram asked the Reserve Bank to speed up the process of issuing new bank licences, Governor ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today highlighted the importance of cooperatives as models of inclusive growth.
He was ...
Bank credit grew 16.2 per cent, year-on-year, to Rs 48.6 lakh crore, while deposits swelled 13.7 per cent to Rs 64.34lakh crore ...
Despite breaching the Rs 55 per dollar mark again on Thursday, the rupee remained strong due to dollar sale by foreign banks and ...
Research firm Nomura on Thursday said the couple of recent developments suggested country’s twin deficits — fiscal ...
Wholesale price inflation fell to an eight-month low of 7.45 per cent in October from 7.81 per cent in September but this is ...
In a first ever move by the finance ministry to seek life insurers’ view on taxation issues, it has invited suggestions ...
Public sector banks, which have lowered their provision coverage ratios in the last one year, would have seen their quarterly ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Thursday asked public sector banks to lower their deposit rates and pass on the benefit to ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram has asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to start working towards issuing the final guidelines ...
Research firm Nomura on Thursday said the couple of recent developments suggested country’s twin deficits — fiscal ...
In a first ever move by the finance ministry to seek life insurers’ view on taxation issues, it has invited suggestions ...
The Reserve Bank today asked banks to discontinue the practice of reporting attempted fraud cases involving Rs 1 crore or above ...
Bank credit grew by 16.21% year-on-year to Rs 48.59 lakh crore while deposit growth remaining sluggish to 13.74% to Rs 64.35 lakh ...
"The Bank's base rate now stands reduced to 10.75% from the earlier 11%," it said in a filing to the BSE.
As many as 28 out of 41 commercial banks operating in the state have failed to achieve the 18% lending target stipulated by the ...
The Finance Ministry will move a Cabinet note in 7-10 days to launch Credit Guarantee Scheme proposed in the Budget to ensure ...
The government will decide in the next few weeks how much additional capital will be injected into state-run banks after ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram has asked the RBI to start working on issuing final guidelines for granting licenses to new banks ...
Most state-run banks need an infusion of additional capital and a decision will be taken in the next few weeks, Finance Minister ...
Australia’s Westpac Bank opened its first branch in India today.
The branch is located in Mumbai and  will support ...
Amid a rise in non-performing assets, most public sector banks have seen a substantial drop in their provision coverage ratio in ...
Allahabad Bank has revised interest rates on term deposits of different maturities below Rs 5 crore, with effect from November ...
Though a majority of incubators in the country are located in non-metro regions, start-ups based in metros account for almost 80 ...
While many are still lamenting the failures of the Facebook's initial public offering, two of its most well-known ...
India Venture Advisors, the private equity arm of Piramal Enterprises Ltd, is set to raise a Rs 1,000-crore health care-focused ...
Amid a rise in non-performing assets, most public sector banks have seen a substantial drop in their provision coverage ratio in ...
Allahabad Bank has revised interest rates on term deposits of different maturities below Rs 5 crore, with effect from November ...
Though a majority of incubators in the country are located in non-metro regions, start-ups based in metros account for almost 80 ...
While many are still lamenting the failures of the Facebook's initial public offering, two of its most well-known ...
India Venture Advisors, the private equity arm of Piramal Enterprises Ltd, is set to raise a Rs 1,000-crore health care-focused ...
The market for bad loans is gaining momentum with public sector banks lining up at least Rs 2,000 crore of sale of non-performing ...
Amid rise in non-performing assets, most public sector banks have seen substantial drop in their provision coverage ratio in the ...
The rising spends on credit cards, increase in sale of third-party products and surge in consumer loan demand have allowed banks ...
The National Payments Corporation (NPCI) today said the banking system has reached a landmark of 1 lakh ATMs (automated teller ...
Rajiv B Lall, 55, managing director and chief executive officer of Infrastructure Development Finance Company talks unlike his ...
After a lull period of two years, Asset Reconstruction Company (India) Limited (ARCIL) is hopeful of acquiring significant ...
The European Central Bank has agreed to broaden the framework for allowing Greek banks to tap emergency loans from Greece’s ...
At a time when most banks are seeing stress in the corporate segment and are focusing on the retail front, Narendra Singh, ...
The bank had on Friday said gross slippages were Rs 8,495 crore.
After the revision, this has been pegged at Rs 7,111 crore, ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn’s fate hangs in the balance.
Soon, a search committee would meet ...
Today, banks borrowed Rs 1,06,470 crore under the Reserve Bank of India's Liquidity Adjustment Facility, compared with Rs 87,460 ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has expanded the definition of ‘infrastructure facility’ ...
Tata AIA Life Insurance Co Ltd (formerly Tata AIG Life Insurance) is seeing attrition at senior management levels.
According to ...
With many large public sector banks (PSBs) reporting a decline in net profit for the July-September quarter, mainly due to higher ...
American International Group is planning to sell its savings and loan business as soon as a federal panel labels the insurance ...
The European Central Bank has agreed to broaden the framework for allowing Greek banks to tap emergency loans from Greece’s ...
At a time when most banks are seeing stress in the corporate segment and are focusing on the retail front, Narendra Singh, ...
The bank had on Friday said gross slippages were Rs 8,495 crore.
After the revision, this has been pegged at Rs 7,111 crore, ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn’s fate hangs in the balance.
Soon, a search committee would meet ...
Today, banks borrowed Rs 1,06,470 crore under the Reserve Bank of India's Liquidity Adjustment Facility, compared with Rs 87,460 ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has expanded the definition of ‘infrastructure facility’ ...
Tata AIA Life Insurance Co Ltd (formerly Tata AIG Life Insurance) is seeing attrition at senior management levels.
According to ...
American International Group is planning to sell its savings and loan business as soon as a federal panel labels the insurance ...
State Bank of India – the country’s largest lender – today lowered its slippage figures downward by Rs 1,389 ...
Electronic transactions in the country in first nine months were reported at Rs 14,88,353 crore rising 53% over similar period ...
Development Credit Bank Ltd.
(DCB Bank) has announced that the Board of Directors has approved Preferential Issuance of Equity ...
Standard Chartered Bank has deepened its presence in Rajasthan by launching a full-service branch in Jodhpur.
A wide-ranging ...
Bihar government has revoked the ban imposed on private banks, so far as deposits of government money was concerned.
It has ...
HSBC India website sums up the bank’s business strategy quite well: “ It is all about delivering sophisticated ...
Non-performing assets of public sector banks rose to Rs 1,11,664 crore in 2012 from Rs 52,807 crore in 2003, data from the ...
Citigroup said it would pay $15.5 million to Vikram Pandit, its former chief executive who resigned from company last month, as ...
Citigroup said it would pay $15.5 million to Vikram Pandit, its former chief executive who resigned from company last month, as ...
The sluggish corporate debt markets may see some reforms soon, including easing of norms for investment by pension and provident ...
At a time when most banks are facing stress in the corporate segment and are turning their focus to  the retail segment, ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender Karnataka Bank on Saturday reduced its base rate by 25 basis points with effect from ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has reported 30 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended September to Rs 3,658 crore from Rs ...
United Kingdom prosecutors are poised to arrest former traders and rate setters at UBS AG, Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and ...
HSBC's legal troubles are growing.
The British tax authorities said Friday that they were looking into a list of HSBC clients ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said banks have failed to ensure the end-use of funds disbursed as crop loans and some borrowers ...
Corporation Bank on Friday reported a marginal increase in its net profit at Rs 405.71 crore for the second quarter, recording a ...
A restructuring package for Suzlon should be ready in about two months, said State Bank of India.
United Kingdom prosecutors are poised to arrest former traders and rate setters at UBS AG, Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and ...
HSBC's legal troubles are growing.
The British tax authorities said Friday that they were looking into a list of HSBC clients ...
A restructuring package for Suzlon should be ready in about two months, said State Bank of India.
The Reserve Bank today asked banks not to reject any educational loan application even if the residence of the borrower does not ...
Public sector United India Insurance is expected to cross the Rs 10,000-crore premium mark by the end of this financial year, a ...
Deven Sharma, the man who famously downgraded the US during his tenure as the chief of rating major Standard & Poor’s, ...
“The challenge before banks is to make the best use of technology and innovation to bring down intermediation costs while ...
Currently, the sector comprises a heterogeneous group of institutions, which caters to a wide range of financial requirements. ...
The European Central Bank held its main interest rate at 0.75 per cent on Thursday, deferring any cut in borrowing costs while it ...
Despite sluggish credit growth, most banks are cautious about growing their unsecured loan portfolio.
Concerned with rising non-performing assets (NPAs), banks have turned risk averse, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) observed in ...
More than half of the public sector banks (16 of 26) couldn’t achieve the 40 per cent priority sector lending (PSL) target ...
State-run banks accounted for nearly two-third of the customer complaints received during the last financial year, the Reserve ...
The incremental equity requirement due to enhanced Basel III capital ratios is expected to be Rs 75,000 crore-80,000 crore by ...
Ending speculation that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may issue final guidelines for fresh banking licences without the ...
Public sector United India Insurance is expected to cross the Rs 10,000-crore premium mark by the end of this financial year, a ...
Currently, the sector comprises a heterogeneous group of institutions, which caters to a wide range of financial requirements. ...
The European Central Bank held its main interest rate at 0.75 per cent on Thursday, deferring any cut in borrowing costs while it ...
The concerns of rising Non-Performing Assets (NPAs) has resulted in increase in the risk aversion of banks and this in turn ...
State-run banks accounted for nearly two-third of the customer complaints received during last financial year, the Reserve Bank ...
Federal Bank launched its IMPS-Merchant Payment Service, a real time funds transfer facility to merchants and enterprises through ...
The rising spends on credit cards, increase in sale of third-party products and surge in consumer loan demand have allowed banks ...
UCO Bank’s net profit for the quarter ended September 30 halved from a year ago to Rs 103 crore, as non-performing assets ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said banks should fix a lower limit for their IBL (inter-bank liability).
Enzen Global Solutions, the Bangalore-based consulting and services company working specifically in the energy and utilities ...
Enzen Global Solutions, the Bangalore-based consulting and services company working specifically in the energy and utilities ...
Banks need to transform their risk architecture and respond to the needs of their customers in a diagnostic and prescriptive ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri today indicated the country’s largest bank might cut interest rates ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) could ease monetary policy as early as January, Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said on Monday, as ...
The rupee is likely to see some strengthening and is expected to touch 51-levels against the US dollar by December, a report by ...
Reliance Capital has posted a 12-time increase in its net profit for the September quarter to Rs 401 crore, backed by a stake ...
Corporation Bank has said its loan exposure to the financially troubled Kingfisher Airlines was about Rs 160 crore and it was ...
Andhra Bank reported a marginal three per cent increase in net profit to Rs 325.63 crore for the second quarter compared with Rs ...
Canara Bank has reported a 22.4 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 661 crore for the second quarter, compared with Rs 852 crore ...
Central Bank of India has posted a 35.25 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 329.92 crore for the second quarter ended September, ...
“Banks’ consortium has done everything possible to make the company (Kingfisher) work.
Only, the company is not ...
Banks offering a higher rate on savings bank deposits have seen robust growth in the past year but the momentum might get slower ...
Dena Bank, posted 23.8 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 239.64 crore in the second quarter ended September on steady growth in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) could ease monetary policy as early as January, Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said on Monday, as ...
The rupee is likely to see some strengthening and is expected to touch 51-levels against the US dollar by December, a report by ...
Reliance Capital has posted a 12-time increase in its net profit for the September quarter to Rs 401 crore, backed by a stake ...
The Reserve Bank today asked non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) to replace post-dated cheques issued to them by customers ...
With slowdown in corporate credit demand, the State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) has cut the credit growth target to ...
Corporation Bank has said that its loan exposure to the financially troubled Kingfisher Airline was about Rs 160 crore and it is ...
Despite last week’s cut in banks’ cash reserve ratio (CRR), liquidity is expected to remain tight but might not ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, which is scheduled to announce its new class of partners next week, has 407 members of that elite group, ...
Standard & Poor’s misled investors by giving its highest credit grade to securities whose value plunged during the ...
HSBC Holdings on Monday said it had set aside a combined $1.1 billion connected to a continuing money-laundering investigation ...
Barclays is set to fight a potentially record $470 million (£293.26 million) penalty from US energy regulators by arguing ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s biggest taxpayer-owned lender, said it expected to pay a fine in the coming ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is examining whether banks’ recent purchases of low coupon corporate bonds have potentially ...
The government has on Monday appointed Vijayalakshmi Iyer as the chairperson and managing director of Mumbai-based Bank of India.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) Chairman D K Mehrotra on Monday said the company would buy stakes in public sector ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday permitted banks to become members of exchanges approved by the Securities and Exchange ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank on Monday reported a 39.38 per cent drop in net profit to Rs 123.37 crore for ...
Allahabad Bank on Monday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 halved to Rs 234 crore from Rs 488 crore a year ...
The bugle for the 10th bipartite banking sector wage agreement has been sounded, with five employee unions giving charters of ...
Despite last week’s cut in banks’ cash reserve ratio (CRR), liquidity is expected to remain tight but might not ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, which is scheduled to announce its new class of partners next week, has 407 members of that elite group, ...
Standard & Poor’s misled investors by giving its highest credit grade to securities whose value plunged during the ...
HSBC Holdings on Monday said it had set aside a combined $1.1 billion connected to a continuing money-laundering investigation ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank on Monday reported a 39.38 per cent drop in net profit to Rs 123.37 crore for ...
Allahabad Bank on Monday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 halved to Rs 234 crore from Rs 488 crore a year ...
The Reserve Bank today said it has revised the rating symbols of Fitch India post the rating agency's change of name to India ...
The RBI today said banks can become members of stock exchanges to undertake "proprietary transactions" in the corporate ...
In a growing sign of companies facing difficulties in meeting their financial obligations, the number of corporate debt ...
A few broking houses are recommending their clients to 'buy' shares of Punjab National Bank (PNB) despite the sharp decline in ...
Higher provisioning led to State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH)'s net profit for the quarter ended September falling 8.02 per cent to Rs ...
Banks’ corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell have over a year seen a nearly 50 per cent rise in aggregate debt sought to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s revised higher provisioning norms for restructured loans should not have much impact on ...
Royal Bank of Scotland said it may face fines in relation to how it set Libor and other interest rates and is keen to settle the ...
Strong recovery of bad loans, along with lower slippages, helped Union Bank of India to report a 57 per cent growth in net profit ...
The Japanese bank Nomura faces more legal problems.
On Friday, Nomura said it was likely involved in a new insider trading case, ...
The world’s too-big-to-fail list is out, and nearly a third of the banks on it are from the United States.
The Japanese bank Nomura faces more legal problems.
On Friday, Nomura said it was likely involved in a new insider trading case, ...
The world’s too-big-to-fail list is out, and nearly a third of the banks on it are from the United States.
Public sector Punjab National Bank is aiming to set up 24-hour multi function self service counters at its 500 branches by March ...
State-run Punjab National Bank, Xpress Money and UAE Exchange has launched a prepaid remittance card -- PNB Xpress Money Remit ...
Now, get 'cashback' for paying the monthly installment of your home loan.
The corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) saw a nearly 50% rise in aggregate debt, sought to be ...
Businesses in India recorded losses worth a whopping Rs 6,600 crore in the last financial year, with a significant portion of ...
US regulators proposed a record $469.9 million in penalties against Barclays Plc, and an additional $18 million on four of its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has modified the definition of sickness and a procedure for assessing the viability of sick micro ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will review the second-quarter (Q2) performance of state-owned banks on November 15.
His meeting ...
IDBI Bank’s plan to garner higher current account and savings account (Casa) deposits by waiving service charges has paid ...
State Bank of India (SBI) had ruled out any cut in its lending rates due to steep rise in provisioning for restructured standard ...
Tight liquidity conditions may continue to be tight for some more time, despite the cut in cash reserve ratio (CRR) comes into ...
Businesses in India recorded losses worth a whopping Rs 6,600 crore in the last financial year, with a significant portion of ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has ruled out any cut in its lending rates due to steep hike in the provisioning for restructured ...
Bank is expecting to sell about 500 kilogram of gold products in 2012-13 fiscal, a senior official said today.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has modified the definition of sickness and a procedure for assessing the viability of sick Micro ...
In one of the high-profile movements in the Indian private equity (PE) sector, Arun Korati, CEO of Axis Private Equity Limited, a ...
Recently, when a start-up that had already notched revenue of Rs 10 crore approached Chennai Angels for funding, the investors ...
After a gap of two years, private equity (PE) investors are again stacking investments in the microfinance sector.
This time, it ...
Broking and custodial services outfit Stock Holding Corporation of India Ltd (SHCIL) is to merge with IDBI Bank, giving 227 ...
The gap between credit and deposit growth widened for the fortnight ended October 19, shows the latest data from the Reserve Bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering a cut in the held-to-maturity (HTM) ceiling for banks.
Although the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) expects inflation be reined in by the fourth quarter, it is conscious of the ...
In one of the high-profile movements in the Indian private equity (PE) sector, Arun Korati, CEO of Axis Private Equity Limited, a ...
Recently, when a start-up that had already notched revenue of Rs 10 crore approached Chennai Angels for funding, the investors ...
After a gap of two years, private equity (PE) investors are again stacking investments in the microfinance sector.
This time, it ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, today said it has made three senior level appointments in its ...
Muthoot Finance is looking at diluting five per cent stake to achieve the requirement of minimum public shareholding of 25 per ...
The Reserve Bank will conduct open market operations (OMOs) or reduce cash reserve ratio (CRR) depending on the liquidity deficit ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today left the key policy rate unchanged  at 8%, defying pressure from the finance ministry ...
Economists and analysts today described the RBI decision to leave the policy rates unchanged as "prudent" and opined ...
Within hours of RBI slashing the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) by 0.25%, State Bank (SBI) today hinted at a likely reduction in ...
SBI Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri today once again expressed his open disagreement with the RBI on CRR saying it is a ...
Leaving the policy repo rate unchanged at 8.00 percent was in line with forecasts in a Reuters poll.
The RBI left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks and indicated it may ease monetary policy further ...
Bankers today ruled out any immediate reduction in lending rates, saying any step in that direction will be determined by the ...
The Reserve Bank of India left interest rates unchanged in its policy review today but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks and ...
"In a sequence with the substantive measures announced by the Government since mid September, it was widely expected that to ...
"The constellation of economic and financial indicators at the Second Quarter Review of Monetary Policy point to persisting ...
Concerned over the circulation of counterfeit currency, the RBI today said it will review the status of implementation of ...
"The RBI’s Second Quarter Review of Monetary Policy, 2012-13 reiterates its view that price stability is the ...
Ajay Srinivasan, CEO, Aditya Birla Financial Services says about the RBI policy that, "No doubt, India’s central bank ...
The Reserve Bank today announced a slew of measures, including a simplification of the stringent KYC (know-your-customer) norms, ...
As requests for loan recasts hit all-time high and are set to top Rs 3.25 lakh crore this fiscal, RBI today raised the ...
Here's a brief overview of RBI's half-yearly monetary policy that was announced today.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept the key policy rate – the repo rate - unchanged at 8%, but reduced the cash reserve ...
RBI Governor D Subbarao today said its monetary stance is aimed at reinforcing the government's policy actions that will have a ...
Showing concerns over hardening inflation, the Reserve Bank today left the key interest rate unchanged but reduced cash reserve ...
Central Bank of India is eyeing total business of Rs 10,000 crore from home loan segment this year.
The bank has been ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) faces growing pressure to cut interest rates later on Tuesday for the first time since April ...
The measures announced by the government lack implementation details and might not be enough to contain the fiscal deficit at 5.3 ...
India Inc’s capacity utilisation hit a three-year low in the first three months of this financial year due to slow growth ...
Bank of India has posted a drop of 38.5 per cent in net profit to Rs 301.1 crore for the quarter ended September, owing to a ...
Chennai-based public sector lender Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), which has exposure of Rs 120 crore to cash-strapped Kingfisher ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said though policy reforms had boosted the secondary market, more steps were required ...
The deceleration in credit growth at the end of September is sharper for public sector banks (PSBs) compared to those in the ...
India Inc’s capacity utilisation hit a three-year low in the first three months of this financial year due to slow growth ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said though policy reforms had boosted the secondary market, more steps were required ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today cut its credit growth target for the fiscal to around 16-18% from 22% due to the slowdown in ...
The economic indicators might not give reason for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut rates in its second quarter review of ...
Ahead of the Reserve Bank's monetary policy review on Tuesday, bankers today said the central bank should focus more on growth as ...
Students getting admission in top educational institutions, such as the IIMs, may soon get education loans at lower rates.
The ...
Swiss bank UBS AG is expected to cut up to 10,000 jobs, or 16 per cent of its workforce, as it contends with shrinking revenue ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender Corporation Bank is awaiting regulatory approvals to upgrade its overseas representative ...
Seeking to aggressively expand business in the retail segment, Corporation Bank today said it aims at providing Rs 7,000 crore ...
Chairman and managing director, M Narendra, said: “The bank had to restructure some big accounts, which affected the ...
Infrastucture lender IDFC posted a nine per cent drop in net profit at Rs 380 crore, on a consolidated basis, due to a fall in ...
Punjab and Sind Bank on Friday said its net profit for the July-September period fell 20.8 per cent to Rs 117.07 crore against Rs ...
State-run United Bank of India on Friday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 increased 16 per cent to Rs 144.6 ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Friday posted 11.57 decline in its net profit at Rs 1,066 crore for the quarter ended September, ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, breezed past Street estimates with better-than-expected earnings, ...
Vikram Pandit’s last day at Citigroup swung from celebratory to devastating in a matter of minutes.
Having fielded ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) plans to merge two regional rural banks (RRBs) belonging to Bank of India and UCO Bank with its own ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) to merge two of regional rural banks (RRBs) belonging to Bank of India and UCO Banks with IOB's ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender Corporation Bank plans to shed bulk deposits worth around Rs 8000 crore by March 2013.
Its ...
Rating agency CRISIL has downgraded the rating on long-term facilities of IDF Financial Services, a Bangalore-based finance ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) on Thursday reported an 80 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 302 crore for the second ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank reported a 16 per rise in its consolidated net profit to Rs 502 crore for the second quarter (July-September) ...
Faced with higher defaults, banks have become more cautious on non-investment-grade corporate loans.
They have started pushing ...
Rating agency CRISIL has downgraded the rating on long-term facilities of IDF Financial Services, a Bangalore-based finance ...
A majority of India Inc have little expectations from RBI's second quarter monetary policy review on October 30 given the ...
The finance ministry has asked large public sector banks (PSBs) to hand-hold smaller counterparts to improve the latter’s ...
Private equity players seem to be finding hospitals as healthy investments and health-care providers have been cashing in on the ...
The Indian logistics sector is turning out to be a hot destination for private equity investors, with the government allowing ...
Private equity (PE) investments in small-ticket deals are on the rise.
Experts say funds prefer deals below $15 million (Rs 80 ...
Mumbai Angels, one of India’s first angel investing clubs, is on its way to launching a maiden sidecar fund of about $20 ...
In March 2008, the Justice Department made an extraordinary request: It asked a judge for permission to record secretly the phone ...
Banks are again pushing credit card sales and their unsecured loans portfolio by targeting customers without an existing ...
Private equity players seem to be finding hospitals as healthy investments and health-care providers have been cashing in on the ...
The Indian logistics sector is turning out to be a hot destination for private equity investors, with the government allowing ...
Private equity (PE) investments in small-ticket deals are on the rise.
Experts say funds prefer deals below $15 million (Rs 80 ...
Mumbai Angels, one of India’s first angel investing clubs, is on its way to launching a maiden sidecar fund of about $20 ...
In March 2008, the Justice Department made an extraordinary request: It asked a judge for permission to record secretly the phone ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender Corporation Bank on Wednesday launched a festival loan bonanza for SMEs with retrospective ...
Bank of Maharashtra posted a 65.3 per cent rise in net profit, at Rs 166 crore, in the second quarter ended September, on better ...
The decision to raise the interest rate on savings deposit in October 2011 has benefited YES Bank in garnering a significant ...
This is a 30.2 per cent jump compared with the same period a year ago, on the back of impressive growth in net interest income ...
Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation, a private bank in the Philippines, has implemented finacle core banking solution from ...
Royal Bank of Canada, the nation’s largest lender, agreed to buy Ally Financial Inc’s Canadian auto-finance and ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday asked banks and financial institutions not to hesitate in giving loans to the poor, ...
LIC Housing Finance, the country’s second largest in the segment, has planned to raise Rs 1,150 crore through a Qualified ...
Government-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the country’s largest institutional investor, says it’s not into ...
LIC Housing Finance, the country’s second largest in the segment, has planned to raise Rs 1,150 crore through a Qualified ...
Government-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the country’s largest institutional investor, says it’s not into ...
Yes Bank is likely to go for an acquisition in its securities broking business.
Last month the bank received the Reserve Bank of ...
These bank notes will bear the rupee symbol on the observe and the reverse with inset letter E in both the numbering panels, ...
Mid-sized private lender Yes Bank has received board approval to foray into the mutual funds business, Chief Executive Officer ...
L&T Finance Holdings Limited on Monday announced 100 per cent acquisition of FamilyCredit Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of ...
A substantial reduction in high-cost deposits and an improved yield on credit extended to the retail and medium and small-scale ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) posted an 11.6 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 1,301 crore for the July-September quarter, on the back of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is working on a way to include liquidity held by banks under the current mandate to get ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), the country’s largest housing finance company, posted a 19 per cent rise in ...
L&T Finance Holdings Limited on Monday announced 100 per cent acquisition of FamilyCredit Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is working on a way to include liquidity held by banks under the current mandate to get ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to keep the key interest rate unchanged in its October 30 monetary policy because of inflationary ...
RBI Deputy Governor Anand Sinha today said the central bank is looking at a move under which a part of banks' statutory liquidity ...
UBS is to cut 3,000-5,000 jobs as part of cost-saving measures to offset falling profit, while rival Swiss bank Credit Suisse may ...
The country is likely to see addition of over 1 lakh ATMs in the next four years with banks expanding their rural and semi-urban ...
The memos submitted by the government and defence lawyers for the former Goldman Sachs director Rajat K Gupta present sharply ...
Kochi-based private sector lender Federal Bank recorded a net profit of Rs 215.10 crore for the quarter ended September, a rise ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank on Saturday reported a rise of about six per cent in net profit for the quarter ended September ...
Kochi-based private sector lender Federal Bank recorded a net profit of Rs 215.10 crore for the quarter ended September, a rise ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank on Saturday reported a rise of about six per cent in net profit for the quarter ended September ...
State-run Corporation Bank is targetting to disburse Rs 5,000 crore loans nationally this year to the SME sector.
The South Indian Bank recorded a net profit of Rs 220.18 crore for the second quarter against Rs 177.44 crore for the ...
Total income rose 49 per cent to Rs 737 crore during the same period.
ING Vysya Bank has reported a 30 per cent rise in profit at Rs 150.2 crore for the second quarter against Rs 115.4 crore in the ...
Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Friday said interest on farm loans would will be directly credited to banks by the state ...
Non-banking financial company L&T Finance Holdings reported a net profit of Rs 144 crore for the quarter ended September, a ...
Ending months of uncertainty, the plan to restructure loans to Deccan Chronicle Holdings is off the table, as the leading lender ...
Non-banking financial company L&T Finance Holdings reported a net profit of Rs 144 crore for the quarter ended September, a ...
The current economic scenario provides little room to the Reserve Bank for lowering policy rates, says a report by Morgan
Dena Bank, under its festive offer, has waived process fee by 100% for housing loans and car loans and 50% for personal loans and ...
Private sector lender, Axis Bank Limited has informed that the Gujarat High Court has approved the scheme of arrangement among ...
The country’s largest bank, the State Bank of India (SBI), is eyeing aggressive targets as it looks at doubling its home ...
India’s securitisation market is adjusting well to the revised securitisation guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of ...
Magma Fincorp, a Kolkata-based asset finance company, on Thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 this ...
A Goldman Sachs report on Thursday suggested setting a formal “inflation target” by the government for anchoring ...
The low penetration of general insurance companies is a major concern, said M Ramaprasad, member, Insurance Regulatory and ...
The Election Commission of India (ECI) is casting its net wider to keep a tab on poll expenses and suspicious transactions during ...
Liquidity deficit in the banking system is at a four-month high, owing to the outflow of funds from banks due to the festive ...
India’s securitisation market is adjusting well to the revised securitisation guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of ...
Magma Fincorp, a Kolkata-based asset finance company, on Thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 this ...
A Goldman Sachs report on Thursday suggested setting a formal “inflation target” by the government for anchoring ...
The low penetration of general insurance companies is a major concern, said M Ramaprasad, member, Insurance Regulatory and ...
The liquidity deficit in the system is almost near to four months high due to outflow of funds from banks due to the festive ...
Corporation bank chairman and Managing Director Ajai Kumar on Thursday denied that the bank gave any overdraft facility to Sky ...
The Reserve Bank should cut interest rate in its forthcoming monetary policy review to check India's growth from slipping below ...
Earnings of large companies are going to come under the scanner this season.
Over the last few quarters, banks have seen a sharp ...
LIC Housing Finance has been seeing a decline in its net interest margins over the past five quarters due to a decline in its ...
India's largest bank State Bank of India (SBI) has opened two more branches in South Africa, one in Chatsworth and the other in ...
Interest rates on education loans may soon go down and students seeking such loans will not be turned away by banks for lack of ...
Bank credit growth picked up for the fortnight ended October 5, growing by Rs 42,895 crore to Rs 48,09,384 crore, said the ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Wednesday brought out a proposal to include paint material in the ...
The norms for external commercial borrowings (ECBs) by housing finance companies (HFCs) are expected to get some leeway from the ...
Liquidity deficit in the banking system is at a three-and-a-half-month high, owing to festive season demand from banks and weekly ...
Heeding the demand of bankers, the Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday revised priority sector lending norms.
Loans up to Rs 2 ...
The norms were issued earlier this year.
Bangalore-based Dynamatic Technologies, which designs and builds highly engineered products for aerospace and automotive sectors, ...
Even as India-focused private equity (PE) firms are struggling to raise funds, a slew of venture capital (VC) fund managers are ...
Vikram Pandit, who stepped down on Wednesday as Citigroup Inc’s chief executive officer, said he doesn’t regret any ...
Indian banker and environmental economist Pavan Sukhdev is the latest goodwill ambassador for the United Nations Environment ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Wednesday brought out a proposal to include paint material in the ...
Heeding the demand of bankers, the Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday revised priority sector lending norms.
Loans up to Rs 2 ...
The norms for External Commercial Borrowings (ECBs) by housing finance companies (HFCs) are expected to get some leeway from the ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender Karnataka Bank has registered 2.85 times increase in net profit at Rs 117.19 crore for the ...
With the advent of the festival season bank credit growth has picked up and this is evident from the fact that for the fortnight ...
IndusInd Bank has picked three banks including Morgan Stanley and Asia-Pacific brokerage CLSA for a sale of shares that could ...
National Australia Bank (NAB) has announced the appointment of Spiro Pappas as chief executive officer, Asia, responsible for ...
With the advent of the festival season liquidity has tightened again.
Banks borrowed Rs 86,260 crore under the repo auction of ...
For home loans of up to Rs 25 lakh, the processing fee is 0.12 per cent per cent of the loan amount, subject to a minimum of Rs ...
Banks have reduced their borrowings by way of Certificate of Deposits (CDs) after the finance ministry issued norms that required ...
Banks have been focusing on retail lending during the last couple of quarters, given the lack of demand for corporate loans.
At a time when banks are struggling to find buyers for the loans, farmers in Chhattisgarh have defiant the practice reportedly ...
"Would I have done Bear Stearns again knowing what I know today?"Jamie Dimon asked almost rhetorically last week at the ...
Axis Bank plans to increase the share of its retail lending from the present 26 per cent of the total loan book to 30 per cent by ...
Citigroup Inc directors ousted Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit after concluding that he had mismanaged operations, leading ...
Axis Bank, India’s third-largest private sector lender, says it has classified its loans to Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd ...
With the losses of general insurance companies mounting due to the obligatory third-party insurance on motor vehicles, the ...
When Michael L Corbat was an all-conference lineman on the Harvard football team 30 years ago, he seemed better positioned for ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn said even though monetary policy has a limited role in controlling ...
Lenders to the debt-laden wind energy company, Suzlon Energy Ltd, have begun examining the option of taking the company to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is working with the government to set aside funds for buying illiquid gilts from the market. ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Vikram Pandit resigned abruptly on Tuesday, effective immediately, a shock change at the top of the ...
Foreign fund houses -- CLSA (Mauritius) and Credit Suisse (Singapore)-- today sold Yes Bank shares worth Rs 429 crore through the ...
Customers of IDBI Bank can now search for the nearest branch or ATM on Google Maps using an application the bank's website. ...
If you have a good credit score from a credit bureau, it is not necessary that you may get a loan at a lower rate.
But you could ...
Citing a study by the Basel Committee, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Anand Sinha said that the growth in gross ...
It was time foreign-headquartered banks in India did far more for the agriculture and small and medium enterprises (SME) sectors, ...
Canara Bank, which has been asked by the finance ministry to conduct forensic audit of the accounts of Hyderabad-based Deccan ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank posted net profits of Rs 1,124 crore for the second quarter (July-September). This is a 22 per ...
The American Civil Liberties Union is accusing Morgan Stanley of fueling the production of risky, expensive loans that targeted ...
Truck finance company Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC) plans to enter the gold loan business from November.
But the ...
With inflation remaining high in September, it will be difficult for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to reduce the key policy ...
Citigroup Inc said quarterly profit plunged on a $4.7 billion write-down of its stake in a brokerage operated by Morgan Stanley, ...
Royal Bank of Scotland has suspended a senior rates trader as part of an internal probe into the setting of Libor and other ...
Truck finance company Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC) plans to enter the gold loan business from November.
But the ...
With inflation remaining high in September, it will be difficult for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to reduce the key policy ...
Private sector ICICI Bank has entered into a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Ecobank Transnational Incorporated (Africa) ...
ICICI Bank has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Ecobank Transnational Incorporated of Africa.
The lifting of the ceiling on loans against non-resident deposits is a substantial move and may have been prompted by the easing ...
Leading financial research and securities player Nomura India will come up with a dedicated index aimed at capturing the extent ...
Gilt yields are expected to move in a narrow range this week, but traders are awaiting the numbers for wholesale price index ...
Currency exchange analysts seem to be finally expressing comfort at the rupee’s value.
Leading financial research and securities player Nomura India will come up with a dedicated index aimed at capturing the extent ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Sunday it was far from clear that the US central bank’s highly stimulative ...
Shareholding of overseas institutional investors in HDFC has risen to 68.72% -- the highest level in five-and-a-half years -- ...
State Bank of India (SBI) deputy managing director S B Nayar today said despite a slowdown in credit offtake, the bank expected ...
Oil marketing companies Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) and Bharat petroleum (BPCL) on Saturday swung into action with an appeal to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it expects a loan growth of 16-18% in the current fiscal despite a general slowdown in ...
Wells Fargo & Co, the most valuable US bank and largest mortgage lender, said third-quarter profit increased 22 per cent as ...
Credit (loans) growth slowed in the first half of the financial year while deposits swelled, widening the gap between growth in ...
BPO firm Firstsource Solutions is in talks with Foreign Currency Convertible Bond (FCCB) investors to issue new bonds.
CRISIL has ...
HDFC Bank, the country’s second largest private sector lender, on Friday reported its 52nd consecutive quarter of over 30 ...
Wells Fargo & Co, the most valuable US bank and largest mortgage lender, said third-quarter profit increased 22 per cent as ...
BPO firm Firstsource Solutions is in talks with Foreign Currency Convertible Bond (FCCB) investors to issue new bonds.
CRISIL has ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co posted record quarterly profits on Friday, up 34 per cent from a year earlier, as low interest rates and ...
Credit growth slowed in the first half of current financial year leading to widening of gap between growth in bank deposits and ...
The Reserve Bank will soon issue Rs 50 denomination banknotes incorporating rupee symbol with improved security features.
In August, Indian companies raised $2.36 billion through external commercial borrowing (ECB) and foreign currency convertible ...
Seven out of 10 users change their mind about financial products and brands after they research about the products on the ...
The insurance sector has two new entrants.
Religare Health Insurance has begun as a standalone health insurance player, while ...
The rating exercise was based on the bank’s performance in 2011-12 and the first quarter of the current financial year.
The non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks are set to rise.
The curious dealings of Robert Vadra have become even more curious, with a bank mentioned in the balance sheet of one of his ...
In August, Indian companies raised $2.36 billion through external commercial borrowing (ECB) and foreign currency convertible ...
Seven out of 10 users change their mind about financial products and brands after they research about the products on the ...
The insurance sector has two new entrants.
Religare Health Insurance has begun as a standalone health insurance player, while ...
The curious dealings of Robert Vadra have become even more curious, with a bank mentioned in the balance sheet of one of his ...
ICICI Bank  has cut its floating rate on home loans by up to 100 basis points until December end, the country's second-largest ...
A day after S&P downgraded its credit rating over asset quality concern, State Bank of India (SBI) today said it is hopeful ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, is the latest to pare its home loan rates as part of its festive ...
“We have launched launched a special festival campaign for housing and vehicle loan borrowers with concessional rate of ...
“We are studying the RBI order and will take necessary remedial measures expeditiously,” the bank said in a statement ...
Though the roads and power portfolios have disappointed private equity (PE) investors, other essential public utilities such as ...
Private equity major Carlyle’s complete exit from leading mortgage lender HDFC has given a strong signal to PE investors in ...
As chief executive of Cafe Coffee Day, Naresh Malhotra oversaw the expansion of the chain during its formative years and was a ...
Infrastructure companies might now get foreign currency loans at about half the prevailing market prices, with the UK arm of ...
Standard & Poor’s on Wednesday lowered the standalone credit profile of two state-owned lenders, the State Bank of ...
IndusInd Bank on Wednesday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 rose 30 per cent from a year ago to Rs 250 ...
Five years after it offered a generous overdraft facility to Robert Vadra’s Sky Light Hospitality, Corporation Bank has ...
Though the roads and power portfolios have disappointed private equity (PE) investors, other essential public utilities such as ...
Private equity major Carlyle’s complete exit from leading mortgage lender HDFC has given a strong signal to PE investors in ...
As chief executive of Cafe Coffee Day, Naresh Malhotra oversaw the expansion of the chain during its formative years and was a ...
Five years after it offered a generous overdraft facility to Robert Vadra’s Sky Light Hospitality, Corporation Bank has ...
Relaxing norms for foreign-owned NBFCs to open subsidiaries, the RBI today said such entities can now set up arms even if the ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender Karnataka Bank has engaged management consultancy firm KPMG for its Business Process ...
Standard & Poor's today lowered the stand-alone credit profile of two government-owned lenders- the State Bank of India and ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank is aiming at mobilising Rs 7,000 crore deposits under V-Vaibhav, a one-year term ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) Ratings Services has affirmed its negative rating on seven public sector ...
Tata AIG General Insurance today announced a strategic agreement with Axis Bank to act as its corporate agent for general ...
Infrastructure companies may now get foreign currency loans at about half of the prevailing market prices with the UK arm of ...
With an aim of increasing its retail loan portfolio, the Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank has introduced a new ...
The insurance regulator has come put with a revised set of draft regulations on bancassurance tie-ups. Bancassurance refers to ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has made an attempt to lure insurance companies to invest in infrastructure ...
The India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) is planning to have a subsidiary in Singapore to raise resources from the ...
Be prepared to shell out a little more on your insurance premiums and receive less value if you decide to exit your policy before ...
The country’s largest private lender, ICICI Bank, and Bangalore-based ING Vysya Bank were penalised by the Reserve Bank of ...
Health insurers in India may not be feeling quite well after the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) proposed a ...
In a bid to increase attractiveness of Unit linked products, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has proposed ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has identified 18 products categories for standardisation.
Product ...
The International Monetary Fund is cutting its global economic forecasts yet again, calling the risks of a slowdown ...
The surge in education loans offered by state-run banks in the last decade is coming back to haunt the lenders.
Some public ...
The India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) is planning to have a subsidiary in Singapore to raise resources from the ...
Be prepared to shell out a little more on your insurance premiums and receive less value if you decide to exit your policy before ...
Health insurers in India may not be feeling quite well after the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) proposed a ...
In a bid to increase attractiveness of Unit linked products, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has proposed ...
The Euro zone economy faces a long, uphill road to recovery and the bloc is still suffering from a crisis of confidence, European ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has identified 18 products categories for standardisation.
Product ...
State-run lender, Syndicate Bank today raised $500 million via sale of dollar-denominated bonds at coupon rate of 4.125 per cent.
Country’s largest private lender ICICI Bank and Bangalore based ING Vysya Bank were penalised by the Reserve Bank of India ...
S Visvanathan has been appointed as the Managing Director of State Bank of India.
State Bank of India today said it is witnessing early signs of revival in credit growth as mid-corporates have started seeking ...
Debit cards continue to gain market share from credit cards, and the use of electronic and mobile payments continues to show ...
Deutsche Bank India has cut the interest rate on domestic term deposits by 10-125 basis points across different maturities.
The Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke will meet the RBI governor Duvvuri Subbarao on October 10th at the RBI head quarters to ...
Moody’s Investors Service has assigned a Baa2 rating to Syndicate Bank’s proposed issuance of long-term senior ...
The surge in education loans offered by state-run banks in the last decade is coming back to haunt the lenders.
Some of the ...
Now, you can transfer money across India without a bank account.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has raised Rs 2,400 crore savings deposits through a two-month special savings fund campaign, which ...
ING Vysya Bank on Monday announced a top-level change in its retail banking division.
The retail division
will now be structured ...
The developing economies of East Asia will grow less rapidly this year than previously expected, the World Bank said on Monday, ...
The finance ministry is exploring options to speed up the process of issuing new bank licences, though the Banking Laws ...
British lender Barclays is set to rejig its top management in India.
The move will see Jaideep Khanna become the country head and ...
While bankers have demanded the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cut its cash reserve ratio (CRR) specification, economists are ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty on Monday said loans to Kingfisher Airlines did not pose a systemic risk to ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Monday approved the transfer of shares from existing shareholders of ...
Banks’ performance in the July-September is expected to be a mixed bag.
Public sector banks might report a subdued growth ...
The finance ministry is exploring options to speed up the process of issuing new bank licenses while the Banking Laws (Amendment) ...
Fitch Ratings today said that majority of Indian banks appear resilient to the mounting asset quality pressure and have ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, today said it has opened its first representative office in ...
Now, get gifts for depositing money in your savings account.
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, ...
European diplomats discussing the possibility of a separate Budget to improve monetary union in the Euro zone are considering a ...
Wall Street’s smallest watchdog is starting to show its fangs.
Even as the Centre and the Reserve Bank of India say a cut in the subsidy bill is important in reducing inflation and the fiscal ...
The rupee’s rise is expected to boost the second quarter results of companies with large amounts of foreign debt, as they ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are slowing their fund-raising plans in the second half of the financial year, generally ...
The finance ministry’s proposal to allow insurance companies to invest in AA-rated securities will broaden investment ...
The finance ministry’s proposal to allow insurance companies to invest in AA-rated securities will broaden investment ...
Banks seem to be taking away all the cream when it comes to earning commissions from sale of mutual funds, as there are as many ...
State-run Corporation Bank is targeting to increase its net interest margin (NIM) up to 2.60% by the December quarter given the ...
Leading private sector lender HDFC Bank will double the fees charged on cash payments made towards credit card bills to Rs 100 ...
As part of its reforms process, the government on Thursday announced many amendments to the Companies Bill, which post ...
Consolidation seems to be the way forward for the embattled Indian microfinance industry.
With the Cabinet clearing the proposal of 49 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI), the next logical step should have been ...
The rise in the cap on foreign direct investment in the insurance sector is just one aspect of the Insurance Laws (Amendment) ...
The days when Wall Street banks could blithely hand out half their revenue in compensation to their staff without a murmur from ...
The government has cleared promotion of three general managers in public sector banks as executive directors in other state-run ...
Foreign tourist arrival growth slowed to 3.2 per cent this September, compared to the 8.7 per cent witnessed in the corresponding ...
Toilets in Indian Railways coaches will soon witness a makeover.
The idea is for the conventional open lavatories to be replaced ...
The increase in the foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in the insurance sector might attract Rs 30,000 crore that the industry ...
Ahead of the festive season, the high cost of funds and sluggish credit growth have prompted public sector banks to consider ...
“The downgrades reflect the deterioration in Tata Power’s credit quality as a result of the impact of weak coal ...
The mandatory reference of mergers and acquisitions (M&As) in the financial sector to the Competition Commission of India ...
Most bankers want further cuts in the cash reserve ratio (CRR). This was revealed when the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) took a ...
State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday ruled out any further lending to Kingfisher Airlines.
“The company does not have any ...
The message to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is loud and clear from the corridors of North Block — frame the final ...
Andhra Bank today appointed Satish Kumar Kalra as the executive director of the bank.
Prior to this, Kalra held the position of a ...
Banks are expected to report
25% growth in net profit in the second quarter according to an IDFC Securities report.
The net non-performing assets (NPAs) of Indian banks may surge by 27% to Rs 2,00,000 crore by end of the current fiscal, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is to issue a position paper on educational loans.
The effort would be to push the education loan ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said the government’s final data on the fiscal deficit for this financial year ...
On Tuesday last week, State Bank of India (SBI) reduced its base rate (BR) by 25 basis points (bps) to 9.75 per cent, becoming ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is in correspondence with the government to look into ways to bring in new rules to accommodate ...
Credit Information Bureau (India) Ltd and TransUnion on Thursday announced the launch of the latest version of the credit score ...
Stocks rose for a fourth session on Thursday following encouraging comments by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi on ...
The president of the European Central Bank gave a guardedly upbeat assessment of the situation in the Euro zone Thursday, saying ...
There is some good news for employees of the ailing Kingfisher Airlines.
Lenders have decided to release money from bank accounts ...
Mumbai based public sector lender Central Bank of India will add 1,750 Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) to its network by the end ...
Brent crude oil rose almost $2 per barrel on Thursday after skirmishes along the Turkey-Syria border raised fresh concerns over ...
Bringing inflation further down will weigh on the Reserve Bank when it comes out with its next credit policy review on October ...
The comfortable liquidity prevailing in the system is expected to continue in the near term.
However, in the near-term liquidity ...
The government today relaxed norms for the setting up of subsidiaries by foreign-owned Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs).
Prime Minister’s Economic Advisory Council Chairman C Rangarajan on Wednesday said he expected the rupee to stay at current ...
To attract big ticket investment in the beleaguered infrastructure sector, a high-level committee headed by HDFC chairman Deepak ...
With the situation at the ailing Kingfisher Airlines Ltd turning grave, lenders to the Vijay Mallya-controlled carrier have ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data released on Wednesday showed that deposit growth in banks continued to be more impressive ...
Shubhalakshmi Panse took charge as chairman and managing director of state run Allahabad Bank replacing J P Dua who had retired ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Wednesday said it would soon come up with norms to prevent arbitrary ...
Several large public sector banks may see their profits in the quarter ended September being eroded, with the Reserve Bank of ...
Towards this, it has acquired Deccan Career Point, a city-based bank exam coaching outfit, and has launched 'Bankers Choice', a ...
Activity in Europe fell to $61.4 billion, a 30.7 per cent drop from the $88.6 billion announced in 2011.
Asia-Pacific (excluding ...
West Bengal-based Bandhan is planning to raise up to Rs 100 crore as non convertible debentures (NCD) by the end of this ...
The country’s largest microfinance institution, West Bengal-based Bandhan, is planning to enter the retail business, under ...
Manipal Global, the Rs 1,000-crore higher education services provider from the Manipal group, is closing in on a deal to provide ...
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund has tied up with Syndicate Bank for distribution of its mutual fund products.
Global rating agency Standard & Poor’s on Wednesday assigned BBB- rating for the proposed issue of Indian Railway ...
The Reserve Bank aims to develop a more efficient and integrated payment system in the country.
Deposit growth in banking system continued to be more impressive than credit growth in the current financial year.
This is ...
After most public sector banks which are offering home loans at base rates, today private sector Federal Bank also announced its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to intervene at around Rs 52 per dollar levels in order to smoothen the currency's ...
The government has appointed Tilak Raj Bajalia as deputy managing director of Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI).
India's June quarter current account deficit is still outside the comfort zone, Reserve Bank of India's deputy governor Subir ...
Exporters are no longer concerned about the appreciating rupee, as their treasuries are actively hedging receivables; extreme ...
Banks in the European Union must split their most risky activities into legally separate units to safeguard the financial system ...
It is a $1-trillion game: use it
or lose it.
The private equity world is sitting on that 13-figure sum.
It’s what the ...
Shubhalaxmi Panse is the new chairperson and managing director of Allahabad Bank, following the government orders on her ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM), a subsidiary of SBI has decided to reduce lending rate by 0.25% effective tomorrow.
Ahead of the festive season, a sluggish credit growth, coupled with high cost of funds, has prompted public sector banks  to ...
YES Bank, the fourth largest private sector lender, in the country plans to develop co-operative tourism in rural Bengal that ...
The second phase of amalgamation of regional rural banks (RRB) is expecting to begin this month, with at least ten state level ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today announced a revival package for the life insurance sector.
The steps include easing ...
Oil-rich Iran’s currency crashed nine per cent to a record low of 32,500 rials against the dollar in early trade on Monday. ...
Crédit Agricole, the big French bank, said Monday it had begun exclusive talks to sell its Greek unit, Emporiki, to Alpha ...
“We expect that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the ...
Markets have begun to sound bugle for turnaround in economic sentiment but there is no let up in number of companies knocking ...
The US and European Union may fail to fully implement bank-capital rules drawn up to prevent a repeat of the financial crisis ...
The banking system’s non-performing assets (NPAs) in 2011-12 were the highest in the last five years, according to Reserve ...
“Not immediately,” Santosh Nayar, deputy managing director of State Bank of India, told Business Standard.
In an ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda)’s exposure draft on a standard insurance product for the rural ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might ask banks to improve monetary transmission by cutting lending rates in response to the ...
Non-performing assets (NPAs) in the banking system were highest in last five years, according to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Public sector lenders, Punjab National Bank (PNB), Union Bank of India (UBI) and Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) revised their ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank plans to raise around Rs 200 crore to strengthen its capital base.
The board of directors of the bank at meeting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended the government extend the tenure of one of its deputy governors, Anand Sinha, by ...
The corridors of power may have already started talking about green shoots of recovery following the recent mini-reforms but the ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has given more importance to rural banking in Jharkhand.
It has spread its banking business through a ...
Bangalore-based network security professional Ashish Rao started using mobile banking earlier this year, and he has largely ...
State Bank of India (SBI) expects loan offtake by the industry, especially small and medium enterprises (SMEs), to increase on ...
Spain plans to borrow euro 207.2 billion ($267 billion) next year, the Budget Ministry said on Saturday.
Spain’s banks have a capital deficit of euro 59.3 billion ($76.3 billion), less than previously estimated, according to a ...
Sometimes modern finance has a great need
for something, and so bankers invent products that appear to fill that need.
When it ...
So much for complacency.
Just a few days ago, the conventional wisdom was that Europe finally had things under control.
The ...
The controversy over the relevance of Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) has resurrected with HDFC Bank, India's second biggest private ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is expecting that the loan offtake by the  industry, especially the small and medium enterprises ...
The hysteria surrounding bad debts of banks is unwanted as the country's banking system is robust profitable enough to absorb ...
India’s current account deficit (CAD) for the first quarter ended June declined to $16.4 billion from $17.4 billion in ...
Kotak Mahindra Capital, the prestigious investment banking arm of Kotak Mahindra Bank is building a more dominant position in ...
Yes Bank today said it has received approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to start equity broking business.
The bank will ...
The rupee rose to a near five-month high on Friday as global risk sentiment improved, and the government stuck to its original ...
Stressing growth has to be inclusive, Reserve Bank of India Governor Duvvuri Subbarao on Thursday said otherwise it would have no ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank will take a call on lending rates by mid-October. “We are examining the current ...
The rupee on Thursday touched a 20-week high of Rs 53 to a dollar.
While the revival is welcome, experts say sharp appreciation ...
Indian companies are learning to skip the customary road shows before raising funds in the foreign markets.
The drop in gold imports and soft global oil prices could bring down CAD to below 3.5 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) in ...
Savings bank deposits might fetch lower returns.
For the first time since rates on these were deregulated in October 2011, ...
Greater Bombay Cooperative Bank ( Greater Bank), announced today that will be allowing customers to get loans against their gold ...
Indian Bank on Wednesday said its exposure to state electricity boards (SEBs) was limited, adding it hadn’t received any ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank will take a call on lending rates by mid- October.
“We are examining the current ...
There is trouble brewing at Bangalore-based mChek, one of the earliest companies in the mobile payment segment.
Sources in the ...
With an eye on the largely untapped prepaid travel card business in India, American Express has rolled out its global travel ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will soon develop a mechanism for faster approval of insurance policies ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Wednesday issued a draft set of rules to revamp the Indian Institute ...
Fund managers are expecting higher returns from duration funds, amid falling interest rates.
Short-term rates
could fall further ...
After successfully starting, scaling and exiting four companies — IT&T, CustomerAsset, Marketics and Tutorvista — ...
Bangalore-based online bus ticket booking service provider Travelyaari, part of Mantis Technologies, plans to raise $10 million ...
Thyrocare Technologies, a Mumbai-based medical diagnostics services provider, has raised about Rs 120 crore from private equity ...
With India on its way to becoming the third-largest automotive market, the automobile components industry has seen a spurt in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has not yet seen any immediate fallout in India from the US Federal Reserve’s third round ...
Greece’s international lenders are at loggerheads over how to solve Athens’ debt crisis, threatening more trouble for ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today said it expects 50% growth in saving bank deposits this fiscal.
Networking solutions firm Cisco today announced availability of its 'connected ATM solution' that will help banks in India deploy ...
Public Sector lender Corporation Bank may take a call on lending rates by mid of October this year.
"We are examining the ...
Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank saw a net profit growth of over 100% last year, but this year it is expecting the growth to ...
The government is set to announce the market borrowing calendar for the second half of current financial year later this week.
In a new twist to the ongoing case between the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) and Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd ...
Taking a cue from the country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), which cut its base rate by 25 basis points (bps) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks not to treat Kingfisher Airlines’ brand as collateral since it is ...
Nomura Holdings Inc is reorganising its global finance team in Asia outside of Japan, according to an internal memo, as Chief ...
Restructured assets in the banking system will shrink by 15 per cent from March 2012 levels, due to the debt restructuring ...
Foreign institutional investors (FII) on Tuesday invested a whopping $1.1 billion into Indian stocks adding to their year’s ...
At a time when most foreign banks in India are looking at opening more branches, British lender Barclays has decided to close ...
Lenders with exposure to Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) on Tuesday postponed a decision on admitting the cash-strapped ...
Sheila C Bair, who tormented Wall Street and its Washington allies as a banking regulator, is taking a fresh swipe at her foes in ...
For promoting financial literacy among the school students, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the first time is conducting an ...
NTPC became the first company to benefit from lower withholding tax on external commercial borrowing (ECB) when it raised $500 ...
Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) introduced ASBA (Application Supported by Blocked Amount) facility in 2008, under ...
Following the cut in base rate by country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI), India's second largest private bank HDFC ...
HDFC Bank in association with Diners Club International, a business unit of Discover Financial Services, launched a range of ...
Kotak Mahindra, which hiked its rates from four per cent to six per cent about 10 months ago, has recently claimed that the move ...
Having secured the debt recast package is just half a battle won.
Banks want ailing state power distribution companies to ...
Within the next six months, government-owned insurance companies would have an in-house third-party administrator (TPA) system, ...
Lenders to Vijay Mallya’s troubled Kingfisher Airlines will meet on Thursday with the latter’s management to discuss ...
State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest bank, had excess liquidity to the tune of Rs 70,000-80,000 crore, said Chairman ...
The chief executive (CEO) of a small private sector bank was aghast to find senior officials of two large state-owned banks ...
CRISIL on Monday said banks might take a hit of Rs 4,500 crore on net present value (NPV) of loans given to the state electricity ...
The country’s chief insurance regulator on Monday rapped various aspects of the sector’s functioning, saying ...
Within the next six months, government-owned insurance companies would have an in-house third-party administrator (TPA) system, ...
State Bank of India today said though there is little room for further reduction in the base rate, it could cut lending rates in ...
Bank of Baroda is planning to hire around 20,000 people over the next four years and will add more than 500 domestic, ...
K R Kamath, chairman and managing director (CMD) of Punjab National Bank, will become the new chairman of the India Banks’ ...
The liquidity deficit might remain under check towards the end of the second quarter this financial year.
This is due to a cut in ...
In yet another example of the growing convergence of views between North Block and Mint Road, the finance ministry has decided to ...
After a slew of foreign direct investment (FDI) reforms and measures to revive market sentiments, the government will now come up ...
The Punjab National Bank (PNB)’s long cherished dream of opening a branch in the Pakistan city from where it started its ...
Following the finance ministry asking banks to boost up lending to the residential housing projects, the lenders now want the ...
Next time you go to an ATM to withdraw cash, don't worry about the  banknotes getting sucked back by the machine if not collected ...
It wasn’t long ago that Goldman Sachs was painted as an outsize villain of the financial crisis, and its future seemed ...
After cutting its base rate last Tuesday by 25 basis points, the country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), on Saturday ...
After cutting its base rate last Tuesday by 25 basis points, country's largest lender State Bank of India, today reduced its ...
Earlier this week, the bank cut its base rate by 25 basis points to 9.75 percent.
Rising interest rates and high prices over the last year have impacted the repaying capacity of small home loan borrowers with ...
K R Kamath, chairman and managing director (CMD) of Punjab National Bank will become the new chairman of India Banks’ ...
Standard Chartered, the British bank at the center of accusations that it illegally funneled money for Iranian banks and ...
Stepping up their movement against the nuclear project, the anti-Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP) protesters have threatened ...
The Reserve Bank today stressed the importance of dynamic or expected loan loss provisioning to maintain financial stability.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today issued a draft proposal on a composite standard insurance product ...
The Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) is considering supporting Indian companies in exploring potential project exports in ...
The growth in retail credit this festival season, despite interest rate cuts, could be slower.
Bankers say the slowing economy ...
The rupee, which ended at a four-and-a-half-month closing high on Friday, is expected to strengthen further in the near term.
The ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today issued a draft proposal on a composite standard insurance product ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday stressed on the importance of dynamic or expected loan loss provisioning in order to ...
SBI today reclaimed its position as the country's most valued bank with a total market valuation of over Rs 1.48 lakh crore, ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Anand Sinha today said banks' asset quality has deteriorated in recent times due to the gloomy ...
The reduction in base rate will bring down the interest rate on all loans with floating rate of interest linked to base rate and ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has projected a credit outlay of Rs 85,000 crore for Odisha ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has again voiced concern on separation of the Debt Management Office (DMO) from its ambit.
Mahindra Insurance Brokers (MIBL), a subsidiary of Mahindra Finance, on Thursday signed a strategic partnership with LeapFrog ...
Deposit accretion in banks continues to outpace loan disbursements this financial year.
The trend prompted lending rate and ...
Weakness in its business model led to a decline in Dhanl-axmi Bank’s profitability, stated its new chief executive, P G ...
The sudden increase in borrowings by banks under the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s daily Liquidity Adjustment Facility ...
It’s certainly not a good time to be a banker, says the chief executive of a private sector bank.
While he claims the bank
...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) Chairman J Hari Narayan on Thursday said overall growth in the insurance ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) Chairman J Hari Narayan on Thursday said overall growth in the insurance ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has once again voiced concerns on separation of Debt Management Office (DMO) from Central Bank. ...
Within a couple of days of the country's largest lender SBI announcing an interest cut, Bank of America Merill Lynch ...
Credit growth in Indian banks grew 1.2% as of September 7 from the start of the financial year in April, picking up ...
Deposit accretion in banks continued to outpace loan disbursements in the current financial year.
The trend prompted lending rate ...
Banks borrowing at Reserve Bank of India’s liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) today rose sharply to Rs 85,295 crore, a day ...
The Japanese central bank moved to ease monetary policy on Wednesday, saying it would buy larger quantities of government bonds ...
Switzerland could soon lose its status as the preferred destination for Indian companies raising funds abroad.
Public sector lender Corporation Bank will rejig its organisation structure and undertake business process re-engineering at its ...
“We are currently under discussions with multiple PE investors from India as well as abroad, who have shown interest in us.
Motilal Oswal Private Equity Advisors (MOPE), a wholly owned subsidiary of financial services group Motilal Oswal Financial ...
Sadananda Maiya, one of the key figures in developing India’s ready-to-eat segment into a strong Rs 800-crore market, is ...
The government’s decision to allow foreign retailers to set up supermarkets in the country is likely to spur private equity ...
Despite a change at the helm, the Ajay Piramal-owned realty private equity (PE) firm Indiareit Advisors’ fund-raising ...
Impact investing, which focuses on social as well as financial outcomes, is slowly gaining ground in India.
With about a dozen ...
General insurance companies planning to tap the capital market for funds should have 10 year experience and will have to seek ...
A day after the country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) slashed its base rate, a couple of public sector banks have ...
Investments by rich overseas entities through 'Participatory Notes' into Indian markets rose to five-month high of Rs 1,41,710 ...
The State Bank of India has cut its base rate, the minimum interest rate at which it lends, by 25 basis points to 9.75 percent ...
The State Bank of India has cut its base rate, the minimum interest rate at which it lends, by 25 basis points to 9.75 percent ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved the re-appointment of Ananthakrishna as part-time chairman of Mangalore-based ...
The reform measures announced by the government in recent days may be just the beginning.
The government has lined up several ...
Oil refiner and marketing company Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) is planning to raise about $ 200 million (Rs 1,080 crore) ...
Credit Information Bureau Limited (Cibil), which has the credit history of about 220 million people, now has an unlikely ...
Along with retail and aviation, the insurance sector is set to see an overhaul following a finance ministry intervention.
The ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Tuesday stated under the Issue of Capital and Disclosure ...
Shares of some state-owned banks and power finance companies rose sharply on Tuesday on hopes the government would soon take a ...
Once again, India Inc is scouting for funds abroad.
However, this time, it is willing to mop whatever little investors are ready ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) says its stance on interest rates has not changed from that in April.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday slammed banks for not transmitting monetary decisions of the central bank to the ...
Along with retail and aviation, the insurance sector is set to see an overhaul following a finance ministry intervention.
The ...
The State Bank of India cuts base rate by 0.25% to 9.75% effective Thursday.
RBI Governor D Subbarao today appeared before a Parliamentary panel and said he did not agree with the controversial Finance ...
Major Western banks may have to scale back or even withdraw from some of Asia's developing financial derivative markets due to ...
The Reserve Bank of India today slammed banks for not transmitting monetary decisions of the central bank to the larger system.
Citibank today said it has opened its first 'smart banking' branch in the country in a busy commercial district in Noida.
Karnataka Bank Ltd, a fast emerging publicly-held private sector bank, has decided to drop plans to raise equity through a rights ...
State-owned Exim Bank (Export and Import bank of India) is negotiating with 24 Indian firms to finance about $1.5 billion under ...
Public sector Allahabad Bank said the demand for credit was picking up and this would enable the bank to achieve 17-18 per cent ...
Following the recent reforms announced by the government and expectations of calming risks globally, the market is expecting the ...
Tracking stock market movements, the rupee on Monday surged to 53.66 a dollar on robust capital inflows but pared some gains to ...
Taking the benefit of softening of bond yields in the global markets, IDBI Bank plans to raise about $500 million this week under ...
Karnataka Bank Ltd, a publicly-held private sector bank, has decided to drop plans to raise equity through a rights issue.
In the ...
MetLife Inc is set to pay close to Rs 190 crore to Jammu and Kashmir Bank for buying a part of its stake in their insurance joint ...
British investment banking firm Barclays expects the yield on 10-year government bonds to move towards 7.5 per cent in the medium ...
The recent reforms announced by the government are perceived as steps in the right direction by rating agencies, and it might ...
The Reserve Bank today issued draft guidelines on prudent valuation of banks' long-term assets which are illiquid in nature.
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd, which aims 35 per cent growth in the current fiscal, has said its new segment of government business ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) today assigned 'BBB-' rating, indicating investment grade, to the IDBI ...
Over 1,500 Indian companies raised a whopping Rs 2.39 lakh crore through private placement of debt securities or bonds in the ...
The RBI is waiting for the impact of the recent (reform/policy related) statements to pan out before taking a call.
The central ...
Borrowers could see better days ahead as banks are expected to cut lending rates following the RBI's decision to unlock Rs 17,000 ...
Taking benefit of softening of bond yields in global markets, IDBI Bank plans to raise about $500 million this week under Medium ...
REUTERS - The RBI left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the primary focus of monetary ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the ...
The yield on the government bonds hardened as Reserve bank of India kept on hold the repo rate on concerns of inflation.
The RBI left interest rates unchanged on Monday b ut cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the primary focus of monetary ...
Lower deposit growth along with pressure on liquidity due to corporate advance tax outflow has prompted it to cut the cash ...
Karnataka Bank Ltd, a fast emerging publicly held private sector bank, has decided to drop plans to raise equity through a Rights ...
India's central bank on Monday left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the primary focus ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Monday left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks by 25 bps, saying the ...
British investment banking firm Barclays expects the yield on 10-year government bonds to move towards 7.5 per cent in the medium ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the ...
A spate of long-delayed reforms unleashed by India to shore up government finances is unlikely to be rewarded by an immediate ...
Fictitious trading and brazen gambling by a single individual could have brought down the Swiss financial giant UBS, a British ...
Lenders to the near-defunct Zoom Developers plan to club suits filed against the company to speed up legal action and save on ...
Public sector Allahabad Bank said the demand for credit was picking up and this would enable the bank to achieve 17-18 per cent ...
“These (telecom) companies would have to try hard this time to bring in the funds and, quite clearly, they will have to ...
The Finance Ministry is actively looking into a proposal to infuse Rs 4,000 crore in State Bank of India to boost its capital ...
As an investment banker in New York City, Poornima Vardhan had all the right clothes: power suits, cocktail dresses and jeans. ...
Ben Bernanke, the Federal Reserve chairman, said Thursday the Fed's new stimulus was meant to help Main Street.
Federal and state authorities are investigating a handful of major American banks for failing to monitor cash transactions in and ...
Despite the overall gloom in the economy, the advance tax payment made by banks is higher for the period ending September this ...
Despite the over all gloom in the economy, the advance tax payment made by banks is higher for the period ending September this ...
Indian banks need to improve their systems and processes to identify early any stress on the quality of their loans, the Reserve ...
Planning to buy a house and want to search for properties on the internet?
Real estate portals are the not the only options that ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has reiterated that controlling inflation is its top priority, dampening the hope of a rate cut ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest public sector bank, does not expect an immediate cut in interest rates and Cash ...
Fuelled by capital inflows amid a favourable outcome from key domestic and global events, the rupee gained the most as compared ...
The government may have swallowed a bitter pill and raised diesel prices despite resistance from allies and the opposition, but ...
The rupee extended gains to hit a new two-and-a-half month high on Friday afternoon on hopes the government would continue to ...
"Controlling inflation has always been a priority for the central bank," RBI deputy governor, KC Chakrabarty said at an ...
The country's largest commercial bank State Bank of India (SBI) today said given the present liquidity situation there may not be ...
The hike in diesel price and cap on subsidised cooking gas cylinders may not be enough to persuade D Subbarao, governor of the ...
As we come closer to the policy, questions on possible monetary action either through a cut in Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) and/or ...
JPMorgan Chase revealed another overhaul of its operations on Wednesday, saying in an internal memo that it would revamp its ...
The Federal Reserve opened a new chapter on Thursday in its efforts to accelerate the economic recovery, saying that it would ...
Banks’ loans are set to grow at the slowest pace in a decade this financial year, as companies continue to shy away from ...
The rise in diesel prices three days ahead of its scheduled mid-quarter review of monetary policy will put pressure on the the ...
SBI Cards, the second largest credit card issuer in the country, expects to wipe out its accumulated losses over the next ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is looking at making insurance policies more investor-friendly by ...
Prepare to fork out a higher service charge while paying your credit card bill in cash.
HDFC Bank, the largest issuer of credit ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is looking at making insurance policies more investor-friendly by ...
The bank has also reduced car loan rates by 25
bps with interest rates ranging from 10.75% to 11.25%. The festival offer will be ...
Indian banks' loan book is set to grow at its slowest pace in a decade this financial year as corporates continue to shy away ...
Three private sector banks HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank have together announced a cut in deposit rates on September 12, ...
SBI Cards, the second largest credit card issuer in the country, expects to wipe out its accumulated losses over the next three ...
Prepare to fork out a higher service charge if you wish to pay your credit card bill by cash.
HDFC Bank, the largest issuer of ...
Germany’s constitutional court on Wednesday gave Chancellor Angela Merkel a significant victory in her bid to master the ...
This team of general partners has been together for the past 12 years, something rarely equalled in the Indian venture capital ...
SBI Cards & Payment Services Private Limited (SBI Cards), a joint venture between State Bank of India and GE Capital, is ...
ASK Property Investment Advisors, the property fund arm of ASK Group, plans to launch a $200 million (Rs 1,100 crore) ...
Private equity majors have been riding high on India's consumption story and sectors like banking, financial services and ...
The Reserve Bank of India sold dollars worth $785 million in July, data released by the central bank showed.
The intervention in ...
Expressing concern the enhanced interest rates have decelerated the growth prospects in the country, Associated Chambers of ...
Fitch, the global rating agency, is to review India’s sovereign rating in October-November, aiming to capture its fiscal ...
There is a correction in this article, which can be seen at the end.
The top three private sector lenders in the country — ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, and Axis Bank — have slashed interest ...
The growth of prepaid payment instruments (PPIs) has not been encouraging despite favourable regulatory regime from the central ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to change the way it monitors and supervises banks in order to make the process more ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sold $785 million and did not buy any dollars in July, compared with net sales of $50 million in ...
Andhra Bank has slashed its interest rates on retail loans, a top bank official said today.
The rupee rose to a three-week high on Wednesday, tracking gains in global risk assets after Germany's top court gave its ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, has slashed interest rates on retail term deposits by 50 basis ...
Banks that have higher proportion of deposits maturing in the second half of this financial year are likely to restrict further ...
The Reserve Bank has eased out external commercial borrowings (ECB) rules to benefit India Inc.
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has raised equity capital of Rs 442 crore through qualified institutional placement ...
The need for capital infusion from the government will come down if banks are able to improve profitability before the Basel-III ...
Rush to park your money in a fixed deposit if you wish to earn high interest rates.
For, it will not be long before most banks ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, has opened a new branch at the Mahanadi Vihar area in Cuttack.
The Reserve Bank of India today liberalised norms on using external commercial borrowings (ECBs) to repay loans, capital ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday relaxed guidelines for Indian companies to raise money overseas through external ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday relaxed guidelines for Indian companies to raise money overseas through external ...
South Indian Bank board today approved allotment of 20 crore equity shares worth Rs 443.6 crore to qualified institutional buyers ...
Aggressive lending to the agriculture sector and exposure to high sector has led to a high ratio of Non-performing assets (NPA) ...
Government has nominated the Regional Director, Reserve Bank of India, Bhopal, P R Ravimohan as the RBI nominee director of Bank ...
The year 2011-12 may have been tough for Oriental Bank of Commerce with dip in profit, decline in margin and rise in bad loans ...
The European Central Bank will become the main supervisor for Euro zone banks under plans for a banking union to be detailed on ...
Earth Water Group (EWG), a leading company in the water and wastewater management industry, on Monday announced a fund raising ...
The business correspondents (BCs) model, which was encouraged by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to promote financial inclusion ...
Chennai-headquartered nonbanking finance company Shriram City Union Finance Limited (Shriram City) is planning to expand its ...
The Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), the representative body of microfinance institutions (MFIs), has sought two ...
The Andhra Pradesh Mahesh Co-operative Urban Bank, a multi-state scheduled cooperative bank, has recorded a 26.04 per cent growth ...
Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC), the largest mortgage lender in the country, on Monday said it had converted the warrants ...
The government is expected to wait till January for announcing its higher borrowing requirement for the financial year, instead ...
Bankers expecting a reduction in the cash reserve ratio (CRR) at the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) mid-quarter ...
At a time when most Indian and foreign banks are wary of lending to small and medium enterprises (SME) on asset quality concerns, ...
The rupee weakened on Monday on account of dollar demand from oil refiners, but further losses were averted on hopes of more ...
Reserve Bank today said the liquidity situation currently is comfortable and indicated that monetary policy action in the ...
Government-run Bank of Baroda (BoB) today announced a 0.25% reduction in home loan rates across all categories and for both new ...
Reuters Market Eye - Rupee trading at 55.35/36, little changed from its previous close of 55.3550/3650, as dollar demand from oil ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is comfortable with the current liquidity situation at Indian banks, deputy governor Subir Gokarn ...
Rupee trading at 55.28/29 versus its previous close of 55.3550/3650 as weak U.S. jobs data post market hours on Friday raises ...
The clamour for a CRR and  interest rate cut has been growing even as the Reserve Bank on Monday  said the liquidity situation ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Reserve Bank of India, is looking at a disbursal of Rs 4,000 crore ...
Pointing to the tardy pace in giving thrust to electronic payment, the finance ministry has asked public sector banks (PSBs) for ...
Indian Bank may come out with a follow-on public offer (FPO) next fiscal if market conditions improve, a top official said.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has joined the bandwagon of public sector lenders to cut the interest rate on retail (home and car) loans. ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co’s wrong-way bets on derivatives are the focus of an escalating investigation by a US Senate panel ...
The European Union’s 19th crisis summit was winding down when European Central Bank President Mario Draghi made an unusual ...
Kotak Mahindra bank will increase branches network in the country from the current 375 branches to 500 branches by 2014, a senior ...
Reserve Bank of India has allowed Indian entities to make direct investment in Pakistan, giving push for bilateral trade and ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will soon have to decide whether to stick by his predecessor’s choice of former Reserve Bank ...
It is that time of the year when home buyers expect banks to offer hefty discounts on loan rates to propel the festive season ...
Better liquidity has eased some pressure on deposit rates (DRs), especially in the short term, and some public sector banks ...
The prospect of European banks deleveraging and getting rid of their Asian assets has been a cause of much concern for Indian ...
In sync with the stock market, the rupee on Friday soared by 30 paise to close at two-week high levels of 55.36 against the ...
HDFC Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank have pipped their Chinese peers in the Forbes Asia's 'Fab 50' list this year.
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today slashed fixed deposit rates on select maturities by up to 0.5% in line with ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co’s wrong-way bets on derivatives are the focus of an escalating probe by a US Senate panel led by ...
Most of the $1 billion in cuts, initially announced last week, will be made abroad, and they are driven by a grim outlook for the ...
European Central Bank (ECB) President Mario Draghi on Thursday said policy makers had agreed to an unlimited bond-purchase ...
Releasing its CRISIL-audited final placements, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, (IIM-A) reported the highest ...
Fraudulent Internet debit card transactions are on the rise in the state and form the second highest among the complaints being ...
The ill-fated factory of Om Siva Sakthi Fireworks, which was gutted yesterday leading to deaths of over 50 persons, was insured ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Anand Sinha has backed the Mahapatra committee’s recommendation of higher ...
The chairman of Prime Minister’s economic advisory council, C Rangarajan, has added to the debate on banks’ Cash ...
The Bank of Japan needs to monitor more carefully negative effects of a strong yen on the economy amid global uncertainty, ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), after having successfully raised a $1-billion Medium Term Note (MTN), has planned to raise another $1 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has told banks not to differentiate between high-value depositors and small depositors. ...
Banks that want to leave a loan consortium can do so only after finding a replacement, if the recommendations of a committee on ...
T M Bhasin, chairman and managing director of Indian Bank, might be heading for Bank of Baroda, with UCO Bank CMD Arun Kaul ...
Two public-sector banks, IDBI Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce, on Thursday reduced interest rate on home loans by up to 0.25 ...
Visa, the international payment gateway, is offering packaged security solutions to Indian banks for cards issued on their ...
The banking regulator is unhappy with the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India holding more than 10 per cent stake in State ...
The banking regulator is unhappy with the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India holding more than 10 per cent stake in State ...
Two public sector banks, IDBI Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce, today reduced interest rate on home loans by up to 0.25%.
The Reserve Bank of India needs to bring down the cash reserve ratio (CRR) and control credit flow through open market ...
REUTERS - The rupee dropped to its lowest level in three weeks on Thursday, hurt by mild losses in the domestic share market and ...
The top 10 deals accounted for 42.6% of investments in terms of deal value.
In the largest deal, Bain Capital Advisors India ...
The rupee fell to the lowest level in almost three weeks as investors sought the perceived safety of the dollar on concern that ...
Somak Ghosh has quit as group president (development banking), YES Bank, to join Motilal Oswal Private Equity Advisors, the ...
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi’s bond-buying proposal involves unlimited purchases of government debt that ...
Sovereign fund Temasek Holdings is in talks with Actis to acquire the latter’s stake in Bangalore-based retail chain ...
Chennai-based private equity firm TVS Capital Funds is understood to be scripting a healthy exit from Landmark, a pan-Indian book ...
Non-banking finance company, India Infoline Finance raised Rs 335 crore via non-convertible debentures on the first day of ...
Motilal Oswal Private Equity invested Parag Milk Foods plans to go for an initial public offering to make ways for the private ...
Axis Bank, the third-largest private sector lender in the country, on Wednesday introduced a new home loan product, where the ...
The State Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) has advised all banks in the state to take up drought relief measures on a war-footing ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, plans to take its point of sale (PoS) terminals to 100,000 by the end of ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, plans to repatriate a large part of its capital from its UK arm as ...
CRR is the proportion of deposits that banks need to keep with RBI as cash.
Banks do not earn any interest on it.
At present, the ...
Amid a dry pipeline of loans and challenges in managing excess cash, State Bank of India on Wednesday reduced interest rates on ...
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor H R Khan on Wednesday said mobile telephone operators cannot be permitted to provide a ...
Axis Bank today launched a home loan product with built-in EMI waiver scheme under which the bank will write off the last 12 ...
RuPay, the domestic debit card payment platform, launched by the National Payment Corporation of India, is likely to be ...
Credit growth at Indian banks was almost stagnant in the first five months of the fiscal year that started in April, as policy ...
Country’s largest lender State bank of India today reduced interest rate on domestic retail term deposits by 50-100 basis ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Tuesday said the government would need to infuse Rs 90,000 crore in public ...
European leaders are stepping up shuttle diplomacy this week as details of a bond-buying plan emerged from the central bank, ...
The European Union’s outlook was cut to negative by Moody’s Investors Service, reflecting the risks to Germany, ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank plans to raise Rs 500 crore to help maintain momentum in growth.
In last two years, the bank’s business ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao surely knows how to crack a joke even on as mundane a topic as the cash reserve ratio ...
The Reserve Bank of India has said banks must lend directly to priority sector beneficiaries, not through intermediaries.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has approved Punjab National Bank’s (PNB) plan to acquire a 30 ...
Axis Bank, the country’s third largest private sector lender, plans to take the share of retail credit in its overall loan ...
Now, you don’t have to worry about the kids when you discuss your finances with the relationship manager at your bank ...
The finance ministry may ask cash-rich public sector undertakings (PSUs) to invest in foreign assets that are currently available ...
The premium collection of general insurance companies rose 20.9 per cent in July 2012 compared to July 2011, according to data ...
The finance ministry is looking at the possibility of relaxing norms for insurance companies to attract more funds for the ...
The premium collection of general insurance companies rose 20.9 per cent in July 2012 compared to July 2011, according to data ...
Indian banks will require an additional capital of Rs 5 lakh crore to meet the new global banking norms, Basel III, RBI Governor ...
Given its poor fiscal position, the government will find it difficult to re-capitalise banks to help them meet the Basel III ...
Reuters Market Eye - Goldman Sachs has upgraded Indian banks to "neutral" from "cautious" citing favourable ...
Goldman Sachs has upgraded Indian banks to "neutral" from "cautious" citing favourable risk/reward in public ...
Vijay Bank on Sunday launched a special current account savings account (CASA) campaign across all its 24 regional offices in the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), Bhubaneswar divisional office has settled 90,871 claims during the 2011-12 fiscal ...
State Bank of India Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri on Monday said that lateral hiring in banks had led to frustration among existing ...
Following the reduction in interest rate for retail credit by large banks, demand for such advances was picking up, said Pratip ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday directed all banks to issue cheques with uniform features conforming to Cheque ...
While being on the forefront of the industrial development, Gujarat-based borrowers have set a unique example of maintaining ...
The rupee opened the week on a high note in reaction to the Parthasarathi Shome panel recommendation to postpone the general ...
Sales of health and pension policies of life insurance companies have taken a beating in June, according to the latest data ...
Indian banks’ rush for overseas dollar denominated bonds that saw over $3.5 billion (Rs 19,440 crore) being raised in about ...
The finance ministry might give public sector banks more time to shed their high-cost bulk deposits on a case-to-case basis, ...
Worried over the rise in crime at banks’ automatic teller machines (ATMs), the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks ...
Sales of health and pension policies of life insurance companies have taken a beating in June, according to the latest data ...
Reserve Bank of India is expected to keep its key interest rate steady this month, a Reuters poll showed, and economists see only ...
The Finance Ministry has sought an exemption for mergers and acquisitions of "loss-making and failing" banks as well as ...
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation is aiming for a growth of 25 per cent in policies and around 40 per cent ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has re-allocated the portfolios of its deputy managing directors, and has appointed Arundhati ...
Global banking major HSBC is looking to offload its entire 4.46 per cent stake in private sector lender Karnataka Bank, after ...
State-run Union Bank of India is expecting a capital infusion of Rs 1,000 crore from the government, a top company official said.
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has slashed fixed deposit rates by up to 0.5% on select maturities.
India's plan to increase voting rights for shareholders in banks would improve management and corporate governance and draw more ...
After a significant decline in business in the quarter ended June, leading gold loan companies are set to see a reversal of ...
Yields on government bonds on Friday increased on concern the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may not cut policy rates, as the ...
The Federal Reserve Chairman, Ben S.
Bernanke, delivered on Friday a detailed and forceful argument for new steps to stimulate ...
Investing profitably in secure papers is the purpose of bank treasuries.
And State Bank of India is doing exactly that.
While being on the forefront of the industrial development, Gujarat-based borrowers have set a unique example of maintaining ...
Vijaya Bank has slashed interest rates on MSME (Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises) loans by up to one per cent across the ...
ICICI Bank Chairman K V Kamath on Thursday disagreed with the suggestion of State Bank of India (SBI) chief Pratip Chaudhuri that ...
The race to shore up retail assets by cutting interest rate is gathering pace among public sector lenders.
Citigroup said on Wednesday that it had agreed to pay $590 million to settle a class-action lawsuit brought by shareholders who ...
As India seeks to control high inflation, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao has said a little sacrifice in growth ...
Pacific Investment Management’s Bill Gross said the Federal Reserve will add to monetary stimulus even if Chairman Ben S ...
Prosecutors say they have unearthed evidence in recent international money-transfer investigations that Chinese banks may have ...
Banks have opposed the suggestions of a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) committee on loan restructuring, as they fear these, if ...
Housing & Urban Development Corporation Ltd.
(Hudco) has introduced home loans up to Rs 25 lakh for the salaried individuals ...
The worsening financial health of state electricity boards (SEBs) was expected to put huge pressure on the asset quality of banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to put up bulk deposit rate on their websites, to stop banks from offering ...
According to J Tashi, the Banking Obudsman of Chandigarh, 663 levy charges on loans related complaints, 574 complaints related to ...
An increase in the number of banks alone is unlikely to expand financial services to un-banked areas, said K V Kamath, chairman ...
Corporation Bank has decided to slash interest rates on home, car and educational loans with effect from September 1 for a ...
The Reserve Bank has informed the government that the impact of eurozone crisis on the Indian banks may be limited.
The restructured portfolio of country's banks will touch Rs 3.25 trillion (Rs 3.25 lakh crore), or around 5.7% of banks' advances ...
ICICI Bank Chairman K V Kamath today disagreed with the suggestion of SBI chief Pratip Chaudhuri that RBI should scrap CRR, ...
Highlighting the need for fiscal consolidation, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao has said the central bank’s ...
Rural spending outpaced urban consumption in the two years up to 2011-12, the first time in nearly 25 years, according to a study ...
“The other day, we received a (loan) proposal for setting up a hotel, with a repayment period of eight to nine years.
I ...
After BigBasket, another online grocery retailer, MyGrahak, is scouting for private equity (PE) investment to fund its expansion ...
Arun Kumar, the reclusive millionaire promoter of pharmaceuticals company Strides Arcolab, is now eyeing the medical equipment ...
A 12-member expert committee formed by the Planning Commission has asked insurance and pension regulators to allow investments in ...
A 12-member expert committee formed by the Planning Commission has asked insurance and pension regulators to allow investments in ...
Reuters Market Eye - The rupee is trading higher with traders reporting corporate inflows lined up.
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao has said the battle against inflation has not ended yet and high prices were mostly ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said on Tuesday that inflation remains too high and needs to fall further ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said on Tuesday that inflation remains too high and needs to fall further ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Executive Director D K Mohanty on Tuesday said the country’s import cover reserves might fall ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned a loan of Rs 32.28 crore to the Haryana ...
The global retail banking industry is not out of the woods yet, stated a report by the Boston Consulting Group (BCG). It added ...
State Bank of India Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri on Tuesday took a gentle dig at the Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor K C ...
Mumbai-based public sector lender Bank of India on Tuesday reduced the rate on interests on bulk deposits in some tenors by 25-50 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may relax some of the priority sector target for banks on a case-to-case basis but has asked the ...
The Reserve Bank today asked state and central co-operative banks to ensure minimal variation in interest rates on single-term ...
Financial regulators may have a challenging job, but they should not be too prescriptive and let market forces work in normal ...
RBI today said it will soon launch Rs 1,000 denomination banknotes with rupee symbol, and improved security features.
In a year or so, one can expect to get more than cash from automated teller machines (ATMs). While the new White Label ATM (WLA) ...
Punjab National Bank—the country’s second-largest public-sector bank, in a statement, said it would not cut the ...
Deutsche Bank AG, Europe’s biggest bank by assets, changed rules on bonuses to allow the company to claw back stock awarded ...
If inflation is controlled, it will automatically bring down interest rates, says RBI Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty.
He adds, ...
Rating agency Icra has cut the rating for Reliance Power Ltd’s commercial paper (of Rs 1,000 crore) from A1+ to A1 on ...
The department of financial services under Union finance ministry has identified 789 habitations in 14 Naxal affected districts ...
Icra, has assigned a ‘negative’ rating to the state-run Indian Oil Corporation’s long term bonds programme on ...
Banks which had stopped extending education loans to students who were taking admission through management quota may have to ...
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh on Monday chose to voice the unspoken concerns of the investor community about over-regulation that ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned a financial support of Rs 129.82 crore to Tamil ...
His predecessor, O P Bhatt, had spent the better part of his five-year tenure in a bitter war of words with the Reserve Bank of ...
At a time when bankers across the world are being termed as 'London Whale', hedge-fund sharks and various other deadly creatures, ...
Tracking weak trends in the stock market, the rupee today depreciated by 19 paise to close at 55.69 on heavy month-end dollar ...
The Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty today said that the banks must work within the frame work of the ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit said regulators shouldn’t dictate what banks can sell to clients ...
Indian Bank is planning to open 1,525 ultra small branches in rural areas across the country.
This is part of the bank’s ...
The data on India’s fiscal balances and gross domestic product (GDP), for the April-June 2012 quarter due to be released on ...
With the government driving banks to reduce dependence on wholesale funds, public sector banks (PSBs) may shed bulk deposits ...
State Bank of India may have its branches open on Sundays to help improve efficiency, a top bank official has said.
Despite the rising stress on balance sheets of domestic banks, foreign investors in recent months have been snapping up bond ...
Rupee is likely to trade in the range of 55-56 per US dollar in the coming week with no visible trigger from international and ...
A steep rise in debt levels of large business houses like Lanco, Adani, GVK, Vedanta and GMR groups in the past five years has ...
The Reserve Bank has widened its probe into the affairs of British banking giants HSBC and Standard Chartered to a host of other ...
The government has asked banks to focus on 'Urban Financial Inclusion' to ensure at least one bank account per family among poor ...
Southern states of Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka account for about 50 per cent of education loans disbursed by ...
Banking giant Citibank, has taken a slew of initiatives to exclusively cater to its women employees.
Prosecutors investigating the movement of money by global banks suspect HSBC of laundering money for Mexican drug cartels and ...
Public sector banks will disburse over Rs 2,000 crore in Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram’s constituency.
M Narendra, ...
Public sector banks have now set a target to disburse Rs 6 lakh crore agriculture loan during the current fiscal.
This is Rs ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) will meet Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram on retaining the current ...
The European Commission on Friday set a target date of September 11 to announce proposals to overhaul banking regulation in ...
“We have decided to reduce the rate of interest on the car loans.
We have decided (to cut)... Housing loan rate by 25 to 50 ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India (UBI) is expecting capital infusion of about Rs 1,000 crore from the Union government ...
Companies other than non-banking finance firms are raising funds through the debt market, via non-convertible debentures (NCDs) ...
Capital market regulator Sebi has decided to park its surplus funds in fixed deposits of PSU banks, even if the returns offered ...
Rates on three-month certificates of deposit and commercial papers were almost unchanged today due to low issuances and ...
Investments in new projects slowed substantially in 2011-12, declining 46 per cent compared to the previous financial year, as ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s balance sheet crossed Rs 4 lakh crore in 2011-12 (July-June) due to an increase in holdings of ...
Indian banks would need about Rs 5 lakh crore of additional capital to meet the Basel-III norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The fall was mainly due to high inflation, decline in small savings and slower growth in households’ holdings of bank ...
India had scored poorly on financial inclusion parameters when compared with the global average, said the Reserve Bank of India ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank will double its medium-term note (MTN) programme to $3 billion from $1.5 billion, to raise foreign ...
Several ATMs ran out of cash causing hardship to the common man on the second day of the two- day strike called by PSU bank ...
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector lender, today rolled out 25 “electronic branches” across 18 ...
The Reserve Bank of India today cautioned that increasing dependence on imported coal and rising global prices of the dry fuel ...
State Bank of India holds 33 per cent of the total non-performing assets (NPAs) held by public sector banks, according to the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) chairman has called for a change in non-performing assets’ (NPAs) norms, and reiterated the need ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on banks for charging pre-payment penalty on dual-rate home loans, and has ...
The positive intent shown by the government recently on key reforms such as foreign direct investment in key sectors such as ...
The Rajkot District Co-operative Bank (RDCB) has decided to waive interest on loans given to nearly two lakh farmers for ...
The Reserve Bank today cautioned that increasing dependence on imported coal and rising global prices of the dry fuel can impact ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) has filed an application with the Reserve Bank to open branches in Lahore and Karachi, ...
The Reserve Bank has proposed to conduct field trials of Rs 10 polymer banknotes in five cities including Shimla and Cochin, ...
India is looking to make it easier for companies to raise funds by allowing them to issue rupee bonds that are guaranteed from ...
India is looking to make it easier for companies to raise funds by allowing them to issue rupee bonds that are guaranteed from ...
The government on Wednesday relaxed external commercial borrowing (ECB) norms significantly in a number of areas — ...
Magma Fincorp Ltd (MFL) has appointed Sachin Khandelwal, a key ICICI Bank executive, as head of housing finance business, and ...
India and Pakistan have agreed to allow two banks each from both the countries to set up branches across the border, Governor of ...
Annual growth in bank advances fell moderately below the projection of 17 per cent set by the Reserve Bank of India in the ...
IDBI Bank on Wednesday launched a term deposit scheme that offers floating rate of interest.
Uncertainty around buyback arrangements has put private equity (PE) firms, struggling to exit their investments, in troubled ...
Banking services including branch operations and treasury operations were hit hard as staff and officers belonging to some bank ...
Europe’s failure to resolve its sovereign-debt crisis will force investment-banking chiefs in the region to consider ...
Banking operation in the state came to standstill on Wednesday as about 70,000 employees of 5,000 branches of different public ...
As credit card spending in India is reaching new high, SBI Cards and Payment Services Pvt Ltd, a joint venture with GE ...
The first day of two-day nationwide bank employees' strike against amendments in the banking regulation act was successful in ...
Bank credit rose by Rs 22,034 crore to Rs 48.73 lakh crore in the fortnight ending August 10, reflecting an uptick in economic ...
India and Pakistan have agreed to allow two banks each from both the countries to set up branches across the border, Governor of ...
Indian banks fetched more deposits than loans since the start of the financial year in April as high deposit rates prompted ...
Bank transactions and some market operations were hit in India after about one million bank employees began a two-day strike on ...
NCC, Shipping Corporation of India, South Indian Bank and Central Bank of India  fall 1 to 4 percent each after the National ...
About one million Indian bank employees began a two-day strike on Wednesday to protest against reforms that could ease mergers ...
Bank employees in India began a two-day strike on Wednesday to protest against proposed reforms that would ease mergers and allow ...
The finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have asked public sector banks not to bid for bulk deposits– a ...
The future of micro lenders in Andhra Pradesh looked bleak if the state government did not act fast, said Microfinance ...
The top public sector banks in the country — State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Canara Bank, Bank of India and ...
City-based United Bank of India (UBI) on Tuesday appointed asset reconstruction company ASREC India as a recovery agent to ...
Allahabad Bank on Tuesday said it would focus on financing setting up of foodgrains storage godowns and silos throughout the ...
Michael and Susan Dell Foundation is considering exiting group liability-based microfinance lending in India.
It plans to ...
Members of the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC), set up by the Reserve Bank of India, expect no relief on the fiscal deficit ...
The overdues from borrowers of Hyderabad-based microfinance institution Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited have crossed Rs 1,400 ...
The European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF) on Tuesday expressed hope that the Euro area’s bailout fund, the European ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday tightened the non-banking finance company (NBFC) securitisation norms by stipulating that ...
Barclays, which is looking at restructuring its India operations, may hold on to short-term retail loans, as it is not getting ...
Most of the Reserve Bank of India's external advisors supported Governor Duvvuri Subbarao's decision to keep interest rates ...
DBS Bank India, the domestic arm of the Singapore-based lender, has applied for four new branch licences from the Reserve Bank to ...
Sharad Sharma has been appointed as the managing director of State Bank of Mysore.
The crisis faced by the microfinance sector in Andhra Pradesh (AP) “is an eye opener for all the stakeholders,” ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on India Inc for not prudently using hedging tools available to them. ...
Concerned over the rising instances of payment defaults, banks have shown willingness to disclose the names of borrowers who have ...
In a move to contain the losses inherent in the third-party motor insurance portfolios, the finance ministry has asked the four ...
In a move to contain the losses inherent in the third-party motor insurance portfolios, the finance ministry has asked the four ...
The Finance Ministry has asked state-owned banks and insurance companies to take up the issue of misconduct by professionals like ...
When President Obama announced last month that he was barring a Baghdad bank from any dealings with the American banking system, ...
After bringing in Nippon Life as a strategic partner in its life insurance and asset management businesses, Reliance Capital is ...
United Bank of India, a public sector bank concentrated in north and north-east states of India is planning to ramp up its ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank is aiming at a growth of 28 per cent in its CASA (current account and savings ...
L&T Finance Holdings, the publicly held financial services company, is rolling out strong measures to bolster its housing ...
United Bank of India (UBI) on Saturday said it expected to recover Rs 400-500 crore in cash this financial year, as it gears up ...
Benjamin Lawsky, New York’s top state banking regulator, shook up the financial world by squeezing a record settlement out ...
Federal and state prosecutors are investigating Deutsche Bank and several other global banks over accusations that they funneled ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Saturday asked public sector banks (PSBs) to reduce equated monthly instalments (EMIs) on loans ...
With an eye on getting business in the festive season, banks have started offering discounts on interest rates and waiving ...
L&T Finance Holdings, the publicly-held financial services company, is introducing various measures to bolster its housing ...
Reliance Capital Ltd, which concluded a 26-per cent stake sale to Japanese insurer Nippon Life Insurance in its unit Reliance ...
The government has reappointed K C Chakrabarty as deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) till June 30, 2014. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) appointed Jasbir Singh as executive director of RBI.
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose $17.8 million to $289.17 billion for the week ended August 10, the Reserve Bank of ...
The finance ministry has asked public sector lenders to form consortiums to restructure the accounts of state electricity boards ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank aims to become a dominant player in the Indian banking sector, establishing a significant presence in ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor K.C. Chakrabarty got an extension of two years until June 30, 2014, a release from the ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday said it will assess if the declining trend in inflation is sustainable and accordingly take ...
India’s foreign currency reserves fell to about seven months of import cover at the end of March 2012 from eight and a half ...
India lent about $221 million to three heavily indebted European countries — Ireland, Portugal and Greece — in the ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce has slashed its base rate 0.1 per cent to 10.40 per cent with effect from on Thrusday.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said the possibility of India’s sovereign rating downgrade by global agencies like ...
KSL & Industries has settled a court dispute with holders of its foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs).
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, on Thursday said it has raised $750 million by selling bonds in the ...
State-run Union Bank of India (UBI) will need Rs 950-1,000 crore as additional capital to meet its business needs this financial ...
The rates on commercial paper (CP) fell below nine per cent after about one-and-a-half years, as investors took advantage of ...
Even as weak monsoon and lower growth estimate hints at dull economic condition in the country, the credit card companies have a ...
The Reserve Bank today said it will assess if the declining trend in inflation is sustainable and accordingly take a decision on ...
Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank has created two new business verticals, mid-corporate and fee-based income, to ...
Blackstone, the global private equity (PE) giant, is setting the stage for a blockbuster exit from Bangalore-based Synergy ...
Lloyds Banking Group Plc, the UK’s second-biggest state-backed lender, agreed to sell private equity-related investments ...
Credit card spending in the country touched a record high during the April- June quarter, thanks to innovative incentives offered ...
Delhi-based IFCI Venture Capital Funds Ltd (IVCF) has planned to bring in a foreign partner for its proposed mezzanine fund, to ...
Bangalore-based Ujjivan Microfinance, one of the first microfinance institutions (MFIs) to attract private equity investment, is ...
India’s largest domestic institutional investor, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), has used the subdued market ...
Union Bank of India is planning the third dollar-denominated bond by an Indian borrower this week, as better-than-expected US ...
Infrastructure finance company IDFC Ltd posted a 21 per cent growth in consolidated net profit at Rs 380 crore for the quarter ...
Money transfer player Muthoot Finance Ltd, which accounted for two million payouts to customers last year, aims to double it by ...
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) has said certain tax-saving bonds of three firms, SREI Infrastructure Finance, L&T ...
The Union finance ministry is considering a proposal to link tax exemption of life insurance policies to the term of the cover, ...
The lowest Indian dollar borrowing costs in a year will help as companies from Tata Steel Ltd to Jaiprakash Associates Ltd ...
The Reserve Bank of India has planned to cap banks’ total exposure to own group entities at 20 per cent of net worth, to ...
Foreign institutional investment must be increased in government debt in a phased manner, said a working group constituted by the ...
National Bank for Agriculture & Rural Development (Nabard) will provide refinance with lower interest rate to the farmers of ...
Loans to mid-sized pharmaceutical companies have turned bad for a slew of top public sector banks in the first quarter of this ...
Showing the economic slowdown’s deep effect on business, rating downgrades at 216 were about four times more than upgrades ...
Special schemes are back in focus as bank deposits continue to grow only at a sluggish pace.
With no relief in sight for further ...
Indian Overseas Bank today raised $500 million via sale of dollar denominated bonds for 5.5 years.
The bonds were issued at ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is likely to merge one of its five associate banks in the current financial year.
The rupee fell on Monday on the back of sustained dollar demand from oil importers, with traders also cautious a day before ...
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda today
hiked deposit rates by up to 1.75% with effect from today.
Take an agri loan at four per cent and keep the money as a fixed deposit in the same branch at nine per cent interest rate ...
HDFC Bank is not mulling a rate cut on automobile loans offering in the near future, a senior official has said.
UK-based money transfer brand, Xpress Money, on Saturday launched a financial literacy roadshow programme across Andhra Pradesh. ...
The yields on government bonds are likely to remain subdued next week, ahead of release of figures for inflation in July.
HDFC Bank is not mulling a rate cut on auto loans offering in the near future, a senior official has said.
Banks are giving preferential treatment to the corporate sector in debt restructuring, and tend to ignore the retail, agriculture ...
Standard Chartered will comply with a New York Department of Financial Services demand that the bank hire an outside monitor to ...
The justice department won’t be pursuing criminal charges against Goldman Sachs or its employees over its “big ...
While the central bank is wary of increase in debt recast by banks and has proposed stringent norms for such activities, K V ...
Global banks that ship increasingly sensitive and sophisticated work overseas to save costs will be forced to step up oversight ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, reported a 137 per cent year-on-year increase in its net profit to Rs ...
Switzerland’s Julius Baer is close to buying Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s private banking units outside the United ...
Barclays, whose top management was toppled amid an interest rate manipulation scandal, on Thursday turned to a former Bank of ...
The system at the centre of the rate-rigging scandal will be overhauled as regulators respond to public anger over the ...
To stabilise fund flows by increasing the share of low-cost deposits, banks are giving cash incentives and recognition ...
The Reserve Bank of India has told banks to replace the current practice of opening no-frills accounts for those who can’t ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, managed to beat earnings estimates but that’s the last thing on ...
Credit cards’ numbers have grown for a fourth consecutive month, with banks issuing about 113,000 in June.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will stick to the present market-borrowing calendar (April-September) for now, as there was still ...
State-run lenders Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Central Bank of India will jointly set up a bank in Mozambique by the end of ...
The Wholesale Debt Market (WDM) segment of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) today witnessed a total turnover of Rs 1,794 crore ...
In line with listless trading in stocks, the rupee today ended flat at 55.28 against the US dollar on alternate bouts of buying ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sold only a net $50 million in June, compared with $485 million in the previous month, data from ...
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, beat street expectations as its net profit surged for the second consecutive ...
State Bank of India (SBI) shares fell 4.3 per cent on Thursday, its biggest single-day percentage fall since June 18, on concerns ...
Banks have been seeing a slide in current account deposits, where businesses park funds but don’t get interest.
The meeting comes when the country is faced with slowing growth and drought in some parts.
And, fiscal and monetary space is ...
Micro lenders seem discontented with the relaxations offered by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on the functioning of non-banking ...
Defaults and restructuring of short-term debt in the past couple of months have raised concerns over companies’ liquidity ...
If everything goes well, Haryana could very soon boast of bank branches within a radius of every 5 Km to bring the rural masses ...
Public sector Punjab National Bank (PNB) today ruled out any reduction in lending rates for now in the wake of high inflation and ...
Reuters Market Eye - Rupee falls from sessions highs to trade at 55.30/31, though still higher than its 55.42/43 close on ...
Assam has sought financial assistance from the Centre and multilateral funding agency, Asian Development Bank (ADB), for upgrade ...
The Tamil Nadu tourism department is implementing a Rs 450-crore project along with the Asian Development Bank (ADB). In the ...
Two more institutions joined the growing list of analysts expecting sub-six per cent growth for India this financial year, with ...
There might soon be a lesser penalty on customers wishing to surrender traditional insurance policies.
Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank is planning to hit the global capital market with its $500-million medium-term ...
Banks’ loan growth fell by Rs 21,468 crore for the fortnight ended July 27 while deposits went up by 22,200 crore, latest ...
Andhra Pradesh State Cooperative Bank (Apcob), with the support of International Finance Corporation (IFC), will design new ...
Indian Overseas Bank has reduced home loan rates, for loans up to Rs 30 lakh, by 25-100 basis points.
A 50-bps cut in auto loan ...
HDFC Bank — country’s largest credit card issuer — has launched its first co-branded credit card with Jet ...
L Capital Asia, the private equity arm of the world’s biggest luxury products group, Louis Vuitton Moët Hennessy ...
Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited (Cibil), the country’s first credit information company, is planning to expand ...
The All India Bank Employees’ Association (AIBEA), which represents the employees of the public-sector banks, has ...
Multiples Private Equity, a $400-million fund started by Renuka Ramnath, is understood to be close to finalising a Rs 220-crore ...
The norms for selecting public sector banks’ chiefs are likely to be tweaked again.
The finance ministry has proposed to ...
Standard Chartered Plc Chief Executive Officer Peter Sands hit back at a New York regulator’s claims the lender broke US ...
There might soon be a lesser penalty on customers wishing to surrender traditional insurance policies.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has sanctioned a loan of Rs 1,098 crore to the Rajasthan ...
Major banks, which often band together when facing government scrutiny, are now turning on one another as an international ...
Jim O’Neill ushered in a decade-long investment boom in 2001 when he coined the term BRICs for the largest emerging ...
The public sector bank, Punjab National Bank (PNB), has launched a nationwide campaign to mop up low-cost funds from retail ...
Outsourcing of key oversight jobs by global banks to India has come under the scanner for the second time in less than a month ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday said Indian lenders are resilient enough to weather the pressure on farm loans caused by ...
Most of these loans were given to the state electricity boards (SEBs) but were restructured after the boards failed to repay.
Top appointments in public sector banks are expected to be reviewed by the new finance minister, P Chidambaram.
Losses due to banking fraud have gone up sharply by 88 per cent in 2010-11, CBI director A P Singh said on Tuesday.
State Bank of India is closing its one-time settlement (OTS) scheme for bad loans of small, micro and medium enterprises due to ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) will recruit 2,500 persons this year in the clerical cadre for all its branches.
Led by State Bank of India — the country’s largest lender — banks have asked the Reserve Bank of India to ...
Rating agency CRISIL has downgraded ratings on the bank facilities of Lanco Infratech Ltd (LITL) to “BB’ from ...
Jet Airways and HDFC Bank today launched a co-branded credit card, which offers a slew of benefits and rewards to frequent flyers ...
The Reserve Bank today said Indian lenders are resilient enough to weather the pressure on farm loans caused by drought like ...
Standard Chartered Plc conducted $250 billion worth of transactions with Iranian entities over more than seven years in violation ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed banks to lend to telecom companies using spectrum as collateral, though on
Private sector lenders have turned down the finance ministry’s proposal that banks form a group and enter into a joint ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Monday met Finance Minister P Chidambaram and discussed the macro-economic ...
Andhra Bank registered a decline of 6 per cent in net profit for the first quarter ending June 30, 2012, to Rs 361.83 crore from ...
In a bid to give more options in long-term investments and to hedge interest rate risks for life insurance companies, the ...
The government seems to have learnt a lesson or two from private sector banks.
In a bid to bring in more efficiency in the ...
In a bid to give more options in long-term investments and to hedge interest rate risks for life insurance companies, the ...
Andhra Bank today said its net profit declined by 6.19% to Rs 362 crore for the quarter ended June 30 due to high deposit cost ...
Rupee likely to open higher with positive U.S. jobs data boosting risk sentiment with Asian shares and euro gains, says dealers.
The rupee is expected to open higher against the dollar, as the US employment data released late last week raised hopes for ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is set to allow equity exposure of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) in ...
Muthoot Capital Services Limited has reported a two-fold increase in its net profit, to Rs 4.93 crore as compared with Rs 2.35 ...
Yield on 10-year benchmark government securities is likely to harden in the coming weeks after the Reserve Bank reduced the ...
A 30-year-old former Barclays Plc swaps trader in New York, who was fired from the bank in 2010, is among those drawing scrutiny ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Saturday said the government might have to reduce its stake in public sector ...
State-run UCO Bank on Saturday stated its net profit for the quarter ended June rose 24 per cent year-on-year to Rs 362 crore. ...
Government may look at reducing its stake in public sector banks as one of the options to meet capital requirements norms under ...
SKS Microfinance Limited, the only publicly-listed microfinance institution in the country, reported a net loss of Rs 38.83 crore ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.3 billion to $288 billion over the week ended July 27.
The Reserve Bank of India on Friday ...
State-run United Bank of India on Friday said its net profit for the quarter ended June 30, expanded 31 per cent from a year ago ...
City Union Bank has posted net profit of Rs 73.89 crore during the first quarter of the current financial year as compared with ...
India’s top three private banks — Axis Bank, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank — would need about Rs 70,000 crore ($12.5 ...
Bank of India on Friday said it planned to shift focus from large and mid-corporates to retail as well as small and medium ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao said a goal of the regulator and the banking industry was to make the country a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday offered relief to stressed microfinance companies, especially those in Andhra Pradesh, ...
Moneylenders are back in the villages of Andhra Pradesh, grabbing the space vacated by microfinance institutions following the ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI) will be setting up 250 more branches and 2,000 ATMs across the country in the current ...
Ratings agency Fitch today said the top three private sector lenders--ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank--will require close to ...
Penetration of ATMs in the country is still very low compared to other emerging markets even as the number of automated teller ...
Indian banks are likely to move to actual dealt rates on a trading platform to determine overnight interbank lending rates, as ...
Market participants said the central bank’s hawkish stance and the reduction in the Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) ...
State Bank of India has reduced its home loan growth target for the financial year.
The lender also cut interest rates on ...
The aim is to promote exports of Aysuh products through a cluster approach, according to Exim Bank officials.
The European Central Bank is ready to make purchases of government bonds in league with Europe’s bailout fund, the ...
Loans against gold jewellery – a forte of non-banking finance companies (NBFC) and some south-based private banks till now ...
Deficient rains and a slump in business growth adversely hit the asset quality of banks in the quarter ended June.
The gross ...
Riding on the success of State Bank of India’s medium-term notes issue, EXIM Bank also successfully completed a ...
Public sector lender Indian Overseas Bank, whose Tier-I capital fell below eight per cent at the end of the first quarter, will ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) on Thursday reduced interest rates under its special refinance scheme for poorer people in urban ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today lowered interest rates on domestic term deposits of maturity of five years and more by 0.25% to ...

YES Bank, the fourth largest private sector lender in the country, today said it has raised syndicated loans of $155 million and ...
Non-life insurer SBI General Insurance on Wednesday announced the appointment of Bhaskar Jyoti Sarma as managing director and ...
Reliance Capital Trustee Co Ltd, through Reliance Vision Fund, has acquired 1.8 million shares in TVS Motors Company Ltd, through ...
The government didn’t follow the central bank’s lead this April in needed policy, said Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
As part of its derisking strategy, Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company (CIFC) is planning to enter new areas including ...
The electronic payment (e-payment) was rolled out jointly by the state finance department and Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Star Health and Allied Insurance, backed by Sequoia Capital and ICICI Venture, is in talks with private equity (PE) players to ...
The business process outsourcing (BPO) sector in India has been hitting the headlines due to proposed private equity transactions ...
Private equity players might be forced to dilute shareholder agreements (SHAs) with listed firms and their promoters, following a ...
On the day P Chidambaram took charge as the Union finance minister, the country’s largest lender, State Bank of India ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has formed a committee to review short-term co-operative credit structures.
The panel will ...
Standard Chartered Bank on Wednesday said its pre-tax profit from India operations in the first six months this year declined 18 ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has earned a net profit of Rs 181.44 crore in the April–June period of the current financial ...
More to come..
The National Buildings Organisation (NBO) under Union ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation, engaged in the ...
Morgan Stanley has bought shares worth around Rs 40.39 crore in Murugappa Group's NBFC Cholamandalam Investment and Finance ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has agreed to review the revised priority sector lending targets with an “open mind” ...
Even though the final guidelines on priority sector lending (PSL) was released over a fortnight ago, the Reserve Bank today said ...
Indian banks are hesitant to cut lending rates immediately, citing muted credit growth and stiff competition for deposits, even ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged on Tuesday for the second straight review, showing that bringing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since June, in line with expectations, ...
Planning Commission today said that RBI has taken a cautious stance due to sticky inflation in its quarterly review of monetary ...
Justifying the decision of the Reserve Bank to keep key policy rates unchanged to check inflation, Prime Minister's economic ...
India's core inflation momentum is rising, the Reserve Bank of India Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said in a news conference after ...
The Reserve Bank of India has scope to cut interest rates during this calendar year, Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said in a news ...
State Bank of India, the country's top lender, expects retail lending costs to come down after the central bank cut the minimum ...
Any cuts in lending rates by Indian banks will depend on credit pickup and overall liquidity situation, even after the central ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Tuesday it will allow companies to keep all of their foreign exchange earnings while also ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since June, in line with expectations, while ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since June, in line with expectations, while ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since June, in line with expectations, while ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since June, in line with expectations, while ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since June, in line with expectations, while ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since June, in line with expectations, while ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged for  the second time since June, in line with expectations, while ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to leave interest rates unchanged on Tuesday, seeing high inflation as a bigger ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to leave interest rates unchanged on Tuesday, seeing high inflation as a bigger ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said that the outlook for the Indian economy remained weak, indicated by lowered growth ...
Flow of credit to the commercial sector from sources other than banks doubled in the first quarter of the current financial year, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said moderation in sales growth and the declining profitability in India Inc were ...
Envoys for Greece’s international lenders have extended their mission to Athens indefinitely, a Finance Ministry official ...
Profit at HSBC Holdings dropped nearly 9 per cent in the first half of the year, as the big bank deals with the fallout from a ...
At a time when the the Indian information technology (IT) services industry is facing the heat of the global slowdown in the ...
Open market operations (OMOs) are not intended to reduce the cost of borrowing for the government but are monetary instruments to ...
Syndicate Bank on Monday reported a 28.28 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 440 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank reported five per cent rise in net profit, at Rs 370 crore, in the first quarter ended June ...
State-run Allahabad Bank on Monday said its net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, expanded 23 per cent from a year ago ...
The Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has posted an increase of 13.5 per cent in net profit at Rs 233.43 crore for the quarter ended ...
Bank of Baroda recorded 10.3 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 1,139 crore for the quarter ended June, owing to good growth in ...
The Small Industries and Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has projected a 17 per cent growth in the micro, small and medium ...
Gilt funds were the best performers across the 22 mutual fund categories for the quarter ended June, according to a CRISIL Mutual ...
Deutsche Bank has appointed Ravneet Gill as chief executive of its operations in India.
Gill will also become a member of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised a red flag over the sharp increase in the country’s external debt and emphasised ...
India is discomfortingly slipping into prolonged period of below potential growth and persistently elevated inflation.
While ...
Banking transactions through mobile phones more than trebled to Rs 286 crore during May, on account of a higher number of users ...
Shriram City Union Finance Ltd (SCUFL) is planning to issue non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of about Rs 250 crore, with an ...
Defying the impact of economic slowdown, several banks including HDFC Bank, Bank of India, Union Bank of India posted ...
Banking transactions through mobile phones have more than trebled to Rs 286 crore during May on account of a higher number of ...
An Andhra Pradesh Law, said to be the root cause of the collapse of microfinance in India and the state in particular, has no ...
Mortgage lender Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) today announced 25 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 1,276 crore on a ...
Middle India is gaining popularity among foreign banks in the country.
It is partly due to regulatory compulsion but also because ...
After three years of the most terrible publicity this side of Jerry Sandusky, things have been looking up recently for Goldman ...
Sanford “Sandy” Weill’s call this week for breaking up large banks revived debate in Washington over ...
In yet another directive to public sector banks, the finance ministry has asked the lenders to change the way they conduct their ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank on Saturday reported a 62.5 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 24.03 crore for the quarter ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank on Friday surpassed State Bank of India (SBI) as the country's most valued bank, in terms of ...
Banking stocks have been beaten down through the week, with the BSE Bankex falling 3.6 per cent.
The public sector banks have ...
A rise in bad loans and provisioning for non-performing assets (NPAs) resulted in two large public sector lenders, Punjab ...
ICICI Bank on Friday said its standalone net profit for the quarter ended June 30 expanded 36 per cent to Rs 1,815 crore from Rs ...
State Bank of India Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri said he expected the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut banks’ cash reserve ...
The rupee rose for a second successive session on Friday as local shares rallied in line with overnight gains in risk assets ...
State Bank of India's asset quality is improving compared to last year, Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri said on the sidelines of a news ...
It had posted a net profit of Rs 168.09 crore in the April-June quarter a year ago, the bank said in a BSE filing.
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has raised $1.25 billion from investors abroad at 4.125 per cent, ...
To boost the micro insurance sector, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has proposed to allow broadening ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs)’ deluge of problems, it seems, is never-ending. Experts have said stress building in rural ...
Uttar Pradesh, which is aimimg to attract investment to the tune of about Rs 16 lakh crore during the current 12th Plan ...
ECB President Mario Draghi signalled that officials are prepared to do whatever is needed to preserve the euro.
“To the ...
As the southwest monsoon remains deficient in some parts of the country, raising the spectre of drought, the government is ...
Non-banking finance company, Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC), is planning to expand its presence in the rural markets ...
To boost the micro insurance sector, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has proposed to allow broadening ...
Lloyds Banking Group has received subpoenas from government agencies investigating interest rate rigging, dragging the biggest ...
Foreign fund Macquarie Bank today offloaded a total of 1.24 crore shares in six companies including MTNL, BEML and Orchid ...
Lower provisioning and a modest growth in net interest income helped Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank register ...
Private sector lender YES Bank said its net profit for the quarter ended June 30 grew 34.3 per cent year-on-year to Rs 290 crore, ...
Bank credit shrank by Rs 36,400 crore in the fortnight ended July 13, the first fortnight after the quarter ended June.
Clearing the decks for the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) to come out with initial public offering ...
Overnight call money rates on Wednesday fell below the policy rate, or the rate at which banks borrow from the Reserve Bank of ...
After two years of negotiations, the Reserve Bank of India is set to allow HSBC to acquire 23 of the 31 branches in India of ...
China might refrain from stepping up its monetary stimulus or increasing spending because measures now in place are sufficient to ...
To increase exposure in research and development, the Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has decided to utilise Rs ...
Qualcomm Ventures, the venture capital arm of chip maker Qualcomm, plans to increase the pace of its investments in India.
The ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might ease some norms for microfinance companies to ease the burden of provisioning in the Andhra ...
India's wellness industry has been a lucrative investment destination for private equity (PE) funds during the last few years and ...
PTI Fitch on Wednesday said RBI proposals on treatment of restructured loans would increase transparency and be positive for the ...
Small Industries and Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has projected 17 per cent growth in micro, small and medium enterprises ...
Polaris Financial Technology on Wednesday said Uganda-based Housing Finance Bank has chosen it to deploy Polaris core banking ...
It had posted a net profit of Rs 64.28 crore for the same quarter last fiscal, SBM said in a filing to the BSE.
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) today said bad loans of Indian banks may increase further due to ...
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) has reported a net profit of Rs168 crore for the quarter ended June, a 31 per cent rise ...
LIC Housing Finance on Tuesday said its net profit for the quarter ended June 30 fell 11 per cent to Rs228 crore from Rs257 crore ...
Bangalore-based private sector lender ING Vysya Bank Ltd on Tuesday reported a 38.4 per cent rise in net profit to Rs130.1 crore ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank on Tuesday reported a 6.7 per cent rise in net profit to Rs775 crore for the ...
Gautam Bhandari, the India head of Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners (MSIP), is set to leave the company.
According to ...
Foreign banks with limited branch presence in the country have witnessed a sharp decline in their earnings.
Revenues have ...
In the draft guidelines on health insurance announced by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) in May, ...
Just two years after its launch, the base rate — the benchmark reference rate for all bank loans — has come under the ...
Six British Asians have been convicted of offences relating to insider dealing ring that made a profit of over £730,000 ...
In the draft guidelines on health insurance announced by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) in May, ...
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 353 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal, Shriram Transport ...
The rupee fell on Tuesday to its lowest this month, as worries about the euro zone crisis continues to hit global risk assets ...
The new corporate debt recast (CDR) norms issued by the Reserve Bank last week will have a massive impact on the profitability of ...
Indian Bank has reported a 13.5 per cent growth in net profit during the first quarter ended June 30, to Rs 462 crore, compared ...
The International Finance Corporation (IFC), a members of the World Bank Group, is considering $170 million loan to Gujarat ...
Large foreign banks in the country are grappling with the revised priority sector lending targets as these lenders do not have ...
Within the next two years, the number of cases referred for debt restructuring might go up substantially, with the Reserve Bank ...
An agent of a Mumbai-based private life insurance company was jolted when his employer asked him to refund a part of the ...
Any company planning to undertake factoring business will have to register itself as an ‘NBFC-Factor’ with the ...
Banks need not classify hedging of derivative contracts that are terminated partially or fully as restructured accounts.
The ...
The state finance department has urged all district collectors to take stock of progress made with respect to establishment of ...
The public sector Allahabad Bank is putting its focus on urban financial inclusion, a move likely to expand its ...
An agent of a Mumbai-based private life insurance company was jolted when his employer asked him to refund a part of the ...
State-owned Allahabad Bank today slashed fixed deposit rate by 0.25% for a particular maturity.
Government bond prices are likely to rise tomorrow, as deepening worries over the Euro zone debt crisis might boost the appetite ...
The number of risk managers at Srei Infrastructure Finance has increased by 63 per cent in the last two years and stands at 13. ...
The banking and financial services and insurance (BFSI) sector will soon get certified talent for the industry.
Indiabulls Financial Services reported a 20.5 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 267 crore for the first quarter ended June ...
It is an open secret in the banking world: the interest rates for many mortgages and loans are based on a benchmark that is ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) on Friday showed interest in buying government and corporate debt with no tenure or ...
Foreign banks in India and having more than 20 branches are to be treated on a par with domestic banks in priority sector
A public interest litigation (PIL) questioning the regulatory power of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) over cooperative banks has ...
In a move that will make it tougher for companies to restructure debt, a panel set up by the Reserve Bank of India has ...
Rupee/dollar last at 55.21/22 vs 55.12/13 close on Thursday, though trading has been range-bound through most of the session.
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) has started implementing the recommendations of management consultancy Boston Consulting Group (BCG), ...
Public sector banks will not have to focus on their top line growth, as there will be no targets for them to meet credit and ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank on Thursday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended June 30 expanded 6.5 per cent to Rs 443 ...
Reeling under debts, telecom companies have approached the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), seeking relaxation in external borrowing ...
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd has reported 25.3 per cent growth in net profit, at Rs 121 crore, in the June quarter on the back of ...
The so-called domestic systematically important banks (D-SIB) might have to maintain a higher amount of capital to increase their ...
The Reserve Bank will soon launch an e-learning package as well as establish nodal offices for banks to address issues related to ...
Mortgage firm HDFC Ltd today said its paid-up capital has increased to Rs 298.71 crore with allotment of additional shares.
The rupee gained on Thursday as a sharp recovery in the euro prompted foreign banks to sell dollars, while a rise in domestic ...
The Finance Ministry has asked public sector banks not to accept bulk deposits beyond 15% of total deposits to improve ...
Corporation Bank will seek more time from the finance ministry to reduce its bulk deposit base, Ajai Kumar, chairman and managing ...
The finance ministry has reminded public sector banks (PSBs) of restrictions on quotes (indicating interest rates) in auctions ...
Srei BNP Paribas, the 50:50 equipment financing joint venture company between Kolkata-based Srei Group and French financial major ...
Axis Bank said on Wednesday it has launched a mobile phone-based card acceptance service in association with Prizm Payments and ...
HSBC’s India staff has come under the scanner for deficiencies in performing the role of “offshore reviewers” ...
The private equity (PE) industry is planning to approach the market regulator and the government to address anamolies in the new ...
Trivitron Healthcare, the Chennai-based healthcare equipment firm with yearly revenue of about Rs 500 crore, is understood to ...
In a first-of-its kind public offering, Shriram Transport Finance has reserved 80 per cent of its Rs 300-crore non-convertible ...
The city-based small-sized lender Development Credit Bank (DCB) today said it expects 25% growth in advances this fiscal, buoyed ...
Corporation Bank will seek more time from the finance ministry to reduce its bulk deposit base, its chairman and managing ...
Money market participants on Tuesday asked for a relaxation in the foreign exchange norms imposed by the Reserve Bank of India ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India plans to focus on three sectors— retail, agriculture and small and medium ...
The Federal Reserve chairman, Ben S Bernanke, gave no hint that the Fed was any closer to embarking on a new round of economic ...
SKS Microfinance, the only listed microfinance company in the country, on Tuesday said its Rs 165-crore qualified institutional ...
Speaking to a British parliamentary committee on Tuesday, Mervyn A King, governor of the Bank of England, the country’s ...
Axis Bank, the third largest private sector lender in the country, on Tuesday said its net profit for the quarter ended June 30 ...
The global bank HSBC has been used by Mexican drug cartels looking to get cash back into the United States, by Saudi Arabian ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Tuesday said the country should move towards developing and using a producer ...
The finance ministry has slammed the brakes on short-term, unsecured loans of public sector banks.
In a recent communication to ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) is in transition.
With brand-building efforts, a new managing director and chief executive ...
Bajaj Finserv, the Bajaj group's holding company for financial services business, reported a net profit growth of Rs 195 crore ...
Rating agency Icra has revised the outlook on IFCI's long-term bonds and bank borrowings from stable to negative.
It, however, ...
Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao today proposed a producers price index saying that the present structure of measuring inflation ...
Public sector bank employees will go on a two-day nation-wide strike from July 25 to protest against government's moves to grant ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday cut India’s economic growth estimate from 6.8 per cent to 6.1 per cent in ...
Yields on government bonds eased on Monday, owing to lower-than-expected inflation.
Inflation, as measured by the wholesale price ...
Insurers may be burning their fingers in urban health portfolios for some time now, but the government’s rural healthcare ...
Fitch Ratings on Monday said there was more pain in store for India’s infrastructure projects, already reeling under delays ...
The differences of opinion with the government were only “natural” and the Reserve Bank of India and the government ...
Standard Chartered Bank, the largest foreign bank in the country in terms of branch presence, has sold Rs 900-1,000 crore of ...
Fifty-six per cent of Indians who file tax returns late are below 30 years of age, according to a report of Delhi-based e-return ...
South Indian Bank on Monday said it would raise up to Rs 500 crore through private placement of shares.
The board decided to ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) clocked a net profit of Rs 123 crore for the first quarter, as against Rs 82.5 crore for ...
Air India Ltd, which got a government bailout to avoid bankruptcy this year, is planning its biggest bond sale to refinance ...
The prospects of monetary easing this month remain dim.
But the liquidity situation indicates banks could pass on the benefits if ...
In a periodic update of its economic forecast, the Washington-based institution warned that the measures taken in Europe have not ...
Jerry del Missier, a former senior Barclays executive, faced tough questioning on Monday about his role in the bank’s ...
National Bulk Handling Corporation (NBHC), the warehousing and collateral management arm of Financial Technologies, has signed a ...
Headline as well as consumer price inflation was way above the Reserve Bank of India’s comfort level, Governor D Subbarao ...
The rupee fell for the seventh session in nine on Monday, tracking declines in domestic shares after data showing steady core ...
Global banking giant Citi has turned to the social media to gauge the public mood on offering banking transactions through ...
LIC Housing Finance Limited (LIC HFL) is planning to launch its qualified institutional placement (QIP), issuing 46 million fresh ...
Publication of a Timothy Geithner memo has put the Bank of England in a tight spot.
Geithner, then president of the New York ...
The small units-focused lender Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is ready to fund domestic MSMEs to acquire ...
Procter & Gamble is a hulking target for an uppity investor like Bill Ackman.
Typical activist tactics like a breakup ...
The rupee is expected to retain the current level with the help of foreign fund inflows in the medium term, as narrowing trade ...
Global banking giant Citi has turned to the social media to gauge the public mood on offering banking transactions through ...
Terming the impact of RBI's decision to deregulate savings accounts rates last year as "insignificant" for HDFC Bank, ...
Rejecting across the board restructuring of loans for the cash-starved textile sector, the Reserve Bank has asked banks to ...
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York learned in April 2008, as the financial crisis was brewing, that at least one bank was ...
JPMorgan Chase disclosed on Friday that losses on its botched credit bet could climb to more than $7 billion and that the bank's ...
U.K. government bonds gained for a second week and the pound strengthened versus the euro amid signs the euro-region debt crisis ...
JPMorgan Chase on Friday reported a second-quarter profit of $5 billion, down 9 per cent, despite continuing losses from a ...
The Bank of England released emails on Friday detailing conversations about the setting of key interest rates in 2008 with ...
Essar Power is in talks with lenders to re-structure the principal debt of its coastal Gujarat power project in Salaya, bankers ...
The rupee strengthened the most in almost two weeks on speculation the central bank will join policy makers worldwide in taking ...
HDFC Bank, the country’s second largest in the private sector, has reported a 30.6 per cent increase in net profit to Rs ...
SKS Microfinance Ltd on Friday announced the launch of its qualified institutional placement issue at a floor price of Rs 75.40 ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest insurer, has raised its stake in Infosys to 6.3 per cent, ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have cut exposure in two leading private lenders, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank, but have ...
Rupee extends rise to 55.38/40 from previous 55.93/94 close.
Domestic stocks and emerging Asian FX gain after China posted GDP in ...
The rupee trimmed early gains against dollar but was still trading higher by 31 paise at 55.63 a dollar on selling by banks and ...
Investment banker Manisha Girotra will head the Indian operations of Moelis and Company, a global independent investment bank ...
The verdict is out: Unit-linked insurance policies, or Ulips, are no more catching customers’ fancy.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to introduce financial products with returns that match the earnings from gold ...
Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao on Thursday said it was possible that subsidised agricultural credit is being diverted for other ...
While bad loans pile up on the books of banks, getting equity assistance for revival and turnaround of units is becoming more ...
The uneasy relationship between the finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) came out in the open yet again, with RBI ...
Sobha Developers, the publicly-held Bangalore-based real estate developer, has gone to Court against HSBC over restructuring of ...
Banks dealing in foreign exchange will now need not to submit data on non-resident deposits accounts in physical format.
SBI, the lead lender to Kingfisher Airlines, today said it is not for shutting down of the cash-strapped carrier but the lenders ...
With gold imports contributing substantially to India's current account deficit (CAD), an RBI panel is looking into the aspects ...
State Bank of India today said it will launch a marketing campaign for its benchmark bond issue next Monday in Hong Kong, ...
As unemployment climbed and tax revenue fell, the city of Baltimore laid off employees and cut services in the midst of the ...
Heavy dollar buying in the last 30 minutes of trade wiped out the rupee’s gains on Wednesday, as the currency closed 24 ...
Reflecting moderation in economic growth, bank credit rose 16.5 per cent year-on-year in the first quarter of this financial ...
Private sector lender IndusInd bank has reported 31 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 236.26 crore in the quarter ended June on ...
Riding on healthy loan disbursals, Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) on Wednesday reported an 18.6 per cent rise in ...
Credit card issuance has grown for a third month, as banks have started expanding the business aggressively.
Private equity firms are more bullish about investment opportunities in 2012 than they were in 2011, but they don’t expect ...
Indian private equity (PE) players, unable to find right deals in the current economic environment and sitting on a cash pile, ...
Since 2009, a clutch of high-profile fund managers like Renuka Ramnath, Ajay Relan, Subbu Subramaniam and Sumir Chadha quit their ...
The rupee fell on Wednesday, tracking weaker global risk assets such as the euro, though large dollar sales by custodian banks ...
Cholamandalam Finance has infused Rs 60 crore as part of turning around its subsidiary, Cholamandalam Factoring Limited (CFACT). ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will not allow any special dispensation for loans to be restructured by banks for the textile ...
Bankers and representatives of mutual fund and insurance industries on Tuesday raised with two key policy advisors of the ...
Bank aspirants in India Inc have asked for greater clarity on the central bank’s definition of promoters.
The central government is awaiting the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s reply to the department’s proposal to float post ...
Janalakshmi Financial Services (JFS), the Bangalore-based Microfinance Institution (MFI) promoted by Ramesh Ramanathan, has ...
Insurance Australia Group is increasing its presence in Asia including India in a bid to generate 10 per cent of its business ...
The Reserve Bank of India sold a record $10.3 billion in the forward market in May to curb volatility in the rupee, which has ...
Robert E Diamond Jr, the former chief executive of Barclays, will forgo deferred stock bonuses of up to $31 million, as the ...
Large foreign banks in the country appear to have weathered the economic slowdown with strong growth in earnings, but Standard ...
Insurance Australia Group is increasing its presence in Asia including India in a bid to generate 10 per cent of its business ...
Dismissing concerns of rising bad loans, ICICI Bank Managing Director and CEO Chanda Kochhar today said that banking sector ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor H R Khan on Monday said the central bank would announce open market operations (OMOs) ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd (IDFC) has sold a part of its holding in the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The ...
Amid instances of counterfeiting of notes, the Reserve Bank on Monday said it was working on launching plastic currency and would ...
Bankers have asked state electricity boards to increase power rates and cut leakages.
The direction was given to ensure that the ...
India has offered amnesty to more than 100 wealthy citizens who evaded taxes by hiding funds in accounts at HSBC Holdings Plc ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on banks for not cutting interest rates, despite a reduction in the policy ...
On the backdrop of a slowing in GDP growth and policy uncertainty, Infrastructure Development Finance Company , the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has set a cap on merchant discount rates,or usage fees, for debit card transactions from September 1 to ...
Top bankers and representatives from the mutual fund industry will meet C Rangarajan, chairman of the Prime Minister’s ...
With the dip in pace of credit offtake reflecting economic slowdown, banks are expected to report moderate growth in net interest ...
Political leaders focused their attention on what senior officials knew about the Barclays’ rate manipulation scandal after ...
The rupee slid fell to its lowest in more than a week on Monday after data showing a fall in inflation in China and ...
Amid instances of counterfeiting of notes, the Reserve Bank today said it is working on launching plastic currency and will soon ...
Also, the share of foreign client assets in Swiss banks dropped to 51% of their total asset under management at the end of 2011 ...
MARKET EYE - USD/INR likely to extend gains for a fourth straight session tracking risk aversion on tepid U.S.
MARKET EYE - USD/INR likely to extend gains for a fourth straight session tracking risk aversion on tepid U.S.
India Inc’s excess cash, which used to fetch double-digit returns if deposited in banks until recently, is finding very few ...
It was big news when the Barclays chairman, Marcus Agius, resigned Monday over his bank’s role in the Libor rate-fixing ...
Corporate debt restructuring (CDR), which has already seen a five-fold jump in the first quarter of the financial year, is set to ...
After a flip-flop over instructions to public sector banks regarding the cap on corporate bulk deposits, the finance ministry has ...
Top bankers of the country will meet Reserve Bank of India officials on Monday, ahead of the first-quarter review of the monetary ...
The yields on government bonds are expected to move up, as markets do not expect any open market operations (OMOs) from the ...
Barclays Plc was sued by an investor who claimed her futures-trading business was harmed by the bank's admitted manipulation of ...
UK government bonds rose, snapping a four-week decline, as the Bank of England voted to expand its asset-purchase program by ...
The Philippine peso led gains in Asian currencies this week on optimism central banks in the world's biggest economies will boost ...
Union Bank of India would install 100 ‘talking’ automated teller machines (ATMs) this financial year to enable the ...
Bankers have asked for revaluation of the Kingfisher Airlines brand, pledged with them by the airline’s promoters in 2010. ...
Expanding its area of operations beyond financing to micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in the country, Small Industries ...
Insurers need to look beyond national boundaries and expand their operations abroad, Sudhin Roy Chowdhury, member (life) of the ...
Indian companies raised $3.37 billion (Rs 18,630 crore) through external commercial borrowing (ECB) in May, to fund ...
The rupee fell against the dollar for a third session, tracking weakness in the euro and in Asian currencies.
Economists said ...
Insurers need to look beyond national boundaries and expand their operations abroad, Sudhin Roy Chowdhury, member (life) of the ...
Weaker global risk assets sent the rupee lower for a third straight session on Friday, sparking an unexpected intervention from ...
Euro struggled at five-week lows on the greenback and life-time troughs against commodity currencies like the Australian dollar ...
Premiums for Air India's annual insurance policy, coming for renewal on October 1, are likely to go up marginally to around $30 ...
Nearly five million debtors have defaulted in repaying loans totalling a little more than Rs 1 lakh crore from various ...
Banks that had borrowed aggressively from the Reserve Bank of India on the first two days of the week had to then park their ...
Even after entering a rate reversal cycle, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is refusing to give up on its fight against inflation. ...
With the European Central Bank cutting its main interest rate to a record low of 0.75 per cent — a decision that weakened ...
The amount of Rs 1,813 is lying unclaimed in the account of Dr Prasad in the Punjab National Bank’s Exhibition Road branch, ...
Global central banks went on the offensive against the faltering world economy, cutting interest rates and increasing bond buying ...
It also revised the norms for pricing of buyback transaction.
The buyback value of FCCBs “shall be at a minimum discount of ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank has reorganised its corporate banking business to rationalise operations.
It has merged large ...
Bank of India (BoI) today slashed interest rate on fixed deposits by 0.25 per cent on select maturities while Union Bank of India ...
Bank of India (BoI) today slashed interest rate on fixed deposits by 0.25% on select maturities.
The Central Board of the Reserve Bank of India met here today to review the key economic, monetary and financial developments.
After a good show in the first quarter AUM numbers, SBI Mutual Fund today said it is hopeful of maintaining the momentum in the ...
In an effort to boost credit flow to agriculture, Union Bank of India today announced interest rate cut for various categories ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank has reorganised its corporate banking business to rationalise operations.
It has merged large ...
Federal regulators released so-called living wills on Tuesday for nine of the nation’s largest banks — blueprints for ...
Bond yields fell for a second session on Wednesday on hopes of strong demand from foreign investors at an auction to sell new ...
Robert E Diamond Jr, the chief executive of Barclays, resigned on Tuesday, less than a week after the British bank agreed to pay ...
According to investment bankers close to Century, Fortress had invested through convertible instruments.
It has now indicated ...
For a continent that accounts for 10 per cent of the world’s oil, 90 per cent of platinum group metals, 60 per cent of ...
The draft guidelines of the Income Tax Department on the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (GAAR) have stumped private equity (PE) ...
Just two days after asking public sector banks (PSBs) to reduce the proportion of bulk deposits and certificates of deposit (CDs) ...
The rupee snapped four-day gains to close 0.2 per cent lower on Wednesday due to profit-booking by traders and high dollar demand ...
The liquidity management activity of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not related to exchange rate movements, its deputy ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to relax some of the norms pertaining to microfinance institutions’ net worth, ...
The Boston-based State Street Corporation is in talks with India’s largest private lender, ICICI Bank, for a partnership in ...
At a time when the Competition Commission of India has come down hard on 11 cement companies for what it termed “price ...
Tamil Nadu has shown resilience during bad times, mainly due to its diversification.
This is a good example of diversification
...
State Bank of India (SBI) today launched a new service that will facilitate filing Income Tax returns online.
Kerala-based Federal Bank today said it has tied up with Samba, one of the largest banks in Saudi Arabia, for disposal of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI’s) Governor Duvvuri Subbarao today said that there is a disappointingly large number of ...
The rupee snapped a four-day winning streak on Wednesday on the back of dollar demand from oil firms and tracking a slump in ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) in the country can breathe easy as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to relax some of ...
Axis Bank today said it has entered into a tie-up with UAE Exchange and Financial Services to launch inward remittances through ...
The Reserve Bank today said reduction in merchant discount rate (MDR) for purchases made by debit card payment to 0.75-1%, which ...
Reuters Market Eye - The rupee falls further to 54.64/65 versus its 54.36/37 close on Tuesday as domestic shares give up gains ...
The rupee is trading at 54.51/52 versus its 54.36/37 close on Tuesday as global risk assets cede some ground on a session marked ...
High interest rate is hurting the common man and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should cut interest rate gradually to spur ...
After getting a new lease of life in the form of debt recast, India's oldest micro-lender, Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance (BSFL), is ...
Private sector lender Ratnakar Bank on Tuesday said its net profit surged 112 per cent in 2011-12 to Rs 66 crore, driven by ...
Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd, also known as MahaViataran, which has a consumer base of 19.5 million, is on ...
The Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has got shareholder approval to raise a little over Rs 400 crore.
The bank has various options ...
The rupee has gained about five per cent against the dollar in just four days because of strong foreign fund inflows ahead of ...
The spotlight in the European debt crisis has now shifted decisively toward the influential leader of the European Central Bank, ...
Fresh details about the case show how Robert E Diamond Jr, the outgoing chief executive of Barclays, and other senior executives ...
Robert E Diamond Jr, the chief executive of Barclays, resigned on Tuesday, less than a week after the British bank agreed to pay ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi), was working on development initiatives for the benefit of micro, small ...
Industry body Assocham on Tuesday asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to allow further relaxations in the external commercial ...
Citibank on Tuesday said its profit after tax from India business expanded 35 per cent in 2011-12 to Rs 1,922 crore from Rs 1,424 ...
The prolonged economic slowdown is sending more companies to debt restructuring.
Credit card users should pay their bills first and then lodge the complaint in case of a dispute with the card provider, said ...
In order to attract new customers, State Bank of India (SBI) has done away with minimum balance criteria for saving banks
State-owned banking giant SBI is planning to raise up to $2 billion in overseas borrowings through dollar-denominated bonds and ...
HDFC Bank—India’s second largest private sector bank— has rolled out its exclusive range of credit cards for ...
State-run banks have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to consider perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (PNCPS) as part ...
Marcus Agius, the chairman of Barclays, resigned on Monday, less than a week after the big British bank agreed to pay $450 ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) on Monday announced formation of an Indian Mortgage Guarantee Company, a joint venture with ...
The proposed Basel-III capital norms have prompted several mid- and small-sized private banks in the country to go for a ...
Factors such as policy actions aimed at growth revival, better outlook on growth and inflation and easing of the current account ...
Traders, stung by the rupee’s volatility, are increasingly using as benchmark the reference rate declared by the Reserve ...
Don’t be surprised if an insurance agent walks into your home with a ‘tablet’ in his hand and offers a life ...
State Bank of India planned to raise at least $500 million through a five-year foreign bond sale as soon as this month, two ...
Don’t be surprised if an insurance agent walks into your home with a ‘tablet’ in his hand and offers a life ...
State Bank of India aims to raise at least $500 million through a five-year overseas bond sale as soon as this month, two sources ...
Punjab National Bank today revised its deposit rates downwards on Foreign Currency Non-Resident (FCNR) accounts with maturity of ...
Reuters Market Eye - The rupee is trading at 55.63/64 versus previous close of 55.6050/6150. In early trade, the USD/INR had ...
The rain gods have not been favourable so far, raising doubts on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s ability to cut rates to ...
The total deposits of the banks in Tamil Nadu rose 30.65 per cent during the year-ended March 31, 2012, touching Rs 4,29,072.09 ...
Allahabad Bank is planning to increase its footprint in South India by opening 100 of the 250 branches proposed for the current ...
Public sector Indian Bank today revised interest rates for Foreign Currency Non-resident (Banking) accounts with immediate
The State Bank of India (SBI) on Saturday raised interest rate by 25 basis points (bps) for deposits with maturity of three to ...
In a surprise move, country's largest bank SBI today increased interest rates on select fixed deposits by 0.25 per cent.
The Centre’s fiscal deficit stood at Rs 141,587 crore in the first two months of 2012-13, constituting 27.6 per cent of the ...
In order to lend a helping hand to the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) sector, which is under enormous stress, the ...
Bank loans to the industrial sector registered slower growth in May, compared with the same period of the previous year, due to ...
Favourable factors on domestic and global fronts took the rupee back to a two-week high on Friday.
The rupee recorded two per ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, has reduced its lending rates by 20 basis points (bps), ...
Electronic transfer of wages to bank accounts of beneficiaries under Central flagship programme - Mahatma Gandhi National ...
HDFC Bank has decided to cut its benchmark lending rate by 0.2%, making loans cheaper for borrowers.
Indian Overseas Bank today said it is "waiting for the right time" on its proposal to raise funds of $500 million ...
State-owned Dena Bank today said it has raised Rs 850 crore from bonds to fund business growth.
The rupee strengthened on Friday after the government confirmed it won't impose retroactive taxes on foreign investors and as ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are in discussions to create a fund to bail out companies facing headwinds in ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao has ruled out the possibility of a fiscal stimulus, noting the Budgetary deficit ...
The deleveraging induced by new capital and liquidity standards might hit the availability of funds for trade and infrastructure ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised concern on the rapid growth of gold loan companies, as the high dependency of these ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said “interconnectedness” among banks had risen in the last financial ...
Though various policy decisions have been taken by the government to provide relief to ailing state-owned power distribution ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said the perception of a slowdown in policy making had impacted the foreign exchange ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed concern on banks importing gold coins for retail sales, as households investing in ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has slapped a fine of Rs 1.47 crore on HDFC Life Insurance for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has lashed out at banks for attributing their higher bad loans to a fallout of the automated bad ...
Amid tight regulatory norms set by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) engaged in the gold ...
Losses on JPMorgan Chase’s bungled trade could total as much as $9 billion, far exceeding earlier public estimates, ...
In a statement that might send a shiver down the spine of the state government, a top State Bank of India (SBI) official has said ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has slapped a fine of Rs 1.47 crore on HDFC Life Insurance for ...
Insurance sector regulator Irda today imposed a hefty fine of Rs 1.47 crore on HDFC Life Insurance for violation of various ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor KC Chakrabarty today said educating the common man about the speculative nature of gold investments ...
Innovative service delivery models, including mobile banking and ATMs, and the ability to satisfy customers will drive the growth ...
Deutsche Bank today hiked its deposit rates for domestic and NRE depositors in the range of 1.10-1.40 % for various tenors.
The ability of Indian banks and corporates to borrow overseas could be hit if the country's sovereign rating is downgraded, the ...
The country's largest lender SBI has cut interest rate on loans to exporters by 0.5% within days of the Reserve Bank increasing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said it has decided to phase out short term subordinated debt as an eligible source ...
DBS Bank India unit, arm of DBS of Singapore, has reported a 164 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 335 crore for FY12 from Rs ...
Deposits in the banking system have fallen for the fortnight ended June 15, as lenders continued to shed high-cost deposit while ...
Zee Learn, the education arm of the Subhash Chandra-led Essel Group, plans to take the private equity route to fund its expansion ...
On Monday, Mumbai-based ASK Group announced the final closure of its Rs 1,000-crore domestic realty fund, one the highest mop-ups ...
In May, internet classified company Quikr received $36 million in one of its largest funding rounds.
Private equity (PE) entity ...
TP Raman, managing director of Sundaram Asset Management Company (Sundaram AMC), will be stepping down from his position by the ...
Barclays has agreed to pay more than $450 million to resolve accusations that it attempted to manipulate key interest rates, the ...
Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank (KVGB), the lead regional rural bank covering nine districts of North and Coastal Karnataka has ...
Commercial banks operating in Odisha have found the going tough for doing business with state PSUs.
For the first time since September 2010, the life insurance industry managed to arrest the slide in premium collection in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed Kotak Mahindra Bank time till March 2018 to reduce the promoters’ shareholding ...
The recent relaxation for the raising of funds via external commercial borrowing (ECB) might help only a handful of companies. ...
HSBC is likely to raise up to Rs 2,450 crore by selling its stake in Axis Bank and YES Bank, said senior bankers familiar with ...
For the first time since September 2010, the life insurance industry managed to arrest the slide in premium collection in ...
Deutsche Bank today hiked its deposit rates for domestic and NRE depositors in the range of 1.10-1.40 per cent for various
The Reserve Bank today asked primary dealers to phase out Tier III bonds, a short-term fund raising tool made available to such ...
The rupee fell on Wednesday, staying near record lows, as oil importers stepped up their dollar purchases at the end of the ...
State Bank of India is expected to report a higher than anticipated deterioration in asset quality in its first quarter of FY13 ...
Weaker local currencies are weighing on gold demand from India, the world's largest consumer of the precious metal, and ...
The rupee was under pressure in early trade on Wednesday as traders expect month-end dollar demand from state-run oil refiners ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to clamp down on gold coin sales by banks, amid rising bullion imports adding pressure ...
The total outlay of the State Credit Plan (SCP) for the year 2012-13 has been proposed at Rs 1,10,945 crore, according to BA ...
Not enthused by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) steps unveiled yesterday to attract capital flows, State Bank of India (SBI) ...
State-run UCO Bank needs close to Rs 14,000 crore over the next five years to meet the new Basel-III capital norms, chairman and ...
The move follows yesterday’s enhancement of the FII investment limit in government securities (G-secs) by $5 billion, to ...
India Inc’s problems with the falling rupee are getting deeper.
With almost $5.2 billion or Rs 28,600 crore (at Rs 55/$) of ...
The rupee fell to an intra-day low of 57.2 against the greenback on month-end dollar demand from oil companies.
However, dollar ...
The Reserve Bank offices in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai will remain closed for public transactions on July 2, 2012 on account of ...
State-run UCO Bank needs close to Rs 14,000 crore over the next five years to meet the new Basel III capital norms, its chairman ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) on Monday said it would utilise the Rs 5,000 cr venture fund allocated to ...
The finance ministry has asked the general insurance companies to do away with the policy of under-pricing the risks for the sake ...
Billionaire investor George Soros called on Europe to start a fund to buy Italian and Spanish bonds, warning that a failure by ...
Morgan Stanley is taking its social media experiment to the next level.
Woes of power sector seem to be just growing by days.
Andhra Pradesh based 460 MW Konaseema Gas Power, a project promoted by VBC ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s decision to raise the cap on foreign investment in government bonds failed to cheer the ...
Moody’s Investors Service on Monday said it was maintaining its stable outlook on India.
SKS Microfinance Limited, the only listed microfinance company in the country, has secured employment for 248 displace employees ...
The finance ministry has asked the general insurance companies to do away with the policy of under-pricing the risks for the sake ...
To help small businesses tide over the issue of raising finances, specialised financial institution Sidbi today said it will soon ...
Vijaya Bank has announced opening of 171 ultra small branches in a single day under the Financial Inclusion (FI) villages ...
REUTERS - India took more measures on Monday to bolster a weakening rupee after it hit a record low on Friday, but failed to ...
The rupee weakened further on Monday, erasing all of the session's gains and heading towards a record low, as measures to boost ...
The rupee weakened further on Monday, erasing all of the session's gains and heading towards a record low, as measures to boost ...
Private sector banks have steadily gained market share in saving accounts, even before the central bank freed interest rate for ...
The Reserve Bank of India likely sold dollars via state-run banks starting at around 56.90 rupees to prevent a further slide in ...
The Indian rupee rallied more than 1 percent on Monday on hopes for government measures to halt a slump in the currency, which ...
An organisation that serves as an umbrella for the world’s largest central banks joined a growing list of institutions and ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are set to announce a slew of measures tomorrow to address the sharp rupee ...
For market participants, the level of the rupee does not matter as much as its stability.
While concrete measures are awaited, ...
Asian currencies fell this week, led by India’s rupee and the Malaysian ringgit, as signs the world economy is ...
With rupee touching all-time low of Rs 57.30 to a US dollar, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed state-owned oil ...
Fullerton India Credit Co Ltd, a Temasek-owned non-banking finance company, will rehaul its lending strategy to pare the share of ...
Lenders to the ailing Kingfisher Airlines are to review the status of its account next week, after the company announced losses ...
The rupee plunged the most in nine months to breach the 57-a-dollar mark on concerns that a slow rate of economic growth would ...
SKS Microfinance on Friday said the Andhra Pradesh High Court has issued an interim order suspending the District Rural ...
Moody’s Investors Service suffered a downgrade of its own as markets responded to the company’s rating cuts yesterday ...
Edelweiss Group is planning to infuse around Rs 180 crore equity into its housing finance arm Edelweiss Housing Finance Limited ...
The rupee hit a record low against the dollar for a second consecutive session on Friday and posted its worst weekly fall in nine ...
The rupee hit a record low against the dollar for a second consecutive session on Friday and posted its worst weekly fall in nine ...
The rupee hit a record low against the dollar for a second consecutive session on Friday and posted its worst weekly fall in nine ...
The City Union Bank Limited got its board approval to raise around Rs 350 crore by way of Qualified Institutional Placement
The rupee fell to a record low against the dollar at 56.80 for the second successive session on Friday as risk assets continued ...
Ratings agency Moody’s has placed Tata Power Company's (TPC’s) Ba3 corporate family rating on review for a possible ...
Standard and Poor’s, an international ratings agency, on Thursday said about half of the 48 companies with Foreign Currency ...
The hawkish statement on inflation from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its mid-quarter review of monetary policy has dashed ...
Global risk aversion dragged the rupee to a fresh all-time low of 56.56 on Thursday, as investors shed risky assets and the ...
The rupee fell to a record low against the dollar on Thursday, as the euro and other risk assets were hit by disappointment about ...
The Reserve Bank of India likely sold dollars via state-run banks on Thursday after the rupee came close to hitting a record low ...
The government has appointed a third executive director in large public sector banks (PSBs) such as Punjab National Bank, Bank of ...
The Federal Reserve will expand its program to replace short-term bonds with longer-term debt by $267 billion through the end of ...
The Temasek-owned finance company had revised its business strategy, with increased focus on secured asset classes, tight credit ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday permitted non-banking companies to set up and operate automated teller machines ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will continue with its mid-quarter review of the annual monetary policy for at least a year, it ...
YES Bank is on a hiring spree at the very senior level.
The unexpected pause in the monetary easing cycle has postponed hopes of further rate cuts, jacking up interest rates on ...
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, would cut interest rates on loans for exporters by 25-50 basis points, a ...
Braving regulatory uncertainties, private equity (PE) deals almost doubled in the microfinance sector in India in 2011, with ...
The world was a different place in early 2008.
The mood was bullish in India — over 2005-08, private equity (PE) ...
Though the initial public offering market remains weak and a cause of concern for private equity (PE) investors, Speciality ...
Come October, the life insurance industry may be left with only a handful of products, as the regulator wants companies to ...
Come October, the life insurance industry may be left with only a handful of products, as the regulator wants companies to ...
The rupee weakened for a third consecutive session on Wednesday to end below 56 to the dollar for the first time in June, as ...
The joint ventures (JVs) and subsidiaries of banks might come under the Reserve Bank of India’s purview if a high-level ...
The Reserve Bank on tuesday asked banks to finalise the road map for providing banking services to villages with less than 2,000 ...
Banks are leaving no stone unturned to grab a larger share of deposits flowing in from non-resident Indians (NRIs), with ...
Rates on short-term debt instruments increased on Tuesday as tight liquidity conditions, saw banks raise issuances of ...
The top three private banks in the country — ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank — have rewarded their chief ...
The Odisha government has given its nod for merger of the loss-making Urban Co-operative Bank with Pune-based Cosmos Co-operative ...
Deutsche Bank on Tuesday said its profit after tax from the India business expanded 31 per cent to Rs 823 crore in 2011-12 ...
The moderation in bank lending to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) due to a liquidity squeeze has forced them to opt for ...
The sharp rise in gold imports has drawn the central bank’s attention and it is studying the factors contributing to this.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Tuesday came out with a strong defence of the monetary policy stance announced ...
The Indian government must reduce spending and not just raise taxes for fiscal consolidation, the Reserve Bank of India's ...
The rupee fell for a second session on Tuesday, hitting a 2-1/2 week low at one point, on the back of strong dollar demand from ...
Use of Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act (SRFAESIA), 2002 or ...
There is good news for the MSME sector in Uttarakhand.
The State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest bank, will open an ...
The wait for interest rate cuts will get longer after the central bank opted for status quo in its mid-quarter review of monetary ...
Warren Buffett, whose prediction last year of a housing recovery was premature, is raising his bet on a rebound with his $3.85 ...
REUTERS - The RBI left interest rates and required bank reserves unchanged on Monday, defying widespread expectations for a rate ...
Chief economic adviser Kaushik Basu on Monday said "herd mentality" of ratings agencies led to Fitch's revision of ...
REUTERS - The RBI left interest rates and CRR unchanged on Monday, defying widespread expectations for a rate cut and warning ...
Bankers are not known for their benevolence, especially when it comes to loan recovery or reduction in interest rates.
This is ...
Smartinvestor: Hi, this is Puneet Wadhwa and we have Gaurav Kapur, senior economist, Royal Bank of Scotland with us for an ...
Ahead of the first mid-quarter review of monetary policy by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday, the industry today asked ...
The banks are on high alert.
Hundreds of employees at big firms, some part of special teams, on standby this Sunday, are waiting ...
The head of the European Central Bank and other Euro zone leaders worked on Saturday on a grand vision for the Euro zone meant to ...
The race to Raisina Hill may put a brake on Mamata Banerjee's Ma, Maati, Manush schemes till at least till the next Lok Sabha ...
Pranab Mukherjee first became finance minister on January 15, 1982.
Indira Gandhi, then prime minister, asked him whether he ...
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has finally sanctioned the proposal of allowing foreign direct ...
The high cost of funds could come in the way of effective monetary policy transmission, as bankers may find it difficult to cut ...
RBI Governor Duvvuri Subbarao is expected to go slow on his over two-year-old anti-inflationary posture and unveil a softer ...
Multi-currency travel cards are gaining popularity among Indian travellers, prompting private sector banks to make a dash to ...
State Bank of India’s net interest margins were above the annual guidance of 3.75 per cent in the first two months of the ...
State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, plans to borrow $1 billion to $2 billion from the overseas market in the next ...
The banking sector is likely to witness moderate growth in 2012-13 coupled with downside risks to net interest margins (NIMs) ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) that work outside Andhra Pradesh have registered a growth in loan disbursement, while their ...
Andhra Bank has proposed to open at least five branches in southern Odisha districts, including three in Naxal infested ...
To check the lack of servicing of life insurance policies originally secured by an agent who’s quit his agency with an ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the largest public sector lender in the country, reduced its loan rates for the agriculture and small ...
Days ahead of the RBI reviewing the interest rate, State Bank of India (SBI) today announced cut in lending rates between ...
The rupee rose on Friday helped by positive global cues, though trading could be range-bound as traders await the outcome of ...
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allowing people to receive money more than twice a month from abroad, the companies ...
Eight public sector banks operating in the state have faltered on achieving the Annual Credit Plan (ACP) for 2012-13, having ...
There is good news for farmers in Maharashtra.
Those who are yet to receive funds from cooperative banks can now expect them from ...
As a step to enhance flow of risk capital to Micro, Small and medium enterprises in IT sector, Small Industries Development Bank ...
The Excise and Service Tax Department, which was contemplating imposing service tax on the office of Comptroller and Auditor ...
Even as the deficits on fiscal and current account fronts have been building up, it is highly unlikely that the country could ...
The government, along with major financial regulators — the Reserve Bank of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of ...
Indian banks are unlikely to see a surge in non-performing assets (NPAs) despite uncertainty in the macro-economic environment, ...
Indian companies have raised a whopping Rs 2.54 lakh crore through private placement of debt securities or bonds in 2011-12 ...
The European Central Bank said it can’t release files showing how Greece may have used derivatives to hide its borrowings ...
financial companies on payment of a specified amount and are used for purchasing goods and services from limited outlets.
After raising $4.5 million (Rs 25.08 crore) from Accion and Pragati India fund, microfinance company Saija Finance Ltd is looking ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) heads into it’s mid-term quarterly policy review on Monday, against a fairly challenging ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to cut the policy rate by 25-50 basis points in its mid-quarter monetary policy ...
Foreign brokerage Macquarie on Thursday downgraded the HDFC stock, saying the country’s biggest mortgage lender had used ...
The rupee fell on Thursday, tracking sharp declines in local shares, as the RBI was expected to cut rates less aggressively after ...
Public sector banks employees have threatened to go on a two-day strike on July 25 and 26 against proposed banking law ...
After falling for a fortnight, the growth in bank deposits and advances improved towards the end of the second month of the ...
Venture capitalists, keen to exit their investments in India, would prefer to do so via initial public offerings (IPOs) than rush ...
The consumer story in India makes fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) space an attractive destination for private equity and ...
Despite being one of the leading investors in the e-commerce segment in India, venture capital company Accel Partners says there ...
Mangalore-based Corporation Bank is targeting to grow its total business by over 26 per cent to Rs 3 lakh crore in the current ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon spent much of his time at a hearing where US senators aimed to put ...
The government on Wednesday pulled up state-run insurance companies over mounting losses, and asked them to reorganise their ...
Huge losses during 2011-12 have prompted GIC Re to go for a first: Start performance-based commissions to non-life insurers.
The ...
K C Chakrabarty, deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has got an extension for three more months. ...
The government on Wednesday pulled up state-run insurance companies over mounting losses, and asked them to reorganise their ...
Huge losses during 2011-12 have prompted GIC Re to go for a first: Start performance-based commissions to non-life insurers.
The ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned a loan of Rs 809 crore for irrigation projects in ...
Bank shares gained on Tuesday on the buzz of a reduction in the cash reserve ratio (CRR) by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
We hope the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will continue to ease to support growth on June 18.
Given April 17’s 50-basis point ...
Taking the benefit of high interest rates and a sharp fall in the rupee’s value, non-resident Indians (NRIs) deposited a ...
The rupee fell for a third consecutive session on Tuesday, hitting at one point its lowest against the dollar in more than a ...
The rupee fell past 56 on Tuesday to hit its lowest against the dollar in more than one week as part of a sell-off in global risk ...
India’s uber-rich are now keen to set up private museums to display their treasured asset collections.
High net worth ...
With the takeout financing scheme not taking off as envisaged, the Union finance ministry will take up the issue with bankers ...
Government nominees on the boards of public sector banks, financial institutions and insurance companies might now dominate the ...
The US, European Union (EU) and Japan may fail to fully implement bank-capital rules drawn up to prevent a repeat of the ...
A rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) next week will not be enough to spur banks to lower lending rates immediately, ...
Give us time to digest what you’re dishing out, the life insurance industry is trying to persuade the Insurance Regulatory ...
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh has come down heavily on the political class for what he calls self-induced problems that the Indian ...
With rising uncertainty in global markets and mismatch in pricing expectations, borrowings from abroad by Indian companies fell ...
Give us time to digest what you’re dishing out, the life insurance industry is trying to persuade the Insurance Regulatory ...
Financial market euphoria over a European bailout for Spain’s debt-stricken banks faded quickly on Monday as investors ...
Merger and acquisitions in the banking sector will be exempted from the purview of competition watchdog CCI if the Banking (Laws) ...
Yields on government bonds may ease as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will purchase Rs 12,000 crore worth of securities under ...
Bank of India and Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) plan to establish presence in Myanmar through branches and ...
Europe may have sidestepped its latest catastrophe, at least for the moment, by hammering out a euro 100-billion bailout plan for ...
Stepping in to support the CKP Cooperative Bank, Maharashtra Urban Co-op Banks’ Federation (MUCBF) has appealed the bank's ...
Chennai-based Repco Bank, a co-operative bank under the Union Ministry of Home, is waiting for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
Spain may today move closer to becoming the fourth euro-area nation to receive aid, as the International Monetary Fund said the ...
Treasury yields had the biggest weekly increase in almost three months as bets European leaders may make progress stemming their ...
With improvement in liquidity and some dip in cost of funds, interest rates on home loans may decline by 25-50 basis points, said ...
A senior official of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said tight monetary policy alone was not responsible for the slowing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced an auction under open market operations (OMOs) to purchase Rs 12,000 crore of ...
Seeking top priority for economic growth, chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should ...
Guess who is ready to don the sleuth’s hat?
Bankers will soon get an opportunity to join the ranks of inspectors in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday raised the limit on the number of foreign remittances an individual can receive from 12 ...
Banks must assign unique customer identification codes to their new as well as existing clients by May 31, 2013, the Reserve Bank ...
The rupee today closed down by as much as 48 paise at 55.42 against dollar amid spurt in demand for the US currency after Fitch's ...
Bankers today said they expect the Reserve Bank to cut its key rates by 0.25% at the forthcoming mid-quarter review given the ...
The Reserve Bank today said it has cut down the threshold limit in Real Time Gross Settlement System transactions to Rs 1 lakh ...
Banks have logged growth of 24.6 per cent in credit flow to the MSME (micro, small & medium enterprises) sector in 2011-12. ...
On what the government felt on the interest rate scenario, Economic Affairs Secretary R Gopalan said, “We see a possibility ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) expects to expand its balance sheet by Rs 30,000 crore in ...
The rates on short-term debt instruments like certificates of deposits (CDs) and commercial papers (CPs) have fallen by 25-30 ...
The rupee extended its gains today on the back of foreign fund inflows and dollar weakness, with a rate cut in China in late ...
After Future Capital, Kishore Biyani is getting ready to unlock value in his general insurance joint arm.
The Union Cabinet on Thursday allowed capital infusion of Rs 632 crore in the cash-hungry regional rural banks (RRBs), and ...
Seeking top priority for economic growth, chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should ...
India’s private lenders, ICICI Bank and YES Bank, on Thursday signed a collaborative deal with the Export-Import Bank of ...
The government is likely to extend K C Chakrabarty’s tenure as deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) by two ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, has reduced short-term retail term deposit rates by 25 basis ...
Banks have logged growth of 24.59 per cent in credit flow to the MSME (micro, small & medium enterprises) sector in 2011-12. ...
After Future Capital, Kishore Biyani is getting ready to unlock value in his general insurance joint arm.
Country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has decided to cut interest rates on retail term deposits by 25 bps for ...
The rupee strengthened further on Thursday afternoon, breaking below the 55 per dollar mark as inflows from custodian banks ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India has come under the scanner in Chhattisgarh for allegedly committing serious ...
Central Bank of India on Wednesday said misuse of farm loans was the prime reason of increasing NPAs (non-performing assets). The ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sought clarity from the Uttar Pradesh government on the ...
Country's first automated teller machine (ATM) which can be operated independently by a visually impaired person, know as ...
Everstone Capital, an India-focused private equity funding entity with $1.5 billion (about Rs 8,300 crore) of assets under ...
Sequoia Capital India Pvt Ltd, one of the leading private equity funds in India with as much as $1.4 billion (around Rs 7,700 ...
The European Central Bank left interest rates on hold as the debt crisis tightens its grip on the euro-area economy, increasing ...
Wall Street bankers are bracing for another round of job cuts as a downturn in the global economy cuts into earnings from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday released new guidelines for financial literacy and credit counselling centres after ...
The state-owned company paid out 728 claims, amounting to Rs 713 crore during 2011-12, the highest since starting operations in ...
The government has amended the rules to make the loan sanctioning mechanism transparent in public sector banks (PSBs). Lenders ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty on Tuesday blamed the failure of microfinance institutions in Andhra ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has called for a complete overhaul of human resource practices at banks, especially public sector ...
While slowing growth, lower core inflation and fall in crude oil prices make a case for rate cuts in the upcoming policy review, ...
Sajeev Krishnan has taken charge as the chief general manager of State Bank of Travancore (SBT). He started his career in 1977 as ...
The future of the deposits of about 10,000 account-holders of scam-tainted Madhavpura Mercantile Cooperative Bank (MMCB) looks ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) may have to set aside about Rs 14,000 crore before January 2013 as unamortised pension liabilities to ...
Days before Bank of America shareholders approved the bank’s $50 billion purchase of Merrill Lynch in December 2008, top ...
Spanish bonds rose for a third day as Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy’s call to boost efforts to protect the region’s ...
An intensifying financial crisis in Spain or elsewhere in Europe has the potential to drive American stocks into a bear market, ...
First posting at rural branches or offices after recruitment may become mandatory at public sector banks (PSBs). Banks might ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday cancelled the banking licence of scam-hit Madhavpura Mercantile Cooperative Bank (MMCB) ...
The era of government-owned companies being offered the best interest rate by public sector banks (PSBs) despite being ...
Liquidity in the banking system has returned to the Reserve Bank of India's stated comfort zone of one per cent of banks' net ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday reiterated the room for it to consider interest rate cuts had increased, thanks to the ...
Shrinath Bolloju will succeed Gunit Chadha as the chief executive officer for Deutsche Bank’s India business, industry ...
Former chairman and managing director of Syndicate Bank N K Tingalaya said micro credit played an important role in effective ...
It has been a month since the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) increased the ceiling on interest rates that Indian banks could offer ...
Mumbai-based urban cooperative bank, Zoroastrian Co-operative Bank Limited (ZCBL) has acquired Surat-based City Co-operative Bank ...
Amid concern on the slackening performance of state-owned insurance companies, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee is set to meet ...
GUCBF joins hands with NPAsource.
Life seems to have turned a full circle for some professionals in the microfinance industry of Andhra Pradesh, but with tragic ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), which had proposed to buy 30 per cent in MetLife Insurance for Rs 1, has reworked the sale agreement ...
It seems that fund managers who have launched PE funds recently want to stick to Indian culture while picking names for their ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has launched an Inter-Bank Mobile Payment Service (IMPS) for transferring money among bank ...
ICICI Bank’s losses on its security receipts portfolio have nearly doubled to Rs 408 crore in the financial year 2011-12, ...
The rupee, which touched a fresh low last week, is expected to stay under pressure in the near term, as concerns from the ...
The nation's banks will continue to witness a compression in their critical net interest margins even during the current fiscal, ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is set to ban the controversial highest net asset value ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty on Friday said the rupee’s depreciation was an outcome of real ...
The prospects of monetary easing in the mid-quarter policy review on June 18 brightened on Friday.
Apart from falling commodity ...
Fitch Ratings has revised the outlook for the Chennai-based Indian Bank to negative from stable, on increasing pressure on its ...
Two years ago, Vilas Yelmar took out a 200,000 rupee bank loan to develop a small grape orchard in a dusty hamlet southeast of ...
A committee of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has suggested increasing the foreign institutional investment limit in the ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank has revamped its wholesale banking strategy to increase its emphasis on working capital finance as ...
Life insurance companies will soon be allowed to tie up with non-life companies to offer health-plus-life combi products.
Bankers to debt-ridden Bharati Shipyard have declined, so far, to convert part of their loans into equity to protect ...
The insurance regulator has slapped a fine of Rs 1.18 crore on ICICI Prudential Life, India’s second-largest private life ...
The rupee fell to an all-time low of 56.52 against the dollar but closed 0.2 per cent up over the previous close on talk that the ...
The bandh didn’t have much impact on the banking sector but officials said footfall witnessed a drop at branches.
According ...
Life insurance companies will soon be allowed to tie up with non-life companies to offer health-plus-life combi products.
The rupee today tumbled by 26 paise to trade at a new low of Rs 56.50 against the US dollar in early trade on increased capital ...
As private equity and venture capital investors struggle to find the right deals (due to high valuations and lack of quality ...
Month-end dollar demand from oil marketing companies and growing risk aversion globally led the rupee past the psychological ...
The finance ministry has asked state-run general insurers to increase premiums on health insurance, motor and other policies, and ...
A close reading of the UK Upper Tribunal’s recent decision on an appeal by a former UBS employee reveals the possibility of ...
The finance ministry has asked state-run general insurers to increase premiums on health insurance, motor and other policies, and ...
Morgan Stanley has received an in-principle approval from the RBI for a banking licence, a spokesman for the US bank said on ...
Chennai-based non-banking finance company, Sundaram Finance Limited, is expecting a tough market in near future, considering the ...
Investment banker Anshu Jain (49) will take over the reins of German banking giant Deutsche Bank as co-CEO on Friday.
The State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC), Karnataka, has identified six districts in the state as underbanked districts. ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee will meet the chairmen and managing directors of state-run banks on June 12 to review their ...
Deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Anand Sinha on Tuesday said burgeoning non-performing assets (NPAs) in the ...
Flagging the risks of fiscal slippage and liquidity squeeze, the Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday said state governments must ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is revamping the structure within business circles to improve oversight and recoveries.
The ...
First it was Citibank which ended its exclusive tie-up with Jet Airways, after 12 years.
Now it is the turn of American Express ...
State Bank of India on Tuesday said it would reduce the proportion of its net non-performing assets (NPAs) to the total from the ...
Regarded as a major boost for China’s campaign to globalise its currency, China and Japan have agreed to start direct ...
Sustained fall in rupee during the last fiscal 2012 has boosted non-resident Indian deposits with banks in Gujarat.
As per the ...
The Karnataka Vikas Grameen Bank (KVGB) under the financial inclusion scheme has covered 418 villages and of this, 53 villages ...
Taking a que from Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee, who expressed concern on Monday over the asset quality of the banks, ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will approach Moody's to take a relook at its rating of the bank.
This comes in the backdrop of ...
Insurance ombudsmen may soon be allowed to deal with the grievances of individual consumers involving claims higher than the Rs ...
A rise in cost of deposits has resulted in a significant drop in net interest margin (NIMs) of banks in consecutive quarters. ...
Current account deficit (CAD) was likely to improve in the short-term owing to the falling crude oil prices, coupled with a dip ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday expressed concern over the rise of non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks at an ...
Unitech Ltd, a realty major, has accused Deutsche Bank of selling it an interest-rate swap that wasn’t suitable and ...
The sharp fall in the value of the rupee against the dollar — the domestic currency crossed Rs 56 last week — had ...
Ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) mid-quarterly policy review on June 18, State Bank of India on Monday ...
ICICI Bank has emerged as the top arranger of domestic bond issues.
The country’s largest private sector bank was the ...
Insurance ombudsmen may soon be allowed to deal with the grievances of individual consumers involving claims higher than the Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has removed restrictions imposed on banks which earlier prevented lenders from levying penalty on ...
The company had reported a profit of Rs 257 crore in the previous year.
The third largest private sector lender Axis Bank today tied up with Bahrain's Ahli United Bank for inward remittances.
The Reserve Bank and 926 branches of public and private banks will accept advance income tax in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai to avoid ...
The rupee is expected to stay under pressure this week because of the month-end dollar demand from oil companies.
In addition, ...
The Vananchal Gramin Bank in Jharkhand has made a record profit of Rs 16.21 crore in the financial year 2011-12 among the ...
With inflation expected to ease going forward, banks may lower deposit rates, broking firm Angel has said a report.
A higher interest rate of up to 7% on savings bank deposits seems to be helping small new-generation banks like Yes Bank, ...
The insurance regulator has capped the agents’ commission paid by insurers for selling policies with limited premium ...
SBI Cards, joint venture between State Bank of India and GE Capital, aims to add 1 million credit cards to its portfolio over ...
The rupee appreciated on Friday for the second day in a row, with help from exporters as they took advantage of low levels and ...
The insurance regulator has capped the agents’ commission paid by insurers for selling policies with limited premium ...
The third largest credit card issuer SBI Cards today said it will be focussing on tier 2 and 3 centres for growth in the near ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday threatened exporters and banks with penal action if they were found violating its ...
SKS Microfinance, the only listed micro lender in the country, plans to offer an endowment life insurance policy to its borrowers ...
Borrowers from microfinance institutions (MFIs) in Andhra Pradesh were not aware that they were insured and that a part of the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor, D Subbarao, on Thursday indicated more interventions to arrest the slide of the rupee ...
IndusInd Bank on Wednesday announced the appointment of R S Sharma as additional director on its board.
Sharma is the former ...
State-run Canara Bank on Wednesday posted 17 per cent dip in its consolidated net profit at Rs 3,341.69 crore for 2011-12. For ...
By the end of March this year, banks have extended facilities for banking in 1875 villages through opening brick and mortar ...
The rupee hit a fresh low again on Wednesday, as global headwinds continued to hammer the fundamentally weak currency amid a ...
The real estate sector in India, which is in a slump, is witnessing a flood of new or follow-on private equity (PE) funds in the ...
Shriram Group, the Rs 50,000-crore diversified Chennai-headquartered conglomerate, is understood to be firming up a strategic ...
The rapid slide of the rupee against the dollar, rising inflation, burgeoning prices of essential commodities and another dose of ...
Direct sale of dollars by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to state-run oil companies should not be ruled out, the chief economic ...
The sharp fall in market value compared to its Real Effective Exchange Rate (REER) has made the rupee an undervalued currency, ...
Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment company, said it expects the markets to enter a “period of ...
CIBIL, or Credit Information Bureau of India Ltd, which provides credit information to credit guarantors, is now extending its ...
Strong dollar demand from oil importers pushed the rupee to fresh lows for the fifth day in succession on Tuesday, as the Reserve ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cancelled the licence of Bhimashankar Nagari Sahakari Bank Ltd, of Ausa in Latur district of ...
In April, private companies continued to be a drag on the life insurance sector’s new premium collection.
Data collected by ...
State-run Power Finance Corporation (PFC) is looking to finance coal mining and gas station projects in India and abroad as part ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revised the agency commission it pays to banks for handling government businesses.
The government on Tuesday tabled in Parliament the Microfinance Institutions (Development & Regulation) Bill, seeking to make ...
In April, private companies continued to be a drag on the life insurance sector’s new premium collection.
Data collected by ...
Among traders the RBI's latest measures to target arbitrage and speculation is seen as akin to bringing a knife to a gunfight. ...
The former head of a trading desk at UBS AG’s wealth-management unit in London must pay 1.25 million pounds ($2 million) ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) have something to cheer about.
Securitised microfinance loans are getting grades that are better ...
Banks are to use the hard bargain they drove to recast debt worth Rs 35,000 crore of Rajasthan state power distribution companies ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), on Monday closed 3.27 per cent higher after leading foreign ...
Now, get a new savings account at the click of a mouse.
Portuguese investment bank Espirito Santo has raised concerns over the accounting processes of Bangalore-based biotechnology ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said capital flows would determine where the Indian currency was headed.
The rupee has ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) stepped in yet again to curb volatility arising out of the arbitrage opportunity in the currency ...
Promoters of financially troubled companies may now have to put the money where their mouth is, if they want their loans ...
The rupee today dropped by 30 paise to 54.72 against the US dollar in late morning trade, due to on fresh demand for the American ...
Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) has put its Indian wealth management unit on sale, along with its other non-US wealth ...
With “profitable growth” replacing “expansion drive” as the buzzword in the sector, the country’s ...
Having fallen to fresh lows thrice last week, the rupee is expected to get some respite, with dollar inflows from Exchange ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has reduced interest rate on education loans by up to 1%.
Asian currencies had the biggest weekly drop since November, as concern Europe’s debt crisis will worsen spurred demand for ...
Beating expectations, State Bank of India (SBI) has posted a 200-times rise in net profit to Rs 4,050 crore for the fourth ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will approach Moody’s Investor Service to review its rating, which was downgraded by the global ...
Foreign exchange reserves had their second consecutive weekly fall, coming down by $1.37 billion to $291.80 billion on the back ...
As the rupee continued its downward slide, RBI deputy governor Subir Gokarn today said all options are considered to check its ...
The rupee recovered after earlier dropping to its third consecutive daily record low, tracking a recovery in domestic stocks and ...
The bank was downgraded by ratings agency Moody's in October because of its thin capital base and worsening asset quality.
The rupee today tumbled by 35 paise to trade at a new all-time time low of Rs 54.82 against the US dollar in early trade on ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s purchase of bonds via open market operations (OMOs) to infuse liquidity seems to be serving the ...
Aviva Plc, the UK’s second-biggest insurer by market value, said it might sell underperforming units while it took the rest ...
The world’s top 29 banks may need a total $566 billion to meet tougher new capital rules, cutting returns by a fifth and ...
The Reserve Bank of India was considering selling dollars directly to oil importers to reduce exchange-rate volatility after the ...
Soon, insurance companies in India will not be able to pass on a majority of their risk to reinsurers.
The Insurance Regulatory ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursaday allowed banks to establish outlets for business correspondents (BC) in rural centres ...
The sharp decline of the rupee in the last one month may complicate things further for the central bank, in terms of lowering ...
Soon, insurance companies in India will not be able to pass on a majority of their risk to reinsurers.
The Insurance Regulatory ...
Edelweiss Financial Services said on Wednesday its net profit for the fourth quarter ended March declined by 10.4 per cent to Rs ...
To instill confidence among investors feeling jittery about the impact of the euro zone crisis on Indian stock markets and the ...
The rupee slumped to an all-time low on Wednesday amid weak macroeconomic fundamentals and global uncertainty.
The Reserve Bank ...
The European Central Bank has stopped providing liquidity to some Greek banks as they have not been successfully recapitalised, ...
The sharp fall in the rupee, tight liquidity conditions and uptick in inflation have added to the woes of companies that are ...
Even a week after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) asked Exchange Earners Foreign Currency (EEFC) account holders to convert half ...
Despite benchmark government bond issues having topped the Rs 60,000-crore informal limit, the government has not yet issued a ...
Yields on treasury bills (T-bills) have stayed under check despite concerns such as tight liquidity and heavy weekly supply. ...
In a bid to make insurance a significant part of the ongoing financial inclusion initiatives in rural areas, the Insurance ...
Commercial banks have drawn flak from the state government for inadequate lending to agriculture sector and recording low credit ...
As Haryana is poised for a record rabi production in wheat this year, efforts should be made to ensure that the good inflow of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday swung into action to save the battered rupee after it crossed the 54-a-dollar mark in ...
Banks in Punjab have covered all the 1,576 unbanked villages by the end of 2011-12 financial year by opening 71 brick-and-mortar ...
In a bid to make insurance a significant part of the ongoing financial inclusion initiatives in rural areas, the Insurance ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today slashed interest rate on home and car loans by up to 1.5%.
The Reserve Bank of India's recent fight to defend the rupee has had muted success, with the currency hitting a record closing ...
The rupee was trading 10 paise up at 53.86 against the American currency in the mid-session after touching 54-level in the ...
Future Generali Life, the private life insurer promoted by the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group, has undertaken extensive ...
Deutsche Bank AG investors shouldn't sign off on the supervisory board's actions for 2011 at the bank's annual general meeting ...
The rupee hit a new low today as it closed at 53.96 a dollar amidst a central bank intervention aimed at preventing it from ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) is looking to grow its loan book by over 20 per cent in the current ...
Governor D Subbarao went ahead to reverse the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) policy stance in the April review, despite a ...
The volatility in the foreign exchange rate appears to be the biggest threat to India Inc's growth prospects in the coming years, ...
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) plans to invest up to $75 million (around Rs 398 crore) in Dakshin, an NBFC, or its ...
Global rating agency Moody’s on Monday downgraded Life Insurance Corporation of India’s (LIC) foreign currency ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co said Chief Investment Officer Ina Drew will retire after the firm suffered a $2-billion trading loss, ...
The rupee closed at a new provisional record closing low of 53.9750 to the dollar as global risk aversion spiked and as ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked life insurers to stop selling highest net asset value ...
After some relief, rates on short-term debt instruments have crossed 10 per cent levels within a month as liquidity pressures ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s biggest lender, eyes 50 per cent growth in home loans in 2012-13. The bank had ...
The total number of credit card- holders declined to 21% in 2011 in the country, though the number of premium card holders rose ...
With trade ties between India and Pakistan beginning to normalise, state-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) plans to go tracing its ...
Flourishing online purchase of gift items, especially jewellery and flowers, on auspicious occasions have prompted banks, along ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, the largest and most profitable US bank, had its credit grade lowered one level by Fitch Ratings, and ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co's trading position that led to a $2-billion loss may call for increased Federal Reserve scrutiny of risk ...
More than 10 players, including several international investment bankers, have expressed interest in conducting the proposed ...
Kerala-based Hedge Group launched its non-banking finance company (NBFC) – Hedge Finance – on Friday.
The new ...
Funding costs for India’s large non-banking financial institutions (NBFIs) could rise as the Reserve Bank of India’s ...
IL&FS Financial Services Ltd (IFIN) and Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) will set up an infrastructure debt fund with a ...
Axis Bank, the country’s third largest private lender, said it will raise the minimum average quarterly balance by 20 times ...
India’s economy was likely to witness a mild recovery during this financial year, despite several financial and external ...
The number of outstanding credit cards in the country declined for the fourth straight year in 2011-12 even as private sector and ...
Fewer Indians seem to be going the old-fashioned way of writing out a cheque, opting instead for the more convenient electronic ...
The government disbursed Rs 4.76 lakh crore as agricultural credit during the last fiscal against the target of Rs 4.75 lakh ...
Canara Bank on Thursday reported a 7.7 per cent drop in net profit — at Rs 829 crore — for the fourth quarter ended ...
Taking the benefit of higher interest rates and a weakening rupee, non-resident Indians (NRIs) sent $11 billion (nearly Rs 60,000 ...
SKS Microfinance no longer wants to be known as an Andhra-based company.
It has decided to shift its headquarters to Mumbai.
After a gap of six to eight months, public sector banks (PSBs) have geared up to establish 60,000 more Automated Teller Machines ...
Steps taken by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to augment dollar inflows would ease the pressure on the rupee’s exchange ...
A leading cooperative bank from Maharashtra, TJSB (Thane Janata Sahakari Bank), has decided to expand in other states and plans ...
Hoping to put an end to a four-year banking crisis, Spain’s government effectively took over Bankia SA, one of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday cracked down on dollar hoarding by exporters to support the domestic currency, which fell ...
Concerned over the volatility in Rupee, Chief Economic Advisor Kaushik Basu today made a case for RBI curbing speculative ...
The rupee continued its downward slide due to the euro zone crisis, closing at an all-time low of 53.83 a dollar today.
Though ...
Manipal-based public sector lender, Syndicate Bank, is aiming at garnering a total business of Rs 40,000 crore from Andhra ...
Speaking to reporters while announcing the annual financial results of the bank, he said, “We may require an additional ...
SAP Ventures, an independent venture capital (VC) fund affiliated to global technology firm SAP, is planning to invest 15-20 per ...
The infrastructure sector, considered the most attractive private equity investment destination, is going through a crisis in ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Wednesday reported a 18.6 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 1,424 crore for the quarter ended March ...
The consumer confidence in the country improved marginally in April, a fourth straight month of upward trend.
In urban areas, ...
Despite higher provisioning, public sector lender Union Bank of India on Wednesday reported a 29.3 per cent rise in net profit ...
The Union finance ministry has told all government-owned banks to follow a standardised policy on personnel management at senior ...
Public sector Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has increased interest rates in foreign currency non-resident (Banking) accounts by 175 ...
The government might have to settle for a high coupon rate, if a new 10-year security was issued in a week or two, according to ...
Kolkata-headquartered Icra Techno Analytics Limited (ICTEAS), a unit of rating agency Icra Limited, will buy California-based BPA ...
Dena Bank on Tuesday reported a 62 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended March 31 at Rs 255 crore, against Rs 157 ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has posted a six per cent rise in consolidated net profit for fourth quarter ended March 2012 at Rs 521 crore ...
After a successful nine-year stint, the man who took Standard Chartered to the pinnacle of merger and acquisition in India and ...
State-run lender Central Bank of India reported a net loss of Rs 105 crore for the quarter ended March 31, on the account of ...
The rupee fell on Tuesday against the dollar as foreign institutional investors pulled out from the equity market, prompting the ...
After establishing a presence in Indonesia and Sri Lanka, Icra, the rating agency and associate of Moody’s in India, plans ...
Despite growth and inflation balance shifting favourably, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) foresees inflationary pressures in the ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has posted an increase of 21.76 per cent in net profit at Rs 528.81 crore for the quarter ended March ...
Manipal-based public sector lender, Syndicate Bank, is aiming at garnering a total business of Rs 40,000 crore from Andhra ...
The Reserve Bank on Monday allowed non-resident Indians to transfer funds from a non-resident ordinary (NRO) account to a ...
SKS Microfinance, the country's only listed microlender, has suffered a loss of Rs 330 crore in the quarter ended March 31 due to ...
A 24 per cent rise in net interest income enabled Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) Ltd to report a 16 per cent rise ...
Despite a fall in global commodity prices, headline inflation has been sticky due to supply bottlenecks and strong domestic ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said it might infuse up to Rs 12,000 crore this week via Open Market Operations (OMO), ...
Dutch insurance major AEGON could be the next sectoral player to exit the country, after New York Life ended its joint venture ...
The proposal to exempt foreign banks on capital gains and permit them to carry forward unabsorbed losses would give a push for ...
SKS Microfinance Limited, the only listed microfinance company in the country, has incurred a net loss of Rs 329.5 crore for the ...
Dutch insurance major AEGON could be the next sectoral player to exit the country, after New York Life ended its joint venture ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) infused money in both equities and debt, as the rupee was nearing 53 levels against the ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) is to make an equity investment of around Rs 150 crore in Chennai-based microfinance ...
“We are targeting a growth of 24 per cent in deposits this fiscal.
During 2011-12, we mobilised Rs 1,47,707 crore, showing ...
As part of its plans to integrate data from various banks through an automated data flow system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Yields on government bonds may edge up this week as markets await another round of fresh supply of government securities. ...
The government appears to have buckled under political pressure, as the finance ministry is set to take a diluted version of the ...
The government appears to have buckled under political pressure, as the finance ministry is set to take a diluted version of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has decided to rope in a third-party consultancy firm to help it incorporate global best practices in ...
Asian currencies fell this week by the most in more than a month, as worse-than-projected data from the US heightened concern the ...
Indian banks, after having provided credit card services to 17.6 million people in Tier-I and -II cities, are expanding their ...
State owned lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has reported a net profit of Rs 72.83 crore for the year ended March, compared with ...
The Union textile ministry has appointed Bank of Baroda Capital, the merchant banking subsidiary of Bank of Baroda (BoB), to ...
UCO Bank recorded a 12 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 253 crore for the quarter ended March 31, against Rs 226 crore in the ...
Higher slippages and provisioning led to an almost flattish net profit for Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) in the fourth ...
State-run lender Punjab & Sind Bank on Saturday posted a 13 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 147.8 crore for the quarter ...
Allahabad Bank has reported a 55.36 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended March 31 at Rs 400.22 crore, against Rs ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has posted an increase of 21.76 per cent in net profit at Rs 528.81 crore for the quarter ended March ...
Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank has reported a seven per cent rise in net profit at Rs 309 crore for the ...
Faced with the recent guidelines skewed in favour of nationalised banks, private gold loan companies (non-banking financial ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s biggest publicly assisted lender, will pay back the last of its emergency aid ...
Banks may have to disclose profits from carry trades derived from 1 trillion euros ($1.3 trillion) in European Central Bank loans ...
Corporation Bank on Friday reported a marginal 1.7 per cent growth in net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 2012 at Rs ...
Lower tax provisions helped public sector lender Bank of Baroda to report a 17.3 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ...
Indian banks may need to raise up to $50 billion (Rs 2.7 lakh crore) of additional equity under the Basel-III capital regulations ...
Subscribers to the New Pension System (NPS) would have a choice of six insurance companies from which they can buy annuity ...
The steep slide in the rupee against the dollar persuaded the poster boys of India Inc into selling dollars.
A large construction ...
After a gap of more than a decade, the government may turn to India’s diaspora to boost foreign exchange reserves.
The Reserve Bank of India swung into action today after the rupee depreciated 1.7 per cent in four trading sessions and went ...
To attract inflows in view of falling rupee, the Reserve Bank today raised the interest rate ceiling on NRI deposits in foreign ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday announced measures to augment foreign currency inflows, following a sharp fall in the ...
Nine candidates are said to have been shortlisted to fill two posts of members at the Securities and Exchange Board of India ...
Field agents employed by business correspondents (BCs) for distribution of financial products in villages will now have a minimum ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s guidelines on Basel-III capital regulations are unlikely to make domestic lenders scramble for ...
Western Union, a global money transfer services provider, might extend its business to the remittances segment within India.
The rupee fell for the third consecutive day to touch a four-month low, as importers rushed to cover short-term exposures amid a ...
Indian banks are within a "comfortable" range to meet Basel III requirements and will have ample time to comply with ...
SBI Life on Wednesday reported a 52 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 556 crore for the financial year ended march 31, 2012, as ...
Indian Bank has revised interest rates on FCNR (B) term deposits with effect from May 1, 2012.
For FCNR (B) deposits, in US ...
Telecom software solutions provider Subex has got the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) approval for restructuring of its outstanding ...
In a radical change, the recently-constituted Health Insurance Forum is set to recommend that fees charged by hospitals from ...
When Sumant Kasliwal joined ICICI Ventures in 2008, his dream was to help make small and mid-sized companies touch new heights. ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) is planning to pick up an equity stake in Renewgen Environment Protection Kotte Private ...
Facing huge redemption pressure on funds raised via foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs), India Inc has requested the ...
Bank deposits and advances fell through April, after rising sharply towards the end of the previous financial year.
The growth in ...
HDFC Life plans to raise funds through an initial public offering (IPO) of 10 per cent of the capital base.
The private-sector ...
After a gap of four months, the rupee fell below 53 to the dollar in early trade on Wednesday, triggering hope of possible ...
SBI Life on Wednesday reported a 52 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 556 crore for the financial year ended march 31, 2012, as ...
Indian banks have to maintain Tier I capital, or core capital, of at least 7% of their risk weighted assets on an ongoing basis, ...
The rupee dipped below 53 to the dollar to touch a near 4-month low on Wednesday, but suspected RBI intervention helped it recoup ...
At a time when dwindling demand for bank credit has capped the growth in interest income from advances, earnings from fees and ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) today slashed its lending rate by 0.25%, in line with other lenders.
Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has asked the banks in the state to work with the government for implementing the ...
The Tamil Nadu government has objected to the Reserve of Bank of India (RBI)'s decision to increase the interest rate for the ...
Gruh Finance Ltd has registered net profit of Rs 120.34 crore for the year ended March 31, 2012 against Rs 91.51 crore for the ...
The dip in pace of credit disbursal was in line with the moderation of economic growth.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is looking at “shadow banking” activities closely and will tighten regulations if ...
The country’s largest portfolio investor, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), has been put under review, leading to ...
Aviva Plc, UK’s second-largest insurer by market value, said Chief Executive Officer Andrew Moss would not accept his 2012 ...
The rupee fell to near a one-week low on Monday hit by heavy demand for dollars from oil importers and tracking a euro that was ...
State-owned lender Canara Bank has cut base rate and BPLR by 0.25 percentage points each to 10.50% and 14.75% respectively, which ...
Canara Bank has become the latest to slash interest rates on loans, reducing its base rate by 25 basis points to 10.5%. The new ...
After warning public sector banks that urban branches not generating profits for a year may be ordered to be closed, the ...
"The remaining three years will see the bank witnessing accelerated growth with the objectives to achieve a balance sheet ...
SWAWS Credit Corporation has become the second microfinance institution whose loan recast proposal has been admitted in the ...
Pune, Apr 28 (PTI) The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) extended record support of Rs 6,023.18 crore ...
Annual shareholder meetings were stormy at Credit Suisse and Barclays on Friday, with many attendees complaining bosses are ...
HSBC Securities has set an year-end Sensex target of 19,300, citing slowing momentum of earnings cuts, easing monetary policy and ...
The Cabinet-approved Banking Amendments Bill proposing a rise in public sector bank shareholders’ voting rights may see ...
Reserve Bank of India said banks must allow its customers to transfer accounts from one branch to another branch of the same bank ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves increased $1.4 billion to $294 billion in the week ended April 20.
The reserves have ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, on Friday said its standalone net profit for the quarter ended ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank on Friday reported a 25 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended March on the back of ...
Axis Bank, the third largest private sector lender in the country, on Friday said it would sell 25 per cent stake in its asset ...
The Reserve Bank of India today asked banks to allow intra-bank account portability in cases where full KYC (know your customer) ...
Axis Bank today reported a 25% jump in its net profit at Rs 1,277.27 crore for the fourth quarter of the 2011-12 fiscal.
In a push to financial sector reforms, the Cabinet on Thursday cleared the much awaited Banking Law (Amendment) Bill.
It approved ...
In what it claims to be a first-of-its-kind from the Indian banking industry, the State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) is thinking about ...
Public sector lender, State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), on Thursday said that there could be some pressure on its net interest ...
Rabobank, the largest retail bank in the Netherlands, today sold a majority of its stake in private lender YES Bank for about Rs ...
Export and Import Bank of India (EXIM Bank) plans to raise over $3 billion in the current financial year to fund its lending ...
The appetite for Indian assets is growing among investors from the land of the samurai.
An appreciating yen, combined with slow ...
Against the backdrop of Standard & Poor’s downgrading India’s outlook to negative, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The finance ministry has asked state-owned banks to improve their retail lending.
These banks, which generally lag their private ...
Sundaram BNP Home Finance, the home finance subsidiary of Sundaram Finance Limited, is planning to raise around Rs 2,700 crore ...
The cabinet approved raising voting rights of stakeholders in private banks to 26% from 10%, Information and Broadcasting ...
In order to facilitate enhanced lending, Reserve Bank today allowed Urban Co-operative Banks (UCBs) to provide housing loans up ...
Led by a robust growth in non-interest income, private sector lender YES Bank on Wednesday reported a 33.6 per cent jump in net ...
Enthused after receiving banking licence from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) last week after more than a century of operations, ...
Commercial banks can now lend more to non-governmental organisations (NGOs) engaged in financing houses for slum dwellers.
Standard & Poor’s on Wednesday revised the outlook on long-term counterparty credit ratings for 11 Indian financial ...
Dollar sales by foreign banks ahead of a US Federal panel meeting scheduled on Wednesday supported the rupee.
The gains, though, ...
LIC Housing Finance Ltd (LICHFL) on Wednesday said it had posted a 19 per cent dip in net profit for the fourth quarter ended ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the largest institutional investor in the country, is not in a hurry to bring down its ...
Global banking major Citigroup has stuck the biggest property deal in recent years in the country by paying a hefty Rs 985 crore ...
India's top 10 banks, including the SBI, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank today suffered a collateral damage following the Standard and ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank today cut its base rate or the minimum lending rate by 0.20% to 10.45% following last week's RBI ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank plans to double its branch network to 2,000 offices (branches) in the next six years, gathering ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering advancing the day bond auctions are conducted, to reduce volatility in the market ...
Life Insurance Corporation’s (LIC’s) purchase of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) shares during the ...
Axis Bank’s proposed acquisition of Enam Securities’ businesses has received the final approval from the Reserve Bank ...
The amount of loans to be restructured in 2012-13 could increase to Rs 2 lakh crore, said CRISIL in a note on Tuesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued the details on its announcement of last Thursday allowing airline companies to tap ...
A top official of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said banks are in a better position as compared with other entities to lead the ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, will reduce interest rate on loans given to small and medium ...
A day after country's largest lender SBI trimmed its fixed deposit rates, two more lenders -- Union Bank of India and Corporation ...
Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB), which received a banking license last week after 100 years of its operations, plans to ...
HDFC Bank on Monday said it had partnered Wells Fargo for remittance services between America and India.
This would allow Indians ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, is set to open one-man branches in rural centres.
The move ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Anand Sinha on Monday indicated the central bank was not in favour of allowing ...
Within a month of raising its retail deposit rates, State Bank of India (SBI) has largely rolled those back.
It has cut those ...
The national financial watchdog has lost a key test of its powers to punish bankers for alleged supervision failures when a fine ...
Fears of a Europe-wide recession undermining political will to tackle the region's debt crisis gripped financial markets on ...
All financial institutions could now hedge their underlying credit risk in corporate bonds using credit default swaps, the ...
The repo rate cut has signalled a change in the rate cycle and the effect of the Reserve Bank of India’s action will ease ...
The radical reforms proposed by the British government’s Independent Commission on Banking may bring the curtains down on ...
Led by State Bank of India (SBI), five more banks today cut interest rates on loans and deposits up to 1%, following reduction in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said aggregate shareholding of foreign institutional investors (FIIs), NRIs and persons of ...
RBI Deputy Governor Anand Sinha today indicated the central bank was not in favour of allowing micro-finance institution (MFIs) ...
The bank had registered a net profit of Rs 163.83 crore in the same quarter in the previous fiscal, SBM said in a Bombay Stock ...
Companies are thronging to the debt market to raise short-term funds as the market is offering attractive interest rate ...
US Treasury Secretary Timothy F Geithner said the global economic recovery is fragile and Europe’s effort to prevent the ...
IDBI Bank’s net profit rose 49 per cent at Rs 771 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 2012, on better growth in ...
The State Bank of India, aims to up 20-22 per cent in credit and 25 per cent in deposit growth in the current financial year, way ...
The Reserve Bank has made it mandatory for all banks to print the MICR and IFSE code on the passbook and statement of account of ...
UBS has downgraded Indian shares to ‘neutral’ from ‘overweight’, as the foreign brokerage no longer sees ...
South Korea-based Woori Bank, a part of the Woori Financial Group, has launched its first branch in India, at Chennai, to provide ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), the largest mortgage lender in the country with nearly a third of the market ...
In the wake of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) rate reversal signal, the ongoing and impending reductions in banks’ ...
The rupee fell below 52 versus the dollar to a new three-month low, though traders have not yet seen clear signs of intervention.
There is some relief for borrowers, as large banks have started reducing their lending rates across the board after a gap of ...
European Union lawmakers are considering rules to protect bank depositors that may stymie two of the main funding sources for the ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC), the second-largest foreign bank in the country in terms of branch network, has ...
The Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB), which has been under the administrator’s rule since May last year, finally ...
With economic slowdown and stress on corporate balance sheets looming, bankers expect the pace of reference to corporate debt ...
BlackRock, the giant money manager, said it would have no choice but to shift some of its business away from certain Wall Street ...
Government securities (G-Sec) declined on fresh selling pressure from banks and corporates, and call rates also remained weak on ...
IndusInd Bank on Thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended March 31 expanded 30 per cent to Rs 223 crore, from Rs 172 ...
ITNL Offshore, an arm of IL&FS, has raised $100 million by selling dim sum bonds, which are denominated in yuan and issued in ...
HDFC Bank, the second-largest private sector lender in the country, will not offer a higher rate on bulk deposits than it pays ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on banks that went for aggressive expansion of the top line around ...
Fresh concerns over the euro zone and a high dollar demand from domestic oil companies dragged the rupee to 14-week lows on ...
Total new business premium of life insurance companies in the country declined by 9.2% to Rs 1,14,232.73 crore in 2011-12 fiscal, ...
Country's second largest public sector bank PNB today announced cut in lending rate by 0.25%, a move that will make housing and ...
Private insurer Bharti AXA General Insurance said on Wednesday it plans to double its business in the southern region by the end ...
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York is seeking bids for $7.49 billion of collateralized debt obligations linked to commercial ...
South Korea-based Woori Bank, a part of Woori Financial Group, has launched its first branch in India at Chennai, which would be ...
FirstRand Bank, the second largest bank in South Africa in terms of market capitalisation, on Wednesday said it has commenced ...
Reversing the interest rate cycle after three years to boost investment and growth, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) now wants the ...
The sharp year-end increase in deposits and advances of scheduled commercial banks reversed to some extent in the first week of ...
European banks could be forced to shed $3.8 trillion in assets through 2013 and curb lending if governments fall short of their ...
Citigroup Inc shareholders have rejected its executive pay plan, a first among the six largest US banks, amid criticism it lets ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked life insurers to have a standard format in application forms ...
The Union finance ministry on Wednesday began implementing the Budget proposals on external commercial borrowing (ECB) for ...
First year premium underwritten by life insurance companies during the year ending March, 2012, declined 5.7 per cent in the case ...
HDFC Bank, the second-largest private sector lender in the country, on Wednesday said its net profit for the quarter ended March ...
Olympus India Holdings Ltd on Wednesday acquired around 27 lakh shares for Rs 105.76 crore in Karur Vysya Bank.
Private insurer Bharti AXA General Insurance said on Wednesday it plans to double its business in the southern region by the end ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued a notification to reduce the bank rate or the interest the banks and financial ...
Private insurer Bharti AXA General Insurance today said it plans to double its business in the southern region by the end of the ...
Indian banks' deposits grew 3.2% in the two weeks to April 6, while advances grew at a slower 1.8%, data from the Reserve Bank of ...
State Bank of India will cut lending rates by 25-50 basis points for certain products in two to three weeks.
The major ...
Reserve Bank of India governor Duvvuri Subbarao on Tuesday surprised the market with a sharp 50-basis point (bp) reduction in the ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) raised its global growth forecast for the first time in more than a year, with the US ...
Bankers indicated meeting the deposit mobilisation target would be difficult, as consumers were preferring competing savings ...
The government is set to complement the Reserve Bank of India’s bold step to cut the repo rate to revive growth.
Minutes ...
The captains of Indian industry have welcomed the RBI’s move to cut rates saying the move was on their expected lines.
Liquidity condition is quite comfortable as of now and the central bank is open to conduct more open market operations (OMOs) or ...
State-owned lender Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) today announced a cut in home and auto loans for new borrowers by up to 0.75%.
The Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao today said the central bank decided to cut rates by 0.50 percentage points, which took ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will come out with the final guidelines on implementation of new global risk ...
The Reserve Bank of India's decision to cut repo rate by 50 basis points in its annual monetary policy for 2012-13 has been ...
Providing relief to home loan borrowers, the Reserve Bank today asked banks not to levy any penalty on pre-payment of loans taken ...
Concerned over spurt in gold imports, RBI today asked banks to reduce exposure to NBFCs giving loan against the precious metal ...
The Reserve Bank of India has implemented the first cut in key policy rates in three years, reducing the repo rate by as much as ...
Stating that a stage for cheaper lending has been set with the RBI cutting short-term lending rate, India Inc today welcomed the ...
The Reserve Bank of India today surprised the market with a more-than-expected cut in the key policy rate, or the repo rate, by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cut interest rates today for the first time in three years by an unexpectedly sharp 50 basis ...
Saying there existed limited room for the monetary policy to manage external sector risks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on ...
The suspense over tomorrow’s monetary policy stance deepened today, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raising concerns ...
Two years after President Barack Obama vowed to eliminate the danger of financial institutions becoming “too big to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may cut interest rate by about 0.25 percentage points and release more liquidity in its annual ...
Deteriorating asset quality and depleting capital adequacy have made banks opt for safer investment avenues, such as government ...
European officials travel to Washington this week seeking a bigger global war chest to combat the debt crisis as Spain’s ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said it expected inflation to stay around current levels in this financial year, ...
The board declared an interim dividend of Rs 3 per share (of face value Rs 1 each). It also announced a one-time special dividend ...
ING has set a deadline of the third week of May to submit bids for its Asian life insurance business, sources said on Monday, as ...
As Hong Kong establishes itself as a hub for offshore trade and investment in China's currency, the city's family-owned banks can ...
The growth in the Indian economy may have bottomed out in the October-December quarter, going by an improved show subsequently, ...
The Reserve Bank today hinted at lowering interest rates saying that focus of monetary policy needs to be shifted to arrest ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved Brickwork Ratings as an eligible Credit Rating Agency (CRA) for bank ...
Australia's leading bank Westpac today said, it will open its first branch in India to increase commercial and wholesale banking ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) is not likely to buy the retail and commercial banking businesses of Royal Bank ...
The yield on government securities are expected to stay range-bound ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) annual ...
China's decision to widen the yuan's trading band against the dollar for the first time since 2007 signals a drive toward a ...
Despite various transactional restrictions still in place, there are fears of volatility returning to the rupee-dollar exchange ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has strongly come out in support of a government-backed health ...
The government is expecting a net inflow of Rs 1,100 crore in the current fiscal from small savings schemes like PPF and MIS ...
The Reserve Bank has suggested setting up a rehabilitation fund for reviving sick micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in ...
Ahead of RBI's annual credit policy announcement, state-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has slashed fixed deposit rates by ...
The Microfinance Bill in its present form may hurt the growth of the Self-Help Group (SHG) programme being run across states to ...
Ahead of the monetary policy for 2012-13 on Tuesday, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Saturday met Prime ...
IDBI Bank is setting up its second infrastructure debt fund (IDF) with authorised capital of Rs 1,000 crore through the ...
Ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy next Tuesday, Naina Lal Kidwai, country head in India and director for Asia ...
Private sector lender Development Credit Bank (DCB) on Friday said its net profit for the quarter ended March 31, expanded 51.8 ...
The pace of corporate fund raising through bonds slowed down in fourth quarter ended March 2012 to Rs 54,000 crore from Rs 71,000 ...
The usual year-end scramble for deposits by banks turned into a mad rush this year, with Rs 2 lakh crore flowing into the banking ...
The European Central Bank will restart its controversial government bond purchases rather than offer banks another round of ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) today reported 52% rise in net profit at Rs 17.3 crore in the fourth quarter ended March 31 as ...
The rupee today rose by 28 paise to 51.30/31 against the American currency on fresh dollar selling by exporters and renewed ...
The government today said it will infuse about Rs 15,500 crore in the public sector banks during the current fiscal to enhance ...
The Reserve Bank will soon issue Rs 20 and 50 notes with the rupee symbol.
"The Reserve Bank of India will shortly issue of ...
In the largest foreign investment in life insurance after the Reliance-Nippon deal last year, Japan’s Mitsui Sumitomo (a ...
Lawmakers in the European Parliament may seek a ban on banker bonuses that exceed fixed pay, as part of a draft law on Basel ...
The Irda on Thursday said no timeframe had been set for Life Insurance Corp of India to reduce its holding in companies in which ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has strongly come out in support of an upcoming government-backed ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, plans to buy loans from banks in the US and Europe to boost its credit ...
IDBI Bank plans to raise between $750 million and $1 billion through sale of foreign-currency-denominated bonds and loans in the ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company is hiring close to 300 people every month.
The life insurance arm of the country’s ...
There is an expectation among many that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would cut the repo rate (at which it lends to banks) by ...
The Irda on Thursday said no timeframe had been set for Life Insurance Corp of India to reduce its holding in companies in which ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has strongly come out in support of an upcoming government-backed ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company is hiring close to 300 people every month.
The life insurance arm of the country’s ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) today said that it has alloted 3.58 lakh infrastructure bonds worth Rs 179.16 ...
Corporate and retail borrowers will not see a significant reduction in lending rates in the current financial year owing to ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank may raise its overseas fund raising plan to $2.5 billion in January from existing $1.5 billion, a ...
The Reserve Bank of India is expected to cut interest rates for the first time in three years on Tuesday, but investors will be ...
Policy makers in developing Asia can refrain from further monetary and fiscal stimulus because growth will remain robust, while ...
As financial institutions recover from the losses on loans made to troubled borrowers, some of the largest lenders to the less ...
City-based AP Mahesh Cooperative Urban Bank Limited (Mahesh Bank) is looking at further expanding its footprint in Maharashtra ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, which is preparing its first payment to creditors after more than three years in bankruptcy, said ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which has reduced the cash reserve ratio (CRR) by 125 basis points since January, has flared up ...
After the global financial turmoil, the Indian economy recovered to grow at 8.4 per cent in 2010-11. But in the same year, ...
Slow growth in disbursement of loans to the priority sector has been a drag on the overall credit expansion of banks in the just ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday met various bankers to discuss the debt recast of Lavasa Corporation, which has now ...
To ensure its financial inclusion drive is not restricted to meeting branch opening targets, the Union finance ministry is to ask ...
Public sector lender India Overseas Bank (IOB) today said it is aiming a credit growth rate of 16-18% and a deposit growth rate ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 6,318.27 crore for various projects in Tamil ...
Reliance Capital Trustee Company, a subsidiary of Anil Ambani Group's Reliance Capital, on Tuesday purchased 810,000 shares of ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank Group, will invest $26.5 million in a supply chain company ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) on Tuesday said the financial support extended by it in Tamil ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) on Tuesday slashed base rate or minimum lending rate by a marginal 0.1 per cent while ...
Federal Reserve chairman Ben S Bernanke called on regulators to stem risks from "shadow banking" operating beyond ...
Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN) today sought Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) intervention to enable micro lenders to ...
India Factoring & Finance Solutions Pvt Ltd, a joint venture of the state-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB), along with ...
Mid-cap information technology (IT) services company 3i Infotech, formerly promoted by ICICI Bank, is in talks to divest a ...
Dream hillstation project Lavasa, near Pune, is now a millstone around lenders’ neck.
Yields on the 10-year benchmark government security eased 11 basis points in the past week, as markets factored in expecations on ...
Worsening external sector conditions have become a major reason for worry at the central bank, which is concerned about funding ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today slashed base rate or minimum lending rate by a marginal 10 basis points (bps) ...
In a pre-policy consultation meeting with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today, several economists have opined that there should ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to cut its repo rate for the first time in three years in an attempt to lift sagging economic ...
Independent Financial Advisors have come together to form a pan India body called Foundation of Independent Financial Advisors ...
To absorb excess liquidity, the Reserve Bank has pegged the quantum of intervention through Market Stabilisation Scheme (MSS) at ...
Breaking the trend of a dollar selling spree since September 2011, the Reserve Bank of India bought dollars worth $1.11 billion ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cancelled the licence of Gujarat-based Shri Bhadran Mercantile Cooperative Bank, following ...
The government may ask public sector banks and insurance companies to relocate or close loss-making branches as part of ...
To popularise electronic transfer of funds, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday allowed regional rural banks (RRBs) and ...
Indian companies filed for external commercial borrowings (ECBs) worth $2.6 billion (Rs 13,300 crore) in February for funding ...
More pain of job loss awaits employees of Dhanlaxmi Bank.
As the Kerala-based private bank moves ahead with business ...
Private equity (PE) investments in older private sector banks in the country have started reviving.
Banks are expected to report higher cost of funds for the fourth quarter of 2011-12, on account of tight liquidity conditions and ...
The Union finance ministry has proposed that banks give their balance sheet to their respective audit committees at least two ...
Corporation Bank plans to expand its presence across the country rapidly, according to its CMD Ajai Kumar.
To expand branch ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said it does not regulate or supervise the affairs of Sahara Credit Co-operative Society.
The ...
Concerned over rising NPA, the government may ask state-owned banks to shut down branches and cut down on staff strength in ...
To popularise electronic transfer of funds, the Reserve Bank today allowed regional rural banks (RRBs) and cooperative banks to ...
Private lender Dhanlaxmi Bank said in a press conference today that it has no plans to shut its branches or shrink operations to ...
For the first time in six years, fresh bank deposits have fallen over its previous year.
A Hindu Business Line story says that ...
The government needs to consider closing down loss-making branches of state-run banks and insurance companies, said DK Mittal, ...
Policy makers need to be cautious about the indirect effects of the euro zone’s sovereign debt crisis on India, though the ...
Public sector general insurance company New India Assurance has achieved Rs 10,000 crore premium collection mark for FY12 on the ...
The slowdown in economic growth might hamper banks’ asset quality but the government was committed to infusing capital in ...
Asian currencies declined this week, led by the Thai baht and rupee, as rising borrowing costs in Spain renewed concern over ...
Country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) is targeting 20 per cent year-on-year growth in its business – ...
Credit Agricole SA, France's third- biggest lender, and hedge fund Magnetar Capital LLC were sued by an investor in a ...
Hinduja Bank, a Switzerland-based financial services arm of Hinduja Group, is diversifying reach of its trade finance business to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Friday said states with weaker finances are able to raise cheaper ...
Once bitten, but hardly twice shy.
After having burnt their fingers in the microfinance sector, you might expect investors there ...
Financial Inclusion Network and Operations (Fino), a Mumbai-based financial inclusion facilitator, is planning to tap the ...
Ahead of its annual monetary policy, the Reserve Bank said on Thursday cutting policy rate to promote investment depends upon ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) is aiming to post a credit growth of 19-20 per cent in the current financial ...
Equity International (EI), the US investment firm, is exploring investment prospects in housing finance companies and non-banking ...
Banks have started raising the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (banks) deposits (FCNR-B) after the Reserve Bank ...
The collection of premium on heavy commercial vehicles by various non-life companies in the state are down by about 15 per cent ...
The finance ministry has barred government-controlled banks from investing in joint ventures and non-core activities on the ...
Federal Reserve policymakers have backed away from the need for another round of monetary stimulus as the US economy gradually ...
Growth in bank advances, which remained muted most of the year, picked up in February and March.
Banks added Rs 2.6 lakh crore, ...
Private equity (PE) investments in the March quarter slumped by around 47 per cent to $1,886 million, from $3,614 million in the ...
The government on Wednesday asked insurance regulator Irda to take steps to contain the tendency of “suicidal ...
The request was put forth at the customary pre-policy meeting on Wednesday between top banks, including State Bank of India and ...
ICICI Bank has filed a caveat with the Company Law Board (CLB) and civil courts in some states, requesting for a hearing in case ...
The season of downgrades for banks just got extended.
Rating agency ICRA on Wednesday cut the rating for Kolkata-based UCO ...
Rates on short-term debt instruments fell by 50-60 basis points on Wednesday on low demand for funds from banks.
Bankers today said they expect a cut in the cash reserve ratio (CRR) in the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) credit policy review ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it would cut lending rates on loans given to small and medium enterprises (SME) this month.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today tightened the reporting requirements under which banks will have to submit a monthly ...
Indian corporate balance sheets will continue to be in the red in 2012-13. Rating defaults and downgrades will stay elevated due ...
ICRA has downgraded Oriental Bank of Commerce’s bonds due to worsening asset quality and sustained pressure on ...
Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd (REC) has signed a loan agreement worth euro 100 million (around Rs 700 crore) with the ...
India Inc on Tuesday asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut policy rates at its policy meeting for 2012-13, to propel ...
The yields on the 10-year benchmark government bond touched a four-month high of 8.78 per cent on Tuesday as the Reserve Bank of ...
Indian ship breaking companies have lost almost Rs 800-1000 crore during financial year 2011-12 due to rupee depreciation against ...
Nabard’s financial assistance for supporting agriculture, rural development and rural infrastructure development in Gujarat ...
Potential downgrades of banks including Morgan Stanley and UBS AG, which could have their credit ratings cut by Moody’s ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has recorded a 40 per cent growth in agriculture credit and ...
Nabard has sanctioned Rs 144.49 crore to the Punjab government under Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF-XVII) for two ...
The corporation, a member of the World Bank Group, said this investment will be in the form of a 15-year subordinated bond.
It is ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), on Tuesday, announced plans to waive off loans to weavers in ...
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB) has achieved a 25 per cent growth in total business during the fiscal ending March 2012.
The ...
Credit by banks grew by 23.5% in the quarter to September 2011, up from 19.3% over the same period a year ago, indicating greater ...
Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) on Monday appointed Stuart Milne as chief executive officer for its India ...
Four out of the five microfinance institutions, which opted for loan recast, have failed to convince banks to admit their ...
Malaysian lender CIMB is set to buy a part of Royal Bank of Scotland’s (RBS) wholesale banking businesses in the ...
With economic slowdown pushing up the tally of bad loans, Union Bank of India will focus on improving the management of ...
It is a tough year ahead for private sector companies that wish to raise debt in 2012-13, as there are concerns that large ...
India Inc, till recently sitting on a cash pile, is drawing this down.
High interest rates have made companies turn away from ...
Private sector lender Jammu & Kashmir Bank has surpassed the business target of Rs 85,000 crore for FY12 and aims to reach ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has eased its overseas direct investment norms by waiving the need for Indian entities to seek ...
State-owned Allahabad Bank has raised Rs 459.40 crore by issuing shares to Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) on preferential
Both public and private sector banks across the country closed today for the public dealing on account of annual book ...
On Friday, the four-day call money rate closed at a three-year high of 15 per cent on lack of fund supply in the debt market. ...
Cash is the prime target, and credit card could take the next hit.
Clearly, telecom operators are on a war footing — ...
The branch was inaugurated by J P Dua, Chairman & Managing Director of the Bank.
Manappuram Finance, the leading gold loan firm, has decided to recall a part of loan from its borrowers in order to meet the ...
Banks led by State Bank of India (SBI) approved a Rs 2,850-crore corporate debt restructuring (CDR) package for Bharati Shipyard ...
The state-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has pumped in Rs 2,137 crore in four public sector banks through the preference ...
State-run lender Syndicate Bank today opened 108 branches across 15 states and Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
World Bank Group president, Robert B Zoellick, on Friday made a special visit to the development institution’s Chennai ...
The ride hasn’t been smooth for M V Nair.
When he retires from Union Bank of India tomorrow after a six-year stint, many ...
The implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) will help reduce government finances and thus boost growth, the Reserve ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) barred Muthoot Fincorp’s partnership firm from accepting public deposits, the ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s decision to conduct open market operations (OMO) on the last day of the financial year helped ...
The Reserve Bank of India has proposed dynamic provisioning for banks — at higher provisioning during economic upturn that ...
The year-end rush for funds ahead of a holiday-shortened week pushed interest rates in the call money market to 15 per cent on ...
With export growth lagging import growth, the trade deficit for October-December 2011 widened to $47.7 billion from $31.4 bn in ...
The non-performing assets (NPAs) of banks have risen to Rs 1.27 lakh crore till December last year, Parliament was informed
The Reserve Bank cut cash reserve ratio (CRR) twice since April, 2010 in its monetary policies to contain inflation and help ...
The rupee edged up on Friday as exporters cashed in dollars on the last trading session of the fiscal year, but the currency was ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today barred Muthoot Estate Investments, a partnership firm of Kerala-based Muthoot Fincorp, from ...
Larry Walther, member of the board of directors of the bank, told Business Standard, “Exim Bank sees India as one of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to infuse Rs 10,000 crore via open market operations (OMOs) on Friday to ease the ...
US-based private equity player, Valiant Partners, is planning to pick up a 22.75 per cent stake in Shriram Housing Finance ...
India’s current account deficit (CAD) may worsen for the third quarter of 2011-12, though respite is expected from inward ...
The State Bank of India’s decision to increase deposit rates by 25-100 basis points earlier this week has stumped its ...
German lender Deutsche Bank expects the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut rates by 50 basis points (bps) till June as it will ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed Muthoot Fincorp arm -- Muthoot Estate Investments -- not to accept any deposits ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced it will purchase government securities worth Rs 10,000 crore tomorrow through ...
The Reserve Bank today asked banks to improve their ability to manage stressed assets, but said there was nothing alarming about ...
Bharti Airtel subscribers would soon be able to withdraw cash by using their mobile phone, without going to bank branches or any ...
I am 45, and plan to retire by 55.
I already have two pension plans.
European governments are preparing for a one-year increase in the ceiling on rescue aid to 940 billion euros ($1.3 trillion) to ...
The Reserve Bank of India has cancelled the licence of The Bhusawal People's Co-operative Bank Ltd — the Jalgaon-based ...
European leaders signalled rising confidence that their region’s crisis was near an end, while Federal Reserve Chairman Ben ...
The British Bankers' Association said a panel of lenders will review the London interbank offered rate, including some firms ...
Public sector banks will have to step up investments in technologies, such as data warehousing and business intelligence over ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday announced a slew of revisions aimed at liberalising the norms for direct investment ...
Interest rates on retail term deposits may stay at current levels, or even inch up, in April as bankers are unlikely to revise ...
Yields on the 10-year benchmark government bond shot to four-month high of 8.63 per cent on Wednesday on announcement of the ...
The Lloyd's of London insurance market swung to its second-biggest loss last year after absorbing record claims from natural ...
The Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of America,  Brian Moynihan, made $8.1 million in total compensation last year, up from ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) has raised Rs 1,589.90 crore by issuing shares to Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) on ...
Public sector Indian Overseas Bank today said it plans to increase the number of branches to 2,630 across the country by this ...
Bangladesh on Tuesday asked India to facilitate opening of corporate offices by Bangladeshi companies in the country.
Bangladesh ...
Deutsche Bank AG, adding assets as other lenders trim their balance sheets, leapfrogged France's BNP Paribas SA to reclaim the ...
India Inc might have to shell out more while renewing insurance policies, as global reinsurance rates are seen hardening by 20-25 ...
Talks to sell a stake in Britain's state-owned Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) are being held at the level of the Abu Dhabi ruling ...
Be prepared to pay more to insure your vehicle.
The government on Tuesday said it was pinning hopes on an increase in interest rates on small savings schemes from next month and ...
Launching its operations here on Tuesday, Anil Kothuri, head (retail finance), Edelweiss Capital, and chief executive of ...
The government will borrow Rs 3.7 lakh crore from the market in the first half of 2012-13 through the sale of dated securities. ...
(This article has been modified; please see the correction at the end.
Public sector banks’ executives said banks had taken a hit due to the steep fall in the value of the shares.
Banks had made ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) and the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Limited (BMRCL) on Tuesday signed a Facility Agreement ...
Setting aside the widespread speculation that a foreign player would buy out Fidelity’s India business, L&T Finance, a ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India (CBI) is hopeful of maintaining its Net Interest Margin (NIM) at the current level of ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today raised fixed deposit rates on select maturities by up to 1%, amid ...
In a move that would help a large number of home loan customers to reduce their interest burden, the country's largest lender ...
Public sector banks posted 3.06% dip in net profit at Rs 31,688 crore in the December quarter of this fiscal due to higher ...
RBI has asked banks to avoid offering sharply different rates on deposits with similar maturities, saying that something is wrong ...
State-owned IDBI Bank on Monday said the government has decided to infuse Rs 810 crore in the bank by way of preferential ...
Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC) today said its Managing Director R Sridhar will be stepping down to take over as MD and ...
Tata Capital on Monday said it would set up a private investment banking business in Singapore in two years.
"Licencing ...
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector bank, asked ailing Kingfisher Airlines for more security on its Rs 600-crore ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFC) will now have to send "adequate prior notice" to their gold loan borrowers, if ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Monday exempted the government of India from making an open offer to ...
The restrictions imposed on gold loan operations of non-banking finance companies (NBFC) have raised the hackles of these firms ...
The rupee came under further pressure on Monday to hit a two-month low on a spurt in month-end demand from importers — ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said it is not logical for banks to charge similar interchange fee on debit cards as ...
Liquidity deficit in the banking system was close to Rs 2 lakh crore on Monday — an all-time high — with banks ...
The government today raised interest rates on post office-operated small savings like Monthly Income Scheme (MIS) and Public ...
State-owned IDBI Bank today said the government has decided to infuse Rs 810 crore in the bank by way of preferential allotment ...
State-owned Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) today said its shareholders have approved raising capital up to Rs 995.10 crore through a ...
Faced with huge redemption pressure in the shorter end, the government may go for more longer-tenure bonds to raise funds from ...
Near double credit-deposit (CD) ratio, as compared to the Reserve Bank of India’s norm of 60 per cent, and the high ...
Yields on the 10-year benchmark government bond are expected to trade range-bound, ahead of the release of the government ...
Bangalore-based cancer care network HealthCare Global Enterprise Ltd (HCG) is planning to expand its network from the present 26 ...
L&T General Insurance is bullish on growth prospects next financial year, with business coming mainly from motor and health ...
A circular on revised interest rate on small savings scheme will be issued by March 28, official sources said, adding that there ...
ICICI Bank has been ordered by a consumer forum here to pay over Rs 2.14 lakh to one of its account holders for causing him ...
Children are undoubtedly the top priority for parents.
Every parent, irrespective of his or her financial status, would want only ...
US President Barack Obama on Friday nominated Jim Yong Kim, a Korean-American and president of Dartmouth College, to become head ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co is being sued by a trader who says he accepted a contract from the investment bank because a ...
Taking all precautions not to fail in its Rs 30,000-crore disinvestment target for the next financial year, the Cabinet today ...
The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has asked the finance ministry to be allowed to float Rs 3,000 crore of tax-free ...
The busy tax saving season failed to bring cheer to the life insurance market as policy issuance continued to head south, pushing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to finalise a quarterly Housing Startup Index (HSUI) by the end of this year, to ...
Morgan Stanley is interested in buying all of Citigroup Inc’s stake in their wealth management joint venture this year, ...
Come April 1 and cheques and bank drafts will be valid only for 3 months, a development that RBI thinks will help mitigate frauds ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank today said it had collected Rs 1 lakh crore of central tax through its network in the current ...
High dollar demand from Indian companies to redeem their foreign debt obligations, coupled with month-end requirements of oil ...
Promoters of leading gold loan company Muthoot Finance may dilute their stake by up to 10 per cent to raise funds in the next ...
Public sector Union Bank of India (UBI) on Thursday announced a decline in its interest rate on loans for home and small and ...
Amissive from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) of the United States directing all investment managers managing $120 ...
Finally, there is a ray of hope for small micro-lenders in Andhra Pradesh.
A year ago Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee had ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s tomes on interest-rate policy made Subir Gokarn despair when he was a Standard & ...
Infosys, India’s second largest IT services provider on Thursday said ING Belgium, one of the leading banks in Belgium, has ...
Looking for a loan against gold jewellery?
Banks may be a better option, when compared to non-banking finance companies (NBFCs). ...
The appointment of a third executive director (ED) in public sector banks, scheduled on April 1, has been delayed due to ...
The general insurance industry, facing a Rs 10,000-crore hit in its bottom line due to third-party motor pool losses, has been ...
The Reserve Bank of India's recent guidelines for the gold loan sector will significantly moderate the growth and profitability ...
Banks are on the brink of exhausting the held-to-maturity (HTM) cap, which protects them from mark-to-market losses, and may ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) recent guidelines for the gold loan sector will significantly moderate the growth and ...
Almost one in every three borrowers did not repay loans to microfinance companies since the industry plunged into a crisis in ...
The growth in bank deposits slowed to a four-month low of 13.7 per cent, while advances soared 16.3 per cent in the fortnight ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday released guidelines on the gold loan business of non-banking financial companies ...
Housing finance companies (HFCs) may be able to access external commercial borrowings (ECBs), a route allowed in the Budget, ...
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) plans to raise about Rs 40,000 crore in the next financial year.
It aims to raise about Rs 3,000 ...
Liquidity may come under pressure as the amount in weekly auctions of government securities goes up with the increase in the ...
LIC
Housing Finance on Wednesday said it has raised Rs 810 crore by issuing preference shares to its promoter, LIC.
Three crore ...
Reserve Bank of India has said there was a need to strengthen the database non-performing assets (NPA) through more effective ...
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank on Wednesday launched a credit card targeted at the super affluent.
The ...
Ask any distributor of financial products and he would affirm that selling life insurance is among the most challenging tasks. ...
After almost a decade of robust growth, premium collections of the life insurance industry are down.
The penetration of general insurance, measured as a percentage of premiums to gross domestic product (GDP), has been low at 0.7 ...
The gloves are off.
At a time when the life insurance industry is faced with an unprecedented slide in premium collection, its ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said its shareholders have approved raising capital up to Rs 2,875 crore by ...
State-owned Bank of India today announced increasing fixed deposit rates of select maturities by up to 0.75 percentage point.
"With a view to facilitating accounting of all government transactions of the current financial year (2011-12). All regional ...
The Reserve Bank has deferred the deadline on implementation of asset classification and provisioning norms for non-banking ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said despite the high global crude oil prices, Budget proposals and moderating economic ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) will invest about $20 million in Nereus India Alternative Energy Fund, a $250-million ...
Lending a helping hand to the government in recapitalising public sector banks may have brought Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) ...
State Bank of India (SBI), which has the largest banking network in Uttar Pradesh of over 1,200 branches, is expanding the ...
Debt restructuring proposals of small micro-lenders in Andhra Pradesh have hit a roadblock, as banks are not confident of ...
The Reserve Bank of India will respond appropriately to the market demands, if needed, Governor D Subbarao said on Tuesday. ...
Microfinance loans are set to turn dearer, owing to the increase in the service tax rate.
While the increase may not appear ...
The government on Tuesday said a shortfall of Rs 26,106 crore in receipts from disinvestment pushed the fiscal deficit for ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) in Andhra Pradesh can now breathe a sigh of relief.
The deadline for new provisioning and asset ...
Now, returns on your savings account have become more lucrative.
You can claim an additional deduction of Rs 10,000 worth of ...
ICICI Bank plans to raise up to $1 billion through a 10-year overseas bond issue as early as this month, two sources with direct ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said its shareholders have approved Rs 7,900 crore capital infusion by ...
Public sector banks' gross bad debt jumped over 51% to a whopping Rs 103,891 crore in 2011, Minister of State for Finance Namo ...
The country's second largest private lender HDFC Bank today appointed Donald D'Souza as the head of its equity capital markets in ...
Having been battered by life-changing regulatory moves for over a couple of years now, mutual fund distributors finally have ...
Banks have finally agreed to restructure micro-lender Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance (BSFL)’s debts of about Rs 700 crore on ...
Credit-default swaps dealers will hold an auction to settle as much as $3.2 billion of Greek bond insurance triggered by the ...
The government has opened the doors for qualified foreign investors (QFIs) to the developing corporate bond market in India. ...
After targeting global banks deemed too big to fail, regulators are weighing tougher capital rules for lenders whose collapse ...
The optimum utilisation of the enhanced Rs 60,000-crore limit for issuing tax-free infrastructure bonds by companies seems ...
United Bank of India is designated Banker for Indo –Myanmar trade
. It has been facilitating settlement of trade
...
Chairman Prakash Bakshi told Business Standard the thrust on increasing lending to the agriculture sector and scaling up rural ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), currently in the midst of a restructuring and reorganisation ...
Rating agency Moody’s on Monday downgraded the rating for Union Bank of India (UBI) by a notch, owing to weak asset quality ...
The rupee today lost five paise to close at 50.23/24 against the US dollar amid weakness in local equities and fresh dollar ...
In its bid to deepen the equity and debt markets by attracting overseas funds, the Reserve Bank today allowed foreign venture ...
From poor to the rich, everyone living in Chhattisgarh will now get a medical cover under a scheme announced by the state ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has recorded a growth of 27.21 per cent in NRI business, up to February 2012 (growth of Rs 3,146 ...
Bond yields are expected to open firm on account of tight liquidity conditions and low probability of fund infusion through open ...
The German banking leader Deutsche Bank has increased the capital base in its franchise here by Rs 455 crore to fund growth
The second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank has said the present situation is not conducive for rate cuts but further ...
With the higher government borrowing plan announced in the Budget, bond yields are likely to harden in the near future, say ...
Deutsche Bank has appointed Gunit Chadha the co-chief executive of its Asia-Pacific business.
He shares the post with Alan
Greece remains "accident prone" and may require further debt restructuring or additional financing from euro countries ...
Spring is in the air for financial markets.
Liquidity is abundant, the desire to invest is rising and green shoots of growth are ...
The euro zone may raise the combined lending power of its bailout funds to close to Euro 700 billion from Euro 500 billion in a ...
Spending on your health check-ups can also help you save tax in the new financial year.
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on ...
Three key themes stood out
in the Budget.
First, the view is that economic growth has bottomed out.
The finance minister expects ...
The Budget has made an earnest effort to deal with the slowdown.
Tax exemption on interest earnings on savings accounts and the ...
There is nothing really good about this budget.
One will have to read the fine print to see what the Direct Tax implications are.
The government has announced its intent to introduce critical Bills to push financial sector reforms.
Finance Minister Pranab ...
The government has earmarked Rs 15,888 crore for capital infusion into banks in the next financial year, considerably higher than ...
The finance minister has accomplished a commendable Budget, balancing fiscal concerns and stimulating growth, fully recognising ...
I have a slightly different view on the Budget.
The finance minister has presented a realistic and balanced Budget.
The gross domestic product (GDP) forecast for 2012-13 at 7.6 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said fiscal consolidation alone would not decide the stance of the monetary policy, but other ...
It was hardly a surprise, but the introduction of the Micro Finance Institutions (Development and Regulation) Bill, 2012, in the ...
The fiscal situation is unlikely to improve even this year.
A higher fiscal deficit number, coupled with the government’s ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor KC Chakrabarty today said private credit demand will not be crowded out as a result of higher market ...
The government today said it will provide capital support of Rs 15,888 crore to public sector banks and financial institutions ...
The government will inject Rs 6,000 crore to Rs 7,000 crore in State Bank Of India by next week, banking secretary DK Mittal said ...
BJP today slammed the Union Budget as "anti-people" and said it would lead to further price rise hitting the common
The World Bank has announced $4.3 billion financial aid to India through a new innovative and flexible financing arrangement to ...
Patience may well pay off for Kapil Wadhawan, chairman and managing director of Dewan Housing Finance (DHFL). After ...
The Economic Survey said asset quality of banks improved in percentage terms in 2010-2011 from the previous year.
But the ...
At a time when most banks have failed to convince the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in allowing them to set up subsidiary ...
India Inc has pinned hopes on the Union Budget for some relief and also steps to get out of an economic slowdown in 2012-13. But ...
The bank has already crossed Rs 2,700 crore this fiscal in terms of total business by the end of December and expecting a growth ...
Leading bankers today termed the Reserve Bank's decision to keep all key policy rates unchanged as "on expected lines".
Investment banker Nomura expects the Reserve Bank to cut key policy rate by 0.75 percentage point, instead of 1 percentage point ...
Though Indian banks' exposure to the troubled euro zone is negligible, funding pressure could impact them, Economic Survey ...
"A sum of Rs 12,000 crore has been provided in the Revised Estimates 2011-12. For capital infusion in PSBs to enable them to ...
The RBI also left its key lending rate, the repo rate, unchanged at 8.5%. Consequently, the reverse repo rate too remains at
Nomura on Thursday said it now expects the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut the repo rate by 75 basis points in 2012 compared ...
Expressing dissatisfaction over the RBI decision to keep interest rates unchanged, India Inc today said rate cuts were needed to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged as expected on Thursday, underscoring its concern about inflation ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged on Thursday, citing concern over resurgent inflation risks, even as ...
Investment bankers have finally something to cheer about.
At a time when most foreign banks and financial services firms are ...
Rates on short-term debt instruments inched closer to three-year high levels as liquidity tightened a day ahead of the advance ...
Most of the largest banks passed their annual stress test, according to the Federal Reserve, in a conservative report card that ...
The government today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not in favour of relaxing norms on loan restructuring for any ...
After having already cut CRR by 0.75 percentage points last week, bankers feel the Reserve Bank may not do much, especially with ...
A day after Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee declared that cooperative societies were not empowered to attach the property of ...
Credit-Deposit (CD) ratio of a few public sector and private banks in Orissa still remains woeful despite credit flow recording ...
Standard & Poor's (S&P) on Tuesday said slower economic growth and high inflation and interest rates were likely to hit ...
Rates on certificates of deposit (CDs) increased 25-30 basis points on Tuesday, as banks rushed to refinance maturing debt, meet ...
Schroders, the UK-based asset management giant that manages close to $291 billion in assets, is set to acquire nearly 30 per cent ...
The Federal Reserve, exercising sweeping new authority to ensure financial stability, will show how the capital of the 19 largest ...
Deutsche Bank on Tuesday said it had increased its capital base in India by Rs 455 crore to finance its expansion plans here.
India Inc raised Rs 1.64 lakh crore through private placement of debt in the first nine months of the current financial year, ...
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) may have to pay higher premiums when its insurance policy comes for renewal on May 11. ...
JPMorgan Chase is paying the federal government $45 million to settle a lawsuit alleging it charged former soldiers hidden fees ...
Greece will have to slash a further 5.5 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) in government spending in 2013 and 2014 to meet ...
Germany’s Bundesbank used a substantial part of last year’s profit to boost its risk buffer because of growing ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) today maintained stable credit rating for domestic banks even as it warned ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) today maintained stable credit rating for domestic banks even as it warned ...
The Finance Ministry today said non-performing assets (NPAs) in the banking sector do not indicate any systemic vulnerability.
Standard & Poor's today said that slower economic growth, high inflation and high interest rates are likely to impact the ...
The government’s market borrowings for the current financial year may have come to an end, with the last scheduled auction ...
The good news is Greece won't default on March 20, and 10-year borrowing costs for Spain and Italy have dropped below five per ...
Wells Fargo and Citigroup may join banks in unleashing more than $9 billion in dividend increases and share buybacks if these get ...
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd (LTFH), the financial services arm of engineering conglomerate L&T, on Monday announced its ...
The flow of money from Indians abroad into bank deposits remained robust in January 2012, despite an appreciation in the rupee ...
Kolkata-based Magma Fincorp Limited is aiming to double the tractor portfolio next year to cover 50,000 units from around 26,000 ...
In a bid to improve customer service in the insurance sector, the insurance regulator is planning to allow new agents to service ...
eMudhra, a private certifying authority for issuing digital signature certificate in India, and Watchdata System Co Ltd of ...
The ‘King of Good Times’ is giving its partner banks a hard time.
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the second largest public sector bank in the country, has said it is expecting reduction in statutory ...
Banks operating in the state continue to struggle in achieving lending target in different key sectors as they have managed to ...
At a time when the uncertain macroeconomic environment has cast a shadow on India Inc’s fund-raising programme and the fee ...
The liquidity deficit in the banking system continues to remain above the central bank’s comfort level, despite a 75-basis ...
China has ample room to tweak policy to support credit growth in the face of volatile foreign capital flows that will inevitably ...
Snapping a two-session gaining streak, the rupee today lost 13 paise to close at 49.97/98 against the US currency on fresh dollar ...
As concerns over slowdown in growth deepen and inflation numbers provide some relief, market analysts believe the time is ripe ...
Government bond yields might fall this week in response to the liquidity easing measure announced by the Reserve Bank of India ...
Online frauds have been roughly doubling every year, according to independent data, in spite of measures being taken by ...
The cooperative banks (UCBs) have demanded restoration of income tax deduction for all cooperative banks under section 80 (P) of ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it would explore the possibility of raising capital through a ...
Terming human capital deficit as a major challenge to public sector banks, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today asked them to ...
Terming the RBI action to infuse liqidity "appropriate", Prime Minister's economic advisory panel chief C Rangarajan ...
Despite pressure on margins and concerns over asset quality, the banking sector as a whole will continue to display resilience, ...
The yield on 10-year government bond is likely to ease by 8 to 10 basis points this week in the wake of 75 bps cut in the Cash ...
A Delhi consumer forum has imposed a fine of Rs 15,000 on Corporation Bank for misplacing an account payee cheque worth Rs 45,220 ...
European Central Bank (ECB) president Mario Draghi signalled he’s done enough to battle the sovereign debt crisis, laying ...
Industry associations have welcomed the Reserve Bank’s cut in banks’ cash reserve ratio rule, but say they want more.
Rating agency Moody’s has affirmed Punjab National Bank (PNB)’s foreign currency long-term issuer rating ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell $58.8 million to  $294.98 billion in the week ended March 2, owing to fluctuation in ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao on Friday said the minimum statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) requirement should be ...
Federal Bank has set a target  to expand its branch network to 1,000 by the end of June.
In a pleasant surprise to the market, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday reduced the cash reserve ratio (CRR) — the ...
Riding on its consistent growth, Federal Bank is set to expand its footprint in Gujarat by adding eight branches to its current ...
A decision to cut the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) by 75 basis points will reduce pressure on liquidity ahead of payment of advances ...
Kochi-based Federal Bank would open 100 branches and 100 ATMs across the country tomorrow as part of an expansion drive.
A number of preconditions need to be met before statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) can be cut, Duvvuri Subbarao, governor of the ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India wants to divest its 18.81 per cent stake in state-owned Mahanagar Telephone Nigam ...
Ahead of credit policy review and budget, Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao on Wednesday met Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee and ...
HSBC Holdings, Europe’s largest bank by market value, agreed to sell some of its general insurance units in Asia and Latin ...
Twenty-six years after helping to design the London interbank offered rate, Britain's bank lobbyists are distancing themselves ...
General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC Re) faces a Rs 1,820-crore hit in net worth on account of the unprecedented claims ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to develop a unique system of customer identification across the banking system. ...
Ratings agency Moody’s on Wednesday downgraded various debt instruments of Bank of India by a notch, owing to a sharp rise ...
CD rates touch 11.5%; steep cut in CRR expected in credit policyRates on short-term debt instruments soared, as liquidity ...
Private sector insurer Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Ltd is eyeing big in the state of Assam as the company plans to ...
Public sector lenders Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Union Bank of India today said they would take a call on slashing interest rates ...
"...It is determined that the bank rate
should normally stay aligned to the MSF (marginal standing facility) rate.
Federal Bank has become the country’s first private sector lender to cut its base rate, or the minimum lending rate, after ...
Only a couple of years earlier, gold and platinum cards were perceived as enhancing the social status of cardholders.
However, ...
The rupee on Tuesday breached the 50-mark against the dollar after nearly six weeks, closing at 50.37, compared with ...
State-run Central Bank of India on Tuesday said it has received ISO 27001:2005 certification for compliance with the best ...
The outcome of the first of three key events of March left the market disappointed after the Congress party suffered a setback in ...
Ajay Piramal-promoted Piramal Healthcare and Kishore Biyani's Future Capital have invested Rs 310 crore in Mumbai-based real ...
The central government plans to increase its market borrowing through longer-dated securities to avoid big redemptions in the ...
Reflecting a sluggish demand for loans, bank credit posted a 15.6 per cent annual growth in February 2012.
The outstanding credit ...
Lenders to ailing Moser Baer India Ltd have proposed to scarify about Rs 265 crore of debt, including forgoing part of the ...
Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance (BSFL), the microfinance arm of BASIX Group, has requested banks to convert Rs 400 crore loans into ...
The move puts an end to the bankruptcy proceeding that began on September 15, 2008, when Lehman collapsed and rocked the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to reduce the cash reserve ratio (CRR) by 0.50%age points in the next mid-term policy ...
"UCBs are advised to take necessary steps to ensure that they are in readiness to adopt to IFRS convergence IAS from April ...
Civil society representatives, including National Advisory Council member Aruna Roy, Medha Patkar and Vandana Shiva have accused ...
The central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has not registered a case on a complaint of the home ministry seeking a probe into the ...
In about a month’s time from now, purchasing general insurance policies for health, motor and property could become more ...
Citibank has introduced an initiative that would offer savings deposit account holders services like draft issuance, duplicate ...
The spurt in M&As would result from reduced inflation and lower interest rates locally, said the survey by Deloitte India.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has expressed reservations about allowing the Life Insurance ...
The banking industry in the country needs to have a customer satisfaction audit done by an independent agency that should be put ...
As the system faces liquidity shortage and inflation came down to below seven per cent in January, pressure has mounted on RBI to ...
ICICI Bank and three other financial institutions on Monday agreed to float India's first infrastructure debt fund (IDF) with a ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor Subir Gokarn on Monday said liquidity infusion through open market operations (OMOs) ...
State-controlled Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India pumped in at least Rs 4,037 crore to buy 157 million shares in ...
Issuances of certificates of deposits (CDs) fell on Monday, compared with last week, owing to lower demand from banks.
According ...
I read the insurance regulator wants policies to be sold based on the customer's need.
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today said its expects the Reserve Bank to further reduce CRR and release ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank today said it has raised $500 million (about Rs 2,250 crore) through bonds to fund its overseas ...
Citigroup Inc expects to increase the number credit card customers it has in India by more than 20% a year over the next two to ...
Industrial development is key to the size of Cash Deposit Ratio (CDR) in a state and Bihar required to accelerate its industrial ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today raised rates on high value fixed deposits by up to 3.5% on select maturities ...
The Indian equity market is headed for good times in 2012, underpinned by the expectations of monetary easing by the Reserve Bank ...
There is still room for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut the cash reserve ratio (CRR) for banks, RBI Deputy Governor Subir ...
Small policyholders of the country’s largest life insurer are carrying the can for the government’s ambitious ...
The yield on government bonds is expected to be steady, as traders would be cautious amid tight liquidity.
There are hopes the ...
In a first of its kind alliance, three lenders have joined hands to form a non-banking finance company (NBFC) to support ...
IDBI Bank will continue to expand its loan book at a moderate pace of about 15 per cent annually in the next two financial years, ...
Moody's Investors Service on Friday cut Greece's sovereign debt rating to the lowest possible level after a debt-restructuring ...
European banking shares were upgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc analysts, who said they anticipate a boost in liquidity and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said it was watching the liquidity situation closely, and would act when required.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed foreign institutional investors (FIIs) to invest in primary issuances of ...
The government on Friday indicated the process of divesting its stake in Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) was underway.
Ambiguity over the ownership structure and issues related to governance in some of the old-generation private banks have raised ...
Cosmos Bank, a co-operative bank, on Friday inaugurated its first branch in Chennai.
The branch was inaugurated by S Karuppasamy, ...
Foreign exchange reserves grew by $1.61 billion to $296.05 billion for the second consecutive week on the back of a rise in the ...
Public issue of non-convertible debentures of Muthoot Finance Limited will open from March 2.
The issue is of a face value of Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday revised the supervisory action framework for urban co-operative banks, saying in case ...
The lack of pension and unit-linked insurance products (Ulips) continues to take a toll on the life insurance industry, ...
According to market participants, lenders, including IDBI Bank, UCO Bank and Central Bank of India, have raised funds for three ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has further tightened the guidelines for credit rating agencies (CRA). On ...
India’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, has increased service charges on savings bank accounts and has also ...
UK-based Standard Chartered bank that spends around $1 billion annually for its tech requirements prefers to keep away from the ...
Foreign funds may increase their holdings of Indian equities as the nation’s central bank joins policy makers globally in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday indicated it would prescribe higher capital adequacy norms than those proposed under ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor HR Khan said on Friday that options were open on a further cut in the cash reserve ratio ...
India's exporters have begun receiving the first rupee payments from Iran, Indian government and trade sources said on Thursday, ...
The euro zone’s manufacturing sector contracted for the seventh straight month in February, with factories in the ...
Banks are less likely to opt for take-out financing route to spread their risks in infrastructure financing in the next 12 months ...
Rating agency Icra today said it expects the asset quality of banks to deteriorate further, given the rising proportion of ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) expects a loan growth rate of 19% this fiscal.
ElectraCard Services (ECS), an electronic payments solution provider, has developed a new switch platform 'electra switch- iTx ...
In its attempt to hasten financial inclusion across the country, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to allow non-banking ...
Standard Chartered Bank, the largest foreign lender in the country with a network of 94 branches, on Wednesday said its pre-tax ...
The finance ministry is considering tweaking the norms banks follow while lending to the agricultural sector.
The move is aimed ...
The Central Bank of India’s outlook was cut to negative from stable by Moody’s Investors Service citing rising bad ...
Gold loan company Muthoot Finance said on Wednesday its Rs 500-crore bond issue, the third this financial year, will hit the ...
Amid tight liquidity conditions, the scramble to raise resources has made State Bank of India (SBI) raise short-term deposit ...
In a closely watched display of its firepower, the European Central Bank (ECB) on Wednesday issued to euro zone banks another ...
Year-end targets, coupled with the withdrawal pressure before advance tax payments, have led to banks accessing the Reserve Bank ...
Spanish financial sector player Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria (BBVA) has called off plans to acquire a 51 per cent stake in BOB ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said keeping monetary stimulus is warranted even as the unemployment rate falls and ...
Indian banks have asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to announce proper guidelines on the classification of restructured ...
HSBC, Europe's biggest lender, is significantly scaling down its private banking operations in West Asia, two sources told ...
The banking system is likely to face a bigger challenge from restructured accounts in the current environment than they had faced ...
Top bankers today sought more clarity from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) about classification of bad accounts and demanded that ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) is proposing an equity investment of $15 million or 20% of the fund’s total ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come out with a new strategy to boost export credit and promote exports by reactivating a ...
Commercial banks in Karnataka have achieved 100 per cent financial inclusion ahead of the March 2012 deadline set by the Reserve ...
Greater regulatory clarity, a stable operating environment, equity infusion and improved fund flow is working to the benefit of ...
According to sources, Jayakumar’s retirement was due this month.
His appointment as managing director and chief executive ...
At a time when slow economic growth has raised concern over the asset quality of banks and prompted the Reserve Bank of India ...
Standard & Poor’s yesterday cut Greece’s long-term ratings to ‘selective default’, the second ratings ...
IDBI Intech, the information technology arm of IDBI Bank, is reworking its business model to increase product development and ...
High crude prices amid the oil crisis in Iran pose inflationary risks in India.
This may come in the way of monetary easing by ...
The Indian Premier League (IPL) is turning out to be the biggest sporting extravaganza for the national cricket board — ...
HSBC Holdings Plc said on Monday it will likely face criminal or civil charges from an investigation into its ties to allegedly ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor KC Chakrabarty will meet top bankers tomorrow to discuss the rising non-performing assets (NPAs) in ...
India's foreign exchange reserves declined by as much as $10.5 billion in the one-month ending September, 2011 mainly due to the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to appoint nodal officers for boosting export credit and promote overseas ...
A day after SBI reduced rates on education loans, Union Bank of India today said it may cut interest rates on home and education ...
Karur Vysya Bank has formed a strategic alliance with credit card company SBI Cards to offer co-branded Visa credit cards to its ...
Subex, provider of Business Support Systems for Communications Service Providers, announced on Monday that RBI has approved the ...
SKS Microfinance, the only listed microfinance institution (MFI) in the country, said it had securitised Rs 354 crore of ...
Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) expects to close the transaction involving the acquisition of Royal Bank of ...
European Central Bank (ECB) president Mario Draghi’s success in quelling a bond-market rout across the euro region’s ...
India's largest lender, the State Bank of India (SBI), on Monday announced 25-100-basis point (bps) reduction in interest rates ...
Commercial banks in Karnataka have achieved 100 per cent financial inclusion ahead of the March 2012 deadline set by the Reserve ...
With moderation in domestic growth prospects, major Indian non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) are likely to see a drop in ...
Rating agency Moody’s on Monday said the severity of losses to Indian lenders from the cancellation of 122 telecom licences ...
Primary issuances of zero-coupon bonds have increased since the beginning of this year, as issuers target foreign investors who ...
Banks borrowed nearly Rs 1.8 lakh crore from the repo window of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday, indicating an acute ...
Emerging economies have said they would challenge a tradition that had placed an American at the head of the World Bank for ...
Global banking giant HSBC Holdings Plc today posted a 28% jump in its net profit at $16.79 billion for the year ended December ...
Operations in public sector banks may be hit tomorrow as employee unions will observe a day-long strike opposing outsourcing of ...
State-owned Indian Bank today said it may come out with follow-on public offer (FPO) next fiscal if market conditions are ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today reduced interest rates on education loans by up to 1% point across ...
Rates in the overnight call money market are expected to inch up, as banks would borrow to meet the reserve needs at the start of ...
Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank (KVGB) reached another milestone by crossing a business level of Rs 10000 crore.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said banks should ensure that loan defaulters are not put to embarrassment while debts are ...
Leading brokerage firm Enam Securities has said it is hopeful of its sale to Axis Bank -- pending for the last 16 months -- going ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has taken in-principle decision to slash interest on education loans by up ...
IDBI Bank's infotech subsidiary on Saturday said it is in the process of partnering with business analytics software and services ...
Most Asian currencies strengthened this week, with the Thai baht climbing to a five-month high, as upbeat US economic data and ...
Global hedge fund assets may rise 12 per cent this year to a record $2.26 trillion, as investors reduce cash and seek returns, ...
The MF Global saga could soon become a legal battle between hedge funds and the futures brokerage's shortchanged customers, with ...
While lenders are keen on diverting basic banking facilities from the traditional branch model to the automated electronic route, ...
Citigroup Inc, the third largest lender by assets in the US, on Friday sold its entire 9.85 per cent stake in the country’s ...
India's foreign exchange reserves rose $56 million to $293 billion for the week ended February 17.
According to the Reserve Bank ...
The government has nominated D K Mittal, secretary, Department of Financial Services, as a director on the board of Reserve Bank ...
The rupee today ended below 49-mark at 48.93/94 -- its three-week high level -- against the American currency on sustained dollar ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the stress being faced by lenders from their exposures to the aviation sector is a ...
ArthVeda Fund Management, the PE arm of Dewan Housing Finance Limited (DHFL), has tied up with Credit Analysis & Research Ltd ...
The time is ripe for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to start the rate reversal cycle. economists say.
This is because owing to a ...
Public sector Canara Bank is providing more thrust on loans to self-help groups in Andhra Pradesh as well as in the country. ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Commerzbank AG of Germany and France's Credit Agricole SA booked losses on their Greek ...
RBS paid its investment bankers an average of about 112,000 pounds ($176,108) each including salary, bonus and pension, ...
State-run National Bank for Agriculture & Rural Development (Nabard) has justified its restructuring and repositioning ...
Citigroup is looking to exit Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) completely.
The financial major has invited bids to sell its ...
US banks pushed regulators to widen proposed restrictions on trading and hedge-fund ownership by foreign firms, then encouraged ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will issue equity shares to the Union government on a preferential basis at Rs 2,191.69 a share.
This ...
For the second time in as many months, SBI Caps is in the line of fire from bankers for approaching them with a raw deal.
Profits in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index are rising faster than its price, leaving the gauge nine per cent cheaper ...
Five states — Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra — account for the highest value of ...
This year, Spain’s banking sector looks set to shrink to about 10 lenders from more than 40 before the economic crisis, as ...
Citigroup Inc, which last week admitted breaking Federal Housing Administration rules and paid a fine, also violated regulations ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Duvvuri Subbarao is not interested in carrying on in his present job after his term ends in ...
Kingfisher Airlines’ cup of woes is brimming, with lenders declining to extend further loans.
The tough stand by the ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Wednesday said it proposed to raise Rs 1,590 crore by selling about 15.8 million shares to LIC.
Rating agencies on Wednesday warned against more exposure to debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines, saying more debt may hit ...
The slowdown in the life insurance industry has taken a toll on individual agents.
According to data collected by Life Insurance ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is set to revamp product designing practices in the life insurance ...
To increase the retail lending and give thrust to the home loan portfolio, Vijaya Bank has launched a special campaign by ...
With early signs of improvement in the market sentiments and talks of a likely cut in the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR), public sector ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's top lender, will issue shares to the government at Rs 2,191.69 a piece to raise about Rs ...
Fitch cut Greece’s long-term ratings today to its lowest rating above a default, becoming the first ratings agency to make ...
Only five Indian companies would be in a position to choose most available redemption options for their foreign currency ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced that it would purchase government securities worth Rs 12,000 crore through open ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it proposed to raise Rs 1,590 crore by selling about 15.8 million shares to ...
Muthoot Capital Services Ltd (MCSL), a Non Banking Finance Company (NBFC) arm of Muthoot Pappachan Group focusing on automobile ...
Rating agency Fitch on Tuesday downgraded Dhanlaxmi Bank's subordinated debt (Rs 17 crore) to 'BBB-' from 'BBB' as the ...
UBS AG's decision to become first-confessor as regulators probe the alleged manipulation of interest rates will ratchet up the ...
As a liquidity crunch continues in the banking system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said it will consider infusing ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has revived its plan for a qualified institutional placement (QIP) of Rs 1,000 crore.
The ...
During its interactions with banks, the M V Nair Committee, set up to review priority sector norms, found most wanted to do away ...
Foreign banks may soon have to bring their targets for lending to the priority sector on a par with the targets of domestic ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's top lender, has not given fresh loans to debt-crippled Kingfisher Airlines, an official ...
The Reserve Bank of India said on Tuesday that banks need to maintain additional liquid assets as part of Basel III guidelines, ...
In mid-2011, with the US economy at risk of a new recession, top Federal Reserve officials began to explore a different way to ...
A Reserve Bank panel on priority sector lending today recommended retaining the existing 40% ceiling for the segment while ...
The Punjab National Bank (PNB), India’s second largest bank, has done a business of Rs 14500 crore till December, 2011, ...
The Supreme Court has allowed the appeals of major banks in Kerala and dismissed the appeals by the Income Tax department in a ...
In a bid to give more options in long-term investments and to hedge interest rate risks for life insurance companies, the ...
With Interbank Mobile Payment Service (IMPS) in place, banks are now leveraging their existing corporate clientele to replace ...
Public sector general insurance firm United India Insurance Company is planning to complete implementation of core insurance ...
Punjab National Bank, the country’s second largest lender, wanted to buy 30 per cent stake in MetLife Insurance for Rs 1, ...
State-owned Syndicate Bank today said it would raise up to Rs 539 crore through issue of preferential shares to the government of ...
China’s central bank cut the amount of cash banks must hold in reserves on Saturday, boosting lending capacity by an ...
With a couple of auctions remaining in the government’s market borrowing plan for the current financial year, higher demand ...
To prop up the sagging home loan market, state-run lenders Central Bank of India (CBI) and Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) have ...
State-owned Indian Bank has introduced account portability feature which allows its customers to retain the account number even ...
Inflation is likely to be in the range of 6.5-7.6% during next few months and the moderation is expected to prompt the Reserve ...
After rising for two years, interest rates have finally started softening, providing the much-needed relief to retail customers.
As part of its programme to infuse liquidity, the Reserve Bank has bought bonds worth Rs 9,857.42 crore through open market ...
At a time when the life insurance industry is staring at its worst growth rate, the Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
Citigroup Inc, the third-biggest US bank by assets, will let managers of its hedge funds own part of the business, ahead of rules ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) is swapping its Greek bonds for new ones to ensure it isn’t forced to take losses in a debt ...
It seems Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) governor D Subbarao favours the minority when it comes to monetary policy actions. ...
Rates on certificates of deposit (CDs) touched a one-year high as banks borrowed aggressively from the debt markets on Friday. ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank is likely to close this fiscal with net interest margin (NIM) of 2.85-3% despite ...
China, the largest foreign lender to the US, reduced its holdings of Treasuries in December to the least since June 2010 amid ...
The finance ministry has written to all public sector banks (PSBs) asking them to ensure profits are not overstated and to make ...
Four years after rotten mortgages helped trigger a global financial crisis, Sherry Hunt said her Citigroup Inc quality-control ...
The current financial year would be a year to forget for the Indian life insurance industry.
Stuart Davis, chief executive of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) in India, is likely to be shifted to Singapore ...
Despite the rupee taking a U-turn and appreciating against the dollar, the lure of high-interest income seems to be attracting ...
As European lenders seek to deleverage their books to meet new capital adequacy norms amid the euro zone sovereign debt crisis, ...
Vikram Akula has served a legal notice to SKS Microfinance, the company he founded in 1997 and in which he served as executive ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank is set to pick up three-five per cent stake in private sector life insurer Aviva Life ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held its Central Board of Directors meeting at Bhubaneswar on Thursday.
Governor D.
Subbarao ...
A majority of external members of the Reserve Bank of India's advisory panel on monetary policy had suggested a cut in the repo ...
Moody’s warned on Thursday it may cut the credit ratings of 17 global and 114 European financial institutions in another ...
Stuart Davis, chief executive of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) in India, is likely to move to Singapore in ...
You can now apply for a personal loan during your lunch break, without stepping out of the office.
If the paperwork is proper, ...
The Madras high court has not granted relief to a petitioner seeking the introduction of legislation in Tamil Nadu to curb ...
The European Central Bank said it will lend $3.7 billion for seven days to euro area banks to ease tensions in money markets.
Arecent report on insurance awareness showed 60 per cent of insured households were not able to clearly understand the extent of ...
The clamour for rate cuts became louder after January’s headline inflation stood at 6.5 per cent.
However, what makes ...
Greece said that Europe’s wealthier countries are “playing with fire” by toying with the idea of expelling it ...
With a billion-dollar deal by Reliance Industries (RIL), India Inc’s desire to tap foreign funds received a new spark. ...
If everything goes well, there will be no unbanked village in Punjab and Haryana by next month-end. The mission is to provide ...
After bank accounts and card products, comes a specially designed product for women from the insurance sector — Women ...
France's biggest listed bank, BNP Paribas, is expected to report a 63 per cent slump in quarterly profit on Wednesday, hit by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today clarified that Non-Resident Indians (NRI) and Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) are not ...
One out of every four people do not think that life insurance is important, reveals an Irda sponsored study, which also made a ...
The apex bank made this observation while reviewing the FIP's during the State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) meeting for ...
With agriculture emerging as the most stressed segment for State Bank of India, SBI chief financial officer Diwakar Gupta today ...
Sending a strong signal for urgent fiscal consolidation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said it would look for strong ...
Yields on government bonds eased on Tuesday as a fall in headline inflation to a 26-month low in January raised hopes for an ...
The Union finance ministry is considering a proposal to relax the tax structure for Qualified Foreign Investors (QFIs).
Rating agency Moody’s warned it may cut the triple-A ratings of France, Britain and Austria and it downgraded six other ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said it will allow non-banking institutions to set up, own and operate ATMs.
Microfinance companies in the country finally have something to cheer about.
Banks have started offering loans to micro-lenders. ...
Taking note of the dependence of Punjab’s small and marginal farmers on non-institutional sources for funds, Nabard ...
Every day, between 7.30 pm and 11 pm, a top official of a public sector bank gets text messages from 46 zonal managers.
The ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced that it will purchase government securities worth Rs 10,000 crore through open ...
Leading ratings agency Standard & Poor's today said the rating for the State Bank of India (SBI) was not affected despite a ...
The Union finance ministry has directed banks to set up ‘ultra small’ branches in all villages under the financial ...
Despite infusion of Rs 32,000 crore in January through a cut of 50 basis points in CRR, liquidity has continued to stay way above ...
State Bank of India is likely to merge its factoring arm, SBI Global Factors Ltd, a company which posted loss of Rs 125 crore in ...
Robust growth in net interest income helped State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, to post a 16.4 per cent ...
While most non-banking finance corporations (NBFCs) continue to shy away from the micro-lending business, L&T Finance is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday realigned the bank rate to marginal standing facility (MSF) rate in one-time technical ...
The government has allowed the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to increase stake in public sector entities beyond the 10 per ...
The slowdown in 2009 saw many public sector organisations coming to the rescue of the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs). ...
Continuing its investor friendly momentum, Orissa has attracted investments worth Rs 12.08 lakh crore across sectors till the end ...
Axis Bank has reappointed Shikha Sharma as Managing Director for a further period of 3 years.
State Bank of India (SBI) plans to raise money from overseas markets under its medium-term-note programme (MTN) in the current ...
The survey is intended to collect comprehensive information relating to the nature, pattern and operation of the foreign ...
Traditional cheques may soon be a thing of the past.
In perhaps a world's first, a team of British researchers claims to have ...
The rupee is likely to undergo further correction as developments in the euro zone unfold this week, say market participants. ...
YES Bank has approached the World Bank group member, International Finance Corpor-ation (IFC), for a $75-million loan to augment ...
It is almost curtains to the 'Super Circle of Excellence', once a high-profile retail initiative at the State Bank of India.
The ...
A week after he took charge of Dhanlaxmi Bank, PG Jayakumar decided to cut costs to strengthen the financial position of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised its bank rate to 9.5% from 6% with immediate effect, to align it with the marginal ...
Insurance should be taken after giving sufficient thought to your requirements.
Like, for how long it is needed and what kind of ...
UniCredit SpA, Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SpA were among 34 Italian financial firms downgraded by ...
Public sector Bank of Baroda (BoB) will expand its overseas network by increasing up its presence in Africa, Middle East and ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell by $177 million to $294 billion for the week ended February 3, 2012, after rising ...
Banks with a large network of automated teller machines (ATM) will now be able to generate additional revenue by advertising ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Friday said it was time to have a relook at the country’s ...
Reliance Industries (RIL) has raised $1 billion (nearly Rs 5,000 crore) by selling foreign currency bonds to investors abroad ...
Thursday was a big payday for Deutsche Bank (DB), which ended its tumultuous relationship with the Mumbai-based Lodha Group.
For ...
Suspected dollar sales by the Reserve Bank of India helped the rupee recover all intraday losses on Friday, but the currency ...
Pressed to meet priority sector lending target, banks have stepped-up securitisaton deals, with the non-Andhra Pradesh portfolio ...
A quick rebound after a sharp fall in the rupee has baffled the financial satraps of India Inc, now only taking a short-term view ...
In what made it the first micro insurance agent of L&T Insurance, Ahmedabad-based VimoSEWA entered into a strategic ...
The biggest US banks will provide about $25 billion in relief to distressed homeowners, as state and federal officials hold ...
At a time when the finance ministry is taking pro-active steps to smoothen the process of top-level appointments in banks, the ...
A couple of days after Dhanlaxmi Bank's chief executive resigned, the top post in Tamilnad Mercantile Bank has also become ...
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is to wind down some parts of its equities operations as part of a broader cutback of its investment ...
Credit Suisse posted a surprise fourth-quarter net loss after taking almost 1 billion Swiss francs ($1.1 billion) of charges to ...
Public sector lender Bank of India will revamp up to 350 key branches in metro and large cities to project these as “Branch ...
The government has nominated department of financial services Secretary D K Mittal on the board of directors of the Reserve Bank ...
Government-owned Air India, which is to issue non-convertible debentures (NCDs) to raise funds for repaying its debt mountain, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today assured market participants that bond purchases under open market operations (OMOs) have ...
The effect of economic slowdown continues to weigh negatively on credit demand.
Bank disbursement of loans shrunk for the second ...
Capital market regulator Sebi has decided to share with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs the names of about 500 companies that ...
The finance ministry is planning to appoint an independent advisor at the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), ...
Buoyed by impressive net interest income margins, State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, hopes for better than ...
Rising corruption cases, terrorism and heavy fines paid by global financial institutions have forced the financial services ...
L&T Finance is actively looking to enhance its product line and is looking to foray into a business that many foreign players ...
Buoyed by impressive net interest margins, State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender hopes to post better than ...
Banks’ credit to the microfinance, telecom, jute and tea sectors shrank in April-December 2011, as lenders turned cautious ...
Singapore state investor Temasek Holdings is selling 1.38 per cent stake in India’s No. 2 lender, ICICI Bank, according to ...
India and Iran’s new mechanism to partially settle their oil trade in rupees may remain a non-starter unless India’s ...
The Gujarat State Cooperative Bank (GSCB) and 10 district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) have signed a service level agreement ...
Simplifying norms for overseas borrowers, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said they will no longer require its approval to ...
Anil Ambani-promoted Reliance Life Insurance Company is expecting to post profit in the current fiscal.
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest state-owned lender, today said its profit this fiscal will surpass that of last ...
High inflation, a weak government fiscal position and slower economic growth will negatively impact India’s sovereign ...
Amitabh Chaturvedi, managing director and chief executive of Dhanlaxmi Bank, has called it a day, three years after he took ...
“Acceptance of deposits either by Manappuram Finance Limited or by Manappuram Agro Farms (MAGRO) is punishable with ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector lender, saw its employee base shrink by 1,300 people in the past three months of calendar ...
The Union finance ministry on Monday said banks have an exposure of about Rs 15,800 crore to those telecom operators whose 2G ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India may go in for restructuring of some of its loans given to power companies in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s latest notification to banks, to exclude stamp duty, registration and like charges while ...
The sharp decline in the rupee in the second half of 2011 has aided domestic banks with large foreign presence to report strong ...
The yield on government bonds are expected to stay range-bound with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) signalling intent to conduct ...
The banking sector, reeling under a rise in non-performing assets (NPAs) from the corporate sector, is seeking to hedge loans to ...
With age, our commitments increase.
Be it your child, wife or parents, they all demand financial security.
And this is the very ...
The board of Indian Bank has approved the merger of the bank’s wholly-owned asset management subsidiary, Indfund Management ...
The rupee opened stronger on Monday after surprisingly robust US jobs data bolstered investor risk appetite across world markets.
Country's largest lender State Bank of India has decided to waive guarantees and annual service fees on loans given to small and ...
The Reserve Bank has asked banks to set up dedicated verticals to help small and medium businesses to deal with financial
Treasuries declined after the US jobless rate unexpectedly fell to the lease in three years, raising skepticism about Federal ...
Investors grew more optimistic about most emerging Asian currencies in the last two weeks, adding bets on the Indian rupee and ...
After a blockbuster January for both equities and bonds — rallies that caught many in the market by surprise — ...
India's foreign exchange reserves rose marginally by $673 million to $294 billion for the week ended January 27.
According to the ...
Indian banks, with exposure to second-generation mobile service licence, may see yearly profits fall by up to 10 per cent due to ...
The country’s central bank on Friday swung into action to take stock of banks’ exposure to the telecom firms affected ...
A public interest litigation has prompted the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority to issue a draft guideline mandating ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to cut rates aggressively even as economic growth appears to have slowed and ...
The State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, will name and shame 'wilful' defaulters and put their pictures in ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc was ordered by a federal judge to face a securities class-action lawsuit accusing it of misleading ...
In a bid to encourage refinancing to warehousing projects, the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) will ...
Bankers are unperturbed and chose to play down concerns that their loans to telecom operators would turn non-performing following ...
While India has been the largest recipient of remittances globally for the past few years, political unrest in the West Asian and ...
With a rise in the cost of funds and higher provisions for bad loans and restructured assets, Corporation Bank posted a marginal ...
Says it will also restructure its Rs 1,300-cr loan to Rajasthan state power company.
Manappuram Finance Limited has declared a net profit of Rs 161.37 crore, up 117 per cent in the third quarter of the current ...
Public sector lender, Andhra Bank, witnessed a decline of 8.45 per cent in its net profit at Rs 303 crore for the third quarter ...
The finance ministry will be infusing Rs 18,000 crore in the current financial in 12 banks, including the State Bank of India ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday asked banks to consider policies to limit unhedged foreign-currency exposures of clients to ...
Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp (SMBC) completed a $300 million loan deal for ...
The Reserve Bank of India's choice of securities to buy in open market operations is not aimed at reducing the cost of borrowing ...
There is no room for aggressive rate cuts in India in the current situation, Subir Gokarn, a deputy governor of the Reserve Bank ...
With credit growth not picking up owing to a high interest rate regime, many banks are now apprehensive about meeting their ...
To prevent adverse impact of volatile forex market movement on corporates and their lenders, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, today said it has an exposure of Rs 4,500 crore in the telecom companies ...
Public-sector lender Andhra Bank witnessed a decline of 8.5% in net profit at Rs 303 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
Indian Bank has exposure to the tune of around Rs 39 crore towards 2G licences, which according to Bank's senior official is ...
At least 38 private equity deals worth nearly Rs 4,500 crore ($890 million) were sealed in January, according to Research firm ...
US private equity firms Carlyle Group and Warburg Pincus took advantage of recent market gains to pare stakes in two financial ...
After the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) rejected the proposal to provide an ‘SLR’ status to bonds, lenders have now ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender State Bank of Mysore (SBM) on Thursday reported 15.9 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 110.9 ...
After backing SKS Microfinance, Sequoia Capital is now betting on another microfinance player, Bangalore-based urban poor-focused ...
The Reserve Bank of India is not looking at giving banks a one-time leeway on provisioning towards non-performing assets at the ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, said interest rates may ease before the central bank reduces the ...
The insurance regulator is determined to make agents graduate into “advisors” and is coming up with a detailed ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, is likely to restructure Rs 1,300 crore of loans in the current ...
Central Bank of India may restructure loans worth over Rs 7,000 crore of the state government owned power distribution companies ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sees a need to cap the total public debt as a proportion of the gross domestic product, ...
The euphoria over the National Highways Authority of India’s (NHAI) bond issuance not only allowed the public sector entity ...
The non-performing assets of Indian banks are expected to touch 4% of the total assets from about 3% in 2011, Fitch said in a ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned a grant assistance of Rs 20 lakh to Ahmedabad ...
With volumes thinning as compared to other currency markets, the rupee-dollar market sways to the whims of the overseas investors ...
The bank had posted a net profit of Rs 1,089.77 crore for the October-December quarter of the previous financial year.
IDBI Bank’s net profit dipped to Rs 410 crore in third quarter from Rs 454 crore in October-December 2010.
Its chief ...
At a time when a majority of banks are opting for a higher provisioning that is depleting their bottom line, ICICI Bank has gone ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to allow all private sector banks to undertake Central and state government business, ...
Liquidity continues to remain beyond the comfort level of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), even as the Cash Reserve Ratio for ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has acquired the non-performing portfolio of Barclays Bankâ€™s credit card business in India.
Five years after its investment, private equity major Carlyle Group may exit a quarter of investment in mortgage lender HDFC Ltd.
The plan of microfinance institutions (MFIs) in Andhra Pradesh to restructure debts is yet to find favour with banks, as lenders ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced that it would purchase government securities worth Rs 10,000 crore through open ...
Indiabulls Financial Services Ltd (IFSL) has pegged its capital requirement, including the debt component, at Rs 1,500 crore to ...
Public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) on Monday reported a 13 per cent decline in net profit to Rs 354.22 crore ...
On the back of a Rs 80 crore write-back, LIC Housing Finance on Monday reported a 43.19 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 305.69 ...
Backed by higher fee-based income and growth in core operations, Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank posted a 35 per cent growth in net ...
Indian Bank is planning to raise around Rs 1,000 crore through Tier-II capital
bonds, to augment its Tier-II capital.
The bank ...
Air India’s debt recast plan has hit a deadlock with both the national carrier and banks continuing to stick to their stand ...
Amid hectic parleys on various options for payment to Iran for oil imports, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said it was ...
After highest net asset value (NAV) guaranteed products, the single premium, two-year premium and three-year premium policies are ...
State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, will need to raise funds beyond the Rs 7,900 crore assured by the government ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India has launched a new product called Jeevan Ankur in the child plan space that aims to meet ...
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said the bank has approved a fund infusion to the tune of 1,285 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today dispensed with the rule under which banks were required to seek its approval for opening ...
State-owned lender Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) today reported a 33% dip in net profit at Rs 91.63 crore for the third quarter ...
The liquidity increase by the 50-basis-point cut in the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) and signals on future open market operations ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) posted a 53 per cent drop in its net profit at Rs 108 crore for the quarter ended December 31, as ...
The rupee is expected to keep a firm grip on the upward trajectory, backed by support from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has launched Green Channel Counter (GCC), an innovative step towards eco-friendly, paperless ...
In what could be a game-changing move, banks may be allowed to hedge their risks in the commodity futures market.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will watch for a sustained fall in inflation before it moves ahead with a cut in policy rates, ...
The rupee retreated from a near three-month high on Monday, weighed by weak equities, dollar demand from a local steelmaker and ...
The Reserve Bank is unlikely to cut lending rate before April despite moderation in inflation, but may further reduce the Cash ...
The Bloomberg-JPMorgan Asia Dollar Index climbed to a three-month high as money managers plowed more cash into regional bonds and ...
The credit ratings of Italy, Spain and three other euro-area countries were cut by Fitch Ratings, which said the five nations ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s biggest lender, said it could revive international fundraising plans in three-four ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance, a joint venture of Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and Legal & General of UK, here on Friday launched ...
The central bank seems to be in an unusually generous mood on new banking licences.
In a sharp departure from its earlier ...
In a significant development, the Supreme Court on Friday stayed the verdict of Orissa High Court that had quashed the state ...
The rupee rose to a 12-week high against the dollar, owing to higher fund inflows that reflected the return of risk-taking ...
Higher provisioning towards non-performing assets, depreciation in investments and lower net interest income saw Canara ...
Bank of India reported a 9.65 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 716 crore in the third quarter, primarily owing to robust ...
Life policy issuances shrink 11% in April-December; premium collection by general insurers rises 24%.
Industrial cycle in India may soon move from a slowdown to a recovery phase as the rate of change in leading indications shows ...
Tax-free bond issues of Indian Railways Finance Corporation (IRFC) and Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) saw ...
The Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank has recorded an increase of 18 per cent in global business at Rs 534,710 ...
Euro zone finance officials voiced optimism on Friday that a deal to avert a disorderly Greek default was imminent and that key ...
Calling for a more secured environment in the Indian banking system, a senior official of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said ...
The All India Regional Rural Bank Officers’ Federation (AIRRBOF) and All India Bank Officers’ Confederation (AIBOC) ...
Plans to set up a third party administrator (TPA) for managing health insurance claims by the four public sector insurance ...
Banks have witnessed a sharp growth in deposits from non-resident Indians (NRIs) in the past month, thanks to higher interest ...
Manipal-headquartered public sector lender Syndicate Bank reported a 32 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 338 crore for the third ...
State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, said it could revive international fundraising plans in 3-4 months, in a sign ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may intervene in the forward foreign exchange market, in addition to the spot market, to help ...
Opens door for Fed to return to buying securities to buttress a weak recovery and keep inflation from slipping below 2% target.
Banks will now have greater say with respect to Indian companies raising external commercial borrowings (ECBs). The Reserve Bank ...
For helping banks to restructure loans extended to Air India, which the airline is now unable to repay as scheduled, the RBI ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) chairman J Hari Narayan has asked health insurance companies to devise ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) plans to ban loans by life insurance companies against unit-linked life ...
For long, it has been the forte of private sector banks, but now state-run lenders plan to join the party.
Nudged by the ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has sanctioned an amount of Rs 114.07 crore under Rural ...
The present regulation does not give the banking regulator power to supervise bank subsidiaries, as the central bank can only ...
Vijaya Bank, the Bangalore-based Government of India owned bank, is looking at a close to 6 per cent growth in advances to Rs ...
State-run lender Union Bank of India has reported a 66 per cent fall in net profit at Rs 197 crore, compared with Rs 579 crore in ...
Outstanding loan dues in the banking system shrunk by Rs 11,167 crore in the first fortnight of January, in line with the fall in ...
Starting next financial year, six large public sector banks, with business of more than Rs 3 lakh crore, are set to get a third ...
Private sector lender YES Bank on Tuesday said its net profit for the quarter ended December 31 rose 33 per cent to Rs 254 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has refused to convert Air India's Rs 18,000-crore debt to statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) bonds.
The pricing with regard to motor insurance products would go up according to the formula prescribed last year but the rise would ...
The Union health ministry is in the process of finalising the standardisation of 100-odd procedures related to hospital ...
Manipal-headquartered public sector lender Syndicate Bank has reported a 32 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 338 crore for the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao on Tuesday said banks should have a board-approved policy on hedging of foreign ...
Headline inflation does not need to get to a particular number for the Reserve Bank of India to act on interest rates, Deputy ...
Deputy Governor of RBI Subir Gokarn today said he would not rule out conducting open market operations (OMO) subsequent to the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said there is no concern about the level of non-performing assets (NPAs) in the banking ...
The Reserve Bank today said the government should deregulate diesel prices in order to contain the trade deficit, which is ...
The Reserve Bank today suggested that the government should endeavour to contain high fiscal deficit, which has been restraining ...
The Reserve Bank's decision to cut cash reserve ratio (CRR) by half a percentage point will boost the economic growth by ...
There is no immediate respite to home, auto and corporate loan borrowers in terms of their monthly equated instalments (EMIs) but ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) took the half way route today by keeping key policy rates unchanged, but cut the cash reserve ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Monday said capital flows to India may reverse if the sovereign debt crisis in Europe worsened. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said the deceleration in growth in advances was due to the risk-aversion strategy ...
Property developers have slowed new project launches and are sitting on large land banks to retain pricing power.
This has aided ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank on Monday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended December 31 rose 21 per cent to Rs 463 crore ...
Forecasters have revised the country’s growth projection downward, as global uncertainties now indicate the degree of the ...
Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) plans to raise close to Rs 4,000 crore through tax-free bonds by the end of March.
The ...
Though Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) would begin issuing tax-free bonds on the same date as Indian Railways ...
A build-up in credit concentration, a sharp increase in lending to the aviation and power sectors, and the weakening asset ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said weakening economic growth prospects would provide “some space for the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) on Monday launched Jeevan Ankur, its first life insurance product in the current fiscal ...
The rapid decline in fiscal health and deterioration in the external sector outlook has prompted the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Citigroup Inc said it would cut about 100 jobs in India, where it has been expanding rapidly, while reiterating that the country ...
Indian banks may reduce lending rates for select sectors including those that are seeing higher demand for credit and lower level ...
The Reserve Bank of India left interest rates on hold on Tuesday but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks by 50 basis points, a ...
The Reserve Bank of India cut cash reserve requirements for banks in a move to ease tight liquidity, signaling a policy shift ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said the sharp decline in food inflation was due to a seasonal fall in vegetable prices ...
The bank had posted a net profit of Rs 143.10 crore for the corresponding quarter last fiscal, Federal Bank said in a filing to ...
The finance ministry’s ambitious plan to implement portability in savings accounts has not found favour with the Reserve ...
The finance ministry wants the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to switch its policy stance, with growth concerns occupying centre ...
Whether the market continues to add to the spectacular gains since the New Year would largely depend upon the Reserve Bank of ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender Karnataka Bank Limited on Saturday reported a massive jump of 86.7 per cent in net profit ...
Global ratings agency Moody's has said inflation in India is likely to moderate to around 6.5% by the middle of this year and the ...
Asian currencies had a third weekly gain, led by the rupee and South Korea’s won, as signs of a global economic recovery ...
State-run lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has repor-ted 50.2 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 135.54 crore for the quarter ...
China is filling a lending vacuum in Asia as European banks limp home to preserve capital, and is making sure loans have spin-off ...
Settlement amount for 18 victims, out of a possible 800, reaches well above $1 million.
Axis Bank, the third-largest private sector lender in the country, on Friday said its net profit for the quarter ended December ...
RBI infuses Rs 10,435 crore through OMOs.
Looking to tap the Indian market for electronic financial transactions, Mieux Infracon Ltd, an Ahmedabad-based e-commerce ...
The bank had posted a net profit of Rs 256.19 crore for the corresponding quarter last fiscal, 2010-11, Syndicate Bank said in a ...
The bank had posted a net profit of Rs 90.25 crore for the corresponding quarter last fiscal, BoM said in a filing to the Bombay ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today bought bonds worth Rs 10,435 crore through open market operations (OMO), against a target ...
Mumbai, Jan 20 (PTI) Snapping its six-day gaining streak, the rupee today closed down by six paise to end at 50.31/32 against the ...
Tax-free bonds by infrastructure entities like the National Highways Authority of India are drawing interest from private equity ...
SKS Microfinance on Thursday said its net loss for the quarter ended December 31 widened to Rs 427.8 crore from Rs 385 crore in ...
HDFC Bank on Thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended December 31, rose 31 per cent to Rs 1,429.7 crore, compared with ...
Lenders to Air India (AI) met on Thursday to vet its revised debt restructuring proposal and said the troubled government ...
Interest rates on short-term debt instruments touched double digits on Thursday, as banks raised funds to meet credit growth ...
Hedge funds have been known to use hardball tactics to make money.
Now they have come up with a new one: suing Greece in a human ...
High-value term deposits in banks may not be subjected to tax deducted at source (TDS) if the finance ministry agrees to ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) on Thursday launched a loan product for purchase of gold and gold ornaments that carries 13 per ...
Banks are working with the RBI to explore the possibility of extending loan repayment period for those power sector companies ...
HDFC Bank today reported a 31% growth in its net profit at Rs 1,429.66 crore for the December quarter, mainly on account of ...
Attractive interest rates on term deposits for non-resident Indians (NRIs) and investment options in domestic debt played in ...
At 7% of AUM, it could be one of the most expensive deals in the space.
The recent controversy surrounding pension plans has taken another turn, with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
Moody’s Investors Service cut financial-strength ratings for Commerzbank AG (CBK), Germany’s second- largest lender, ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, the New York-based bank that eliminated 2,400 jobs last year, reduced its compensation and benefits ...
The cost of protecting against default in India is surging to a three-year high as investors bet that the government will fail to ...
Banks’ love affair with Indian arts seems to be blossoming.
Not only the domestic banks are investing money to preserve and ...
The promoters of Bajaj Finance plan to infuse about Rs 300 crore this quarter to beef up the company’s Tier-I capital. ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is proposing to raise its lending capacity by $500 billion to insulate the global economy ...
It seems all that glitters ultimately turns out to be gold.
India’s top banks are now vying for market share in the gold
...
The board of Tuticorin-headquartered Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) has approved an interim dividend of Rs 900 per share of Rs 10 ...
The company's Gross Written Premium (GWP) for 2010 stood at Rs 528 crore, Bharti AXA General said in a statement.
Reliance Communications (RCom), the flagship company of Anil Ambani-led Reliance Group has arranged loan for refinancing its ...
Soon, you would be able to buy a health insurance plan from a neighbourhood pharmacy, or be advised on such a plan by your ...
Ten-year bonds were little changed after this week’s losses, amid speculation that investors would pare holdings before a ...
The rates on overnight indexed swaps (OIS) have started rising, as markets anticipate that a reversal in the monetary tightening ...
Large capital market players such as Reliance Capital, Edelweiss, India Infoline, Religare and India Bulls have diversified and ...
With a strong flow of portfolio investment in the capital market, the rupee on Tuesday closed at a two-month high of 50.71 ...
Quarter-closing rush, high volatility in foreign exchange rate, RBI steps to curb speculative trading see volumes rise to $107 bn ...
Lenders in India are not investing in digital platform for banking even as customers are ready to pay for service which they use, ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it would be difficult for lenders to provide more funds to debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines ...
HDFC Bank has been featured by 'Harvard Business Review' in a list of 10 companies globally that have grown their net income by ...
Aided by a robust jump in net interest income and improved margins, private sector lender ING Vysya Bank on Monday reported a 44 ...
“The finance ministry had approved (the plan) long back.
Even the Planning Commission’s approval is in place.
It ...
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) may partner Edelweiss Financial Services for the $1-billion private equity (PE) fund it plans to ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) plans to convert all of its metro and urban branches across the country into sales and service outfits known ...
Stringent licensing norms, new persistency guidelines make it the least preferred option.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) said it aims to expand lending capacity to counter the impact of Europe’s escalating ...
Investment bankers generally laugh all the way to the bank once shares get listed on the bourses, but they may have to hang ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) on Monday revised the charges to be taken from private sector ...
The government has agreed to infuse fresh capital of Rs 775 crore in Bank of Baroda (BoB) by the end of March 2012, Chairman and ...
IDBI Bank has set up an online portal for retailing bonds by the central and state governments, respectively.
Retail investors ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank is in talks with Asian Development Bank (ADB) to secure a part-guarantee for its $200-million bond ...
Despite headline inflation showing signs of easing, the wait for a reversal of the central bank’s policy stance may be ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's biggest lender, is not looking at raising more funds, its chairman told Reuters a day ...
South Indian Bank has registered 32% jump in net profit at Rs 280 crore for the third quarter ended December 31 and plans to ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) plans to expand its international operations by opening more than a dozen branches and representative ...
ING Vysya Bank reported a 43.3% increase in its net profit at Rs 119 cr for the quarter ended December 31, 2011.
It was Rs 83 ...
Inflation (WPI) for December 2011, riding on high base coupled with lower food prices, at 7.47% is significantly lower than 9.11% ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will increase the interest rate on car loans by at least 50 basis points from tomorrow to bring these ...
Despite the loans extended to Kingfisher Airlines being declared as non performing assets (NPAs) — even as a part of these ...
Software major withdraws all its deposits from the country’s largest bank.
Earnings and financial condition of only a few companies influencing sentiment.
Country's largest lender State Bank of India has halved the home loan processing fee, a move which could be followed by other ...
A new video game has gotten its hooks into Brian Kealer, a 26-year-old San Francisco software engineer.
He’s not killing ...
A bank official on Friday identified the account statements of Reliance Communication Ltd in a Delhi court, holding the 2G case ...
The country’s foreign exchange reserves dipped to a 13-month low to $293.5 billion for the week ended January 6, 2012, down ...
Moody’s Investors Service has affirmed all Syndicate Bank’s local currency deposit ratings and all debt ratings, but ...
While implementation of Basel III norms will help in improving the capital base of the banks in the country, the credit growth of ...
With nearly half a dozen chief executives of government banks set to retire in 2012-13, the finance ministry has interviewed 11 ...
Has risen 0.75% in first week of 2012 to be one of the best performing Asian currencies.
The Annual Credit Plan for the state for 2012-13 has been pegged at Rs 29,927.41 crore.
If you are a private or foreign banker, Big Brother will keep a watch on your salary structure.
The Maharashtra government has appealed to the finance ministry to extend the March deadline for seeking banking licence by the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said CEOs and staff of private and foreign banks cannot draw "excessive" salary, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed foreign individual investors, pension funds and trusts as Qualified Foreign ...
Public sector general insurer New India Assurance Company, the only domestic general insurer with presence in Japan, has received ...
To showcase over 25,000 property ranging from Rs. 5 lakhs to Rs. 5 crore.
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) has launched retail issue of long-term tax saving infrastructure bonds offering ...
As food deflation continued for the second week in a row, the Reserve Bank on Thursday said it would factor in declining food ...
While inflows in Non-resident (External) Rupee accounts (NRE) have increased on the back of higher interest rates, the funds in ...
Equity investments have slowed, with drop in Ulips.
Gruh Finance Ltd, a subsidiary of HDFC Ltd has registered 30 per cent increased in the net profit at Rs 64.77 crores for the ...
State-owned insurer keen to get large chunks of blue-chips.
The Reserve Bank of India sold $2.92 billion in the foreign exchange market during November — the highest monthly dollar ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has reported a 10 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended December 31, ...
Has risen 0.75% in first week of 2012 to be one of the best performing Asian currencies.
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is keen to finance infrastructure development projects in the state in sectors like roads, ...
Tax laws say the premium paid towards insurance in any form is eligible for deduction under Section 80C.
So, all pension plans ...
The Reserve Bank of India's proposed guidelines for implementing Basel-III norms may "negatively affect" credit growth ...
Life Insurance Corporation's housing finance arm LIC Housing Finance (LICHFL) today launched a Rs 500-crore venture capital fund ...
Credit card transactions carried out in November, 2011 were worth Rs 7,920 crore, up 14.4% from that in the same month last year, ...
Monica and Sameer were in for a rude surprise when they received a letter from the housing company in which they had booked a ...
Despite the loans extended to Kingfisher Airlines being declared as non performing assets (NPAs) — even as a part of these ...
The government has agreed to infuse fresh capital into State Bank of India (SBI) through a preferential issue and the ...
The State Bank of India on Wednesday said it was more comfortable on the issue of non-performing assets (NPAs) in the past month ...
Leaves banks with an uphill task of disbursing Rs 2.8 lakh cr in the rest of the financial year.
India Inc is slowly coming back on track on raising funds abroad, with a more than $2 billion mop-up expected in the next three ...
Indian companies, which are rated on international scale do not risk a major drop in their operating margins, says Fitch.
The ...
There is some current good news, from banks, for those who despair of state-run electricity distribution utlilities setting their ...
Regulator as well as insurers keen on such policies, but pricing may be a trouble.
The regulator said these transactions are partly responsible for sharp depreciation in the rupee against the dollar.
The government has agreed to infuse fresh capital into State Bank of India through a preferential issue and the country's largest ...
Tight liquidity conditions propel decision, in wake of adverse revenue and cost trends in recent years.
International investment in India’s bonds would rise this year as policy makers rein in inflation, boosting the rupee after ...
The Tamil Nadu government has awarded the state government-sponsored health insurance contract to public sector general insurer ...
Say no to equity, want upfront capital infusion; SBI Caps to give fresh proposal.
Half the funds raised by firms through ECBs funded by Indian banks.
The Union finance ministry on Tuesday said Moody’s Investor Services had, in addition to the three upgrades on December 20 ...
IndusInd Bank reported growth of 34 per cent in net profit on the back of robust core fee income for October-December 2011.
The ...
Microfinance institutions in Andhra Pradesh have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to allow them more time to meet the new ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cautioned banks that the rush to raise non-resident deposit rates may shrink their margins ...
Seek cut in cash reserve ratio, repo rate in pre-policy meet.
Muthoot Fincorp Ltd, is looking to dilute five-six per cent stake to private equity (PE) players or strategic investors.
The Reserve Bank of India has hinted that a cut in the cash reserve ratio, or CRR, was unlikely in its monetary policy review on ...
Banks will be allowed go below minimum liquidity levels set by global regulators during financial crises to avoid cash-flow ...
The information technology (IT) sector in India made the most out of the falling exchange rate of rupee in the last five months ...
Move to increase coordination with central bank.
As first step indicating easy monetary policy, the Reserve Bank of India may cut the cash reserve ratio (CRR), rather than reduce ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) on Monday announced the launch of a new centrally-sponsored ...
The ongoing sovereign-debt crisis in the Eurozone is much more serious than the global financial meltdown of 2008.
If the ...
You will now have to pay if you don't operate your savings or current account for a year.
HDFC Bank, the second largest private ...
Tax-saving bonds seem to have become an opportunity wasted for the government, which is struggling to raise funds for its ...
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi may act more like Ben S.
Rates may increase 40-50% for commercial vehicles
and 20-25% for for private vehicles.
L&T Infrastructure Finance will be looking to raise at least Rs 300 crore by way of issuing the second tranche of tax-saving ...
India's lenders may lower interest rates if their funding costs come down, but banks have not suggested any specific steps at a ...
Interest rates are likely to see a possible downward trend in the current year which will support growth prospects of the ...
Rating agency Moody's today said the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) draft guidelines for adoption of Basel-III norms, which seek ...
Insurance companies have approached the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) for review of 22 pension products ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank today entered the silver retailing business with the launch of ‘Dhan’ silver bars.
The silver bars
...
Accounting professionals and auditors of banks have to gear up to cope with newer risks and shocks in the banking and financial ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has zeroed on Boston Consulting Group (BCG) to advise on reworking its operating model, human ...
The yield on government bonds may stay at present levels, consolidating a trend of drop seen last Friday.
Swiss central bank chief Philipp Hildebrand resigned on Monday in the face of growing criticism of a controversial currency trade ...
Housing Development Finance Corp expects the RBI to cut the cash reserve ratio, rather than interest rates, at its monetary ...
Individuals should have a standalone policy, over and above any rider taken on life insurance.
A few months before MF Global collapsed in bankruptcy, some top executives at the futures firm were talking about a plan ...
LIC Housing Finance Ltd, the housing finance arm of life insurance major LIC of India, on Friday said, it is look-ing to invest ...
The upcoming Basel III guidelines will require more time if it seeks to improve the ability of banks, said Anand Sinha, deputy ...
While the government security (G-Sec) maturing 2017, with a coupon rate of 8.07 per cent, garnered over Rs 1,346.08 crore, the ...
India Inc must take long-term forward cover to reduce the risks from volatility in foreign exchange rates, is the Reserve Bank of ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves touched a one-year low on December 30, according to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The ...
Taking note of non-adherence by some banks to rules on sending confirmation of payments made through the National Electronic ...
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) has revived its plan to raise $1 billion via medium-term notes (MTN). The power sector lender, ...
Says delay in approving new pension schemes is due to late product filing by firms.
India’s foreign exchange reserves touched a one-year low on December 30, according to the Reserve Bank of India.
The ...
Credit rating agency Crisil has assigned the highest (5/5) grade to the proposed initial public offer (IPO) of India’s ...
Urge RBI to temporarily relax banks’ provisioning requirements and avoid classifying loans given to them as bad assets.
Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) will now go the Japanese way to raise funds.
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) on Friday received Rs 100 crore from Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi), as part of ...
The Export-Import Bank of the United States of America (US Exim Bank) is looking to diversify its loan portfolio in India while ...
While moderate inflation is essential for economic expansion, some short-term sacrifice in growth is inevitable for the sake of ...
Foreign exchange reserves continued their slide for the second consecutive week, falling by over $4.18 billion to $296.69 ...
Banks worldwide are facing more challenges in the current economic environment and while macro-sustainability is a necessity, it ...
The troubles of cash-strapped Kingfisher Airlines worsened today with another lender classifying its loan to the Vijay ...
State-run Andhra Bank today said it is expecting credit offtake, which has been hovering around 7% so far this fiscal, to pick up ...
As part of the strategy to infuse liquidity in the system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today bought bonds worth Rs 8,471.45 ...
Voicing concerns over "deteriorating assets quality" in the banking sector, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today ...
Public sector banks, including State Bank of India (SBI), have advised the government against stake sale in the Central Public ...
Regulator gives airline 3 days to ready financial recovery & safety plan.
Many scale down fund-raising, some shut shop.
UCO Bank will hold open auction next week for sale of Rs 300 crore toRs 400 crore non-performing assets (NPA).
Ex-Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
(GS) director Rajat Gupta is trying to bolster his defense to federal insider- trading charges by ...
Private equity investors, ICICI Venture and Sequoia Capital along with Oman Insurance have infused Rs 50 crore into Chennai-based ...
France plans to sell as much as euro 8 billion ($10.4 billion) of debt today in the country’s first test this year of ...
The promoters of SWAWS Credit Corporation, a Secunderabad-based microfinance institution, are willing to give up majority stake ...
Govt prepares draft on Kaul panel report, may table Bill in next Parliament session.
Executive director of Reserve Bank of India V K Sharma, on Thursday said that corporate India should invariably hedge their ...
In a move to liberalise foreign borrowing norms for smaller firms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has reduced the minimum ...
SREI Infrastructure Finance has come out with a maiden issue of tax -saving bonds and would be looking to raise up to Rs 300 ...
Says RBI’s currency intervention seems to have achieved intended purpose.
Private-sector banks in India may need to raise a few trillion rupees of capital to meet Basel III norms, Anand Sinha, a deputy ...
The Finance Ministry is likely to infuse Rs 17,000 crore into public sector banks in the current fiscal to help them meet their ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today raised the annual limit of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (FCCBs) for companies to $750 ...
UCO Bank will hold open auction next week for sale of Rs 300 crore to Rs 400 crore non-performing assets (NPA).
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, today said it was likely to get a capital infusion of up to Rs 6,000 ...
Auto and home loan borrowers can expect some relief soon as banks and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are likely to go for a 1 ...
More than 11,500 banking jobs could be axed globally as a result of separate restructuring initiatives being undertaken by two ...
Fitch has changed the performance outlook across various asset classes from stable to negative, especially for commercial vehicle ...
Taking serious note of complaints from the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) sector on non-acknowledgment of loan ...
Disallows capital for going to low-yield assets, wants details of priority lending plan this year.
If you plan to buy a pension plan as a part of your tax-saving exercise, you need to wait.
The reason is simple: there are just ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has hinted at reversing its tight monetary stance after almost two years of continuous ...
Under the automatic route, 78 companies raised $ 1.3 billion.
ONGC Mangalore Petrochem raised $250 million and Tata Teleservices ...
The Union government on Wednesday said interest rates on post office savings schemes, except the Public Provident Fund (PPF), ...
Banks may have a subdued third quarter 2011-12, according to analysts and bankers, with the growing burden of bad loans, ...
Central bank to seek feedback from banks on liquidity situation, deposit growth and recent policy changes.
Star Union Dai-chi Life Insurance Co Limited (SUD Life), a joint venture of Bank of India, Union Bank of India and Japan-based ...
Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance (SUD Life) is bullish on the upcountry market, especially Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Jharkhand ...
Greeks and Italians are taking their money and running, moving it abroad or even burying it underground, for fear the euro zone ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co has been sued for $95 million by the trustee for securities marketed in 2005 by the former Bear Stearns ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today introduced uniform asset-liability management norms for market ...
Irda to raise provisioning norms to 163-213 per cent.
The country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has called off talks with Visa Inc and Elavon Inc to form a joint ...
India Inc is not afraid of being crowded out of the corporate bond market despite the government’s announcement of extra Rs ...
Bank of India, South Indian Bank, Lakshmi Vilas Bank’s proposals rejected, to add to the earlier ones of ICICI Bank and ...
UBS AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank and a unit of ING Groep NV, started the New Year by selling top-rated covered bonds to ...
US regulators, required by Congress to remove credit ratings from banking rules, have devised a plan anchored in a Paris-based ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allowed relaxation of price band limits of government securities that were traded on Monday. ...
According to Crisil, banks may need to raise Rs 2.7 lakh cr for capital adequacy ratio.
Allahabad Bank has decided to increase interest rates on NRE (Ruppee)term deposits with effect from January 4 for the following ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced it would purchase government securities worth Rs 12,000 crore on Friday through ...
If the Basel III guidelines are implemented as per the proposed deadline set by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), banks will ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) today said it expected a capital infusion by the government this fiscal as it had ...
The Finance Ministry is working on savings banks account number portability, which will allow a customer to retain his account ...
Achieves total financial inclusion in Andhra Pradesh.
NYLIM Jacob Ballas India Fund III LLC (Jacob Ballas Fund) will invest Rs 200 crore in Religare Finvest Limited (RFL), the NBFC ...
A cap on borrowing by non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) from banks may strengthen the financial system.
According to a ...
As part of their efforts to raise more foreign currency resources from Indians abroad, commercial banks have revised rates on ...
Concerned over declining growth, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao has indicated the central bank could reverse the ...
Govt says no crisis as European banks’ India exposure just $18 billion.
Move to enable bank to process transactions faster than under the BC model.
The success of the tax-free bond issue by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has been repeated by Power Finance ...
Sahay is the chief executive and managing director, Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance, while Roy Chowdhury is executive director ...
Fears of excess supply of government debt papers kept markets on tenterhooks.
The roller-coaster ride for Asian currencies, which saw only the yen and yuan post significant gains for the year against the US ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has achieved 100% coverage of its allotted unbanked villages in Andhra Pradesh under the Financial ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) today said it had raised Rs 532.6 crore through an issue tax-saving ...
Domestic banks will not be as affected as their developed world peers by Basel-III norms and conserving capital will be the key ...
Customers may soon be allowed to switch banks without changing account numbers.
After similar moves in mobile telephony and ...
After a long wait and prolonged consultation with stakeholders, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) finally ...
The rupee was Asia’s worst performing currency this year, and the outlook for 2012 also remains bleak.
Despite measures ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has launched a scheme for 100 per cent refinancing of loans ...
The government’s finances are really not matching up to earlier expectations.
This financial year, the Centre is set to go ...
Warning non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) not to stray from norms for the issuance of non-convertible debentures, the ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday said it expects fund infusion from the government soon.
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.2 billion to $301 billion for the week ended December 23, according to the ...
The festive season may be over, but festive offers on loans are open for the next couple of months.
Public sector banks offering ...
Proposes minimum capital ratio of 11.5%, including a conservation buffer.
In order to strengthen risk management mechanism, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued draft guideline envisaging that ...
Citibank today became the first foreign lender to hike interest rates on NRE deposits in the wake of RBI deregulating interest ...
The new year may bring some cheer to Indian consumers and companies on the interest rate front.
Mumbai-based lender Union Bank of ...
Rural Electrification Corporation (REC), which initially planned to raise $1 billion through foreign currency convertible bonds ...
Balaji Infra Projects Ltd-owned Dighi Port has been referred to the corporate debt restructuring process to recast loans worth Rs ...
According to the current financial plan, the autonomous government agency will require Rs 24,000 crore till the end of next ...
Private insurer IndiaFirst Life Insurance on Thursday said it has tied up with Vidharbha Kshetriya Gramin Bank, a regional rural ...
About two months after the Moody’s downgraded outlook on Indian banks on concerns over asset quality, the finance ministry ...
Govt stake to rise to 64% and Tier-I to 9% after Rs 6,000-crore fund infusion.
City-based Kanakamahalakshmi Cooperative Bank Limited (KCB) has got approval from the Reserve Bank of India to open branches ...
State-owned lender IDBI Bank today said the government was considering capital
support to the bank to boost up its capital.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has given approval to the proposed acquisition of credit card business of Barclays ...
As part of the strategy to infuse liquidity in the system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today bought bonds worth Rs 8,109.48 ...
Auto and home loan borrowers can look forward to better days in the New Year as interest rates, which shot up during 2011, are ...
Deepak Parekh, chairman of Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), has resigned from the board of Hindustan Unilever ...
Federal Reserve chairman Ben S Bernanke could double press briefings to improve understanding of policy changes that may include ...
The Obama administration declined to brand China a manipulator of its exchange rate while calling the yuan undervalued and vowing ...
At the peak of the interest rate rise cycle, the growth in bank advances fell to a 21-month low, according to data released by ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Wednesday cracked down on promoters, key officials and directors, including ...
When Aarti and Ajay Naik were deciding on the type of health cover they should buy, tax benefit played a crucial role.
Reason: ...
Good response may allow the authority to close the issue this week.
While cricket superstar Sachin Tendulkar awaits a ‘century of centuries’, his new five-storey bungalow in Bandra has ...
Cash-starved microfinance institutions (MFIs) are queueing to raise foreign currency loans in the new year.
SKS, Share, Bandhan ...
Raise interests on these deposits for the second time since rates were deregulated by RBI.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed cooperative and primary urban cooperative banks to fix their interest rates on ...
The Kolkata-based retail finance player Magma Fincorp is hopeful of getting general insurance licence in the first half of the ...
The country's largest private lender ICICI Bank and state-run IDBI Bank today hiked the interest rate on rupee deposits by ...
Non-food credit has grown 17.2% to Rs 44 lakh crore during 12 months to December 16, according to the Reserve Bank of India
Government today expressed hope that it will be able to introduce the Lok Pal Bill in Rajya Sabha this afternoon.
State Bank of India (SBI) and Kotak Mahindra Bank today raised interest rates on non-resident deposits.
State Bank of India’s proposed joint venture with Bharti Airtel has fallen through after the Reserve Bank of India ...
To tide over the liquidity crisis, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced it would purchase government securities worth ...
Banks will have to set aside extra capital for equity investment in financial entities, even if the latter were exempted from ...
LIC Housing Finance Ltd plans to raise up to Rs 8,000 crore in the last quarter of the current financial year.
However, premium collected by general insurers rises 24%.
Analysts say German Chancellor’s prescriptions for growth will not create a fiscal union.
Despite innovations in products, don't overlook fine print attached; comparisons remain complex.
The rupee today closed lower by 31 paise at Rs 53.02/03 against the US currency on fresh month-end dollar demand from importers ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) and a few other banks, including Kotak Mahindra Bank, today announced a ...
Bigger players tap non-deliverable forwards market to make a killing.
When Werner Rueegg managed wealth for clients of Credit Suisse Group AG, Oswald Gruebel, who became chief executive officer at ...
Kolkata-based United Bank of India plans to raise Rs 200 crore by selling lower Tier-II bonds in a private placement this week. ...
Acquiring land in states such as Goa, West Bengal and Kerala was a concern, a senior National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday deregulated interest rate on savings accounts in all state and central co-operative ...
The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) plans to raise Rs 10,000 crore through tax-free bonds.
The absence of a uniform law for various lenders has led to an uneven playing field, necessitating the need to review and recast ...
Seven to nine NBFC branches would be kept to service loans.
The access to banks for underprivileged like labourers in rural areas is yet a distant dream for many, as bankers show little ...
Air India's debt restructuring has hit a hurdle as banks say they want seats on the airline’s board after they agreed to ...
Though Santosh Shetty is furiously punching away on his keyboard, his eyes are locked on the terminal.
The life of this senior ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revised capital adequacy norms for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), to improve their ...
Debts referred for CDR rose to Rs 47,304 cr in Apr-Dec, compared with Rs 9,953 cr in year-ago period.
Japan and China will promote direct trading of yen and yuan without using dollars and will encourage the development of a market ...
The second-largest public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today increased interest rates on NRE term deposits ranging ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today tightened the prudential norms for the non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) under which ...
Private general insurer Bharti Axa General Insurance is likely to post 40-45% growth in premium collection to Rs 800 crore in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will shortly issue Rs 500 notes which will have the rupee symbol.
Absence of a uniform law governing various lenders has led to an uneven playing field, necessitating the need to review and ...
The government has agreed to infuse Rs 775 crore in the third-largest state-owned lender Bank of Baroda (BoB), a top official of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today barred non-banking financial company Money Masters Leasing & Finance (MMLF) from ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 10 paise to Rs 52.86 per US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, ...
Foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the forex reserves, fell by $4.668 billion to $266.968 billion for the ...
The rate at which banks lend overnight to one another jumped 428 basis points this year to 9.78 per cent on December 23, 128 ...
Marriages are made in heaven, but, they can very well turn sour on this earth, by etting cancelled or not proving to be fruitful, ...
Yields on the government bonds are expected to continue to fall as the market expects relief from continuous weekly auctions.
The ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has estimated a credit flow potential of Rs 52,168.11 crore ...
Bank of America Corp (BofA) Chief Executive Officer Brian T Moynihan told employees in a year-end letter that he bolstered the ...
Marriages are made in heaven, but they can very well turn sour on this earth, by way of getting cancelled or not proving to be ...
Global corporate and investment banks will derive almost half their revenues from Asia by 2015, according to a report by global ...
More banks have entered the race to attract overseas Indians' money after a dollar-starved Reserve Bank freed the rates on ...
Inflation in India is likely to moderate as per the Reserve Bank's projection while the growth is expected to fall, prompting the ...
Banking and accounting regulators don’t see eye to eye, as RBI wants the practice relaxed even for public sector banks.
As part of its strategic diversification, Chennai-based non-banking finance company (NBFC) Kreon Financial Services Limited is ...
After private banks, it is now the turn of large public sector banks to raise interest rates on non-resident (external) rupee ...
Government bond prices ended lower after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sold Rs 12,000 crore of fresh papers on Friday, erasing ...
In what comes as relief to the non-life insurance industry, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has ...
India’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) will soon launch mediclaim and accidental insurance facility for its ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves fell by a whopping $4.67 billion to $302.1 billion in the week ending December 16 on the ...
A person cannot claim damages from bank if he fails to immediately block his lost ATM and money is unauthorisedly withdrawn by ...
India’s vulnerability to external macroeconomic risks had increased, following the sovereign debt crisis in Europe and the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed concern on the rising third-party motor pool losses in the non-life insurance ...
Higher funding costs and asset quality pressures take a toll on the sector’s health.
Bank of America Corp will pay a record $335 million to compensate Countrywide Financial Corp borrowers who were charged more for ...
Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB) has come out with stringent norms to provide working capital loans to sugar mills in ...
Lanco Infratech Ltd has filed a claim of around Rs 200 crore under the ‘advanced loss of profit’ (ALOP) policy, the ...
Private sector banks have started increasing interest rates on non-resident deposits, barely a week after these rates were ...
Bank saw 30 per cent rise in savings deposit balances in the last two months.
Stress from the debt-ridden euro zone area had spilled over, leading to increased volatility in domestic markets, the Reserve ...
Private sector lenders like HDFC Bank, Yes Bank, Dhanlaxmi Bank and the state-run Allahabad Bank today steeply increased the ...
As part of its strategy to ease the liquidity crunch, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today bought bonds worth Rs 8,790 crore ...
India's banking system is stable and can withstand global shocks, but there are weak spots like decelerating growth and rising ...
Private sector lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank has hiked interest rate on Non-Resident External (NRE) term deposits with immediate ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today raised its savings deposit rates by 100 basis points to 7% for domestic customers.
The Federal Reserve's plan to boost supervision for U.S. banks stopped short of setting minimum liquidity levels and delayed ...
EFG International, the Zurich-headquartered global private banking group that manages $20 billion, is reviewing its India ...
Institutions have been borrowing over Rs 1.5 lakh crore daily via repo window.
Europe’s debt crisis has increased the risk of govt and bank defaults, making institutions wary of lending to each other.
The rupee bucked the weakening trend, as dollar inflows and a strong performance in the domestic share market helped the currency ...
The increasing current account deficit, a dip in capital inflows and rising inflation have brought the rupee closer to its real ...
The rating upgrade on domestic government bonds by Moody’s will have limited impact on the banking sector and investment ...
Finance cost to the total production cost sees sharp jump over past 2 yrs.
I was supposed to travel to Europe in the coming winter break.
I had even purchased an insurance policy covering my wife and ...
State Bank of India chairman Pratip Chaudhary on Wednesday said the lower credit deposit (CD) ratio in Uttar Pradesh would ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development on Tuesday said it had earmarked Rs 2,000 crore for building warehouses to ...
Asia would become a major hub for corporate and investment banking in five years, according to a report released by McKinsey.
Call rates in the interbank overnight borrowing market hardened, reflecting the pressure on liquidity, as advance tax funds went ...
The consolidation — mergers and acquisition — of small microfinance institutions (MFIs) struggling to raise money ...
RBI has given enough signals for banks not to hold speculative positions.
Mounting interest from global private equity firms to set up presence in India brings more opportunities for local PE veterans. ...
Taking advantage of falling yields, the Power Finance Corporation (PFC) would look to raise Rs 4,000 crore through tax-free ...
Bank will charge floating rates of interest from January.
Promoters offer Rs 2,400-crore personal guarantee, retain management control; ICICI to transfer exposure.
Despite scepticism on their financial prudence, they are not a threat to costumers.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed penalties on 19 commercial banks, including State Bank of India (SBI), HDFC Bank, ...
Low margins and cash crunch have resulted in job cuts and a decline in the insurance industry.
A policy roadblock is making it ...
The rupee bounced back from the day's low on Monday, buoyed by dollar sales from some local companies.
However, weakness in local ...
Such infrastructure debt funds (IDFs) are expected to address the long-term financing needs of infrastructure projects and ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL) on Monday said the government has approved major modifications in take-out financing ...
Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) plans to raise at least Rs 1,000 crore through a tax-saving bonds issue in the third week ...
Milind Kharat and G Srinivasan have been shortlisted for the post of GIC Re chairman.
Yields of government bonds coming off after the monetary policy announcement by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has led to a ...
A “satisfactory relationship” for at least 3 years with a commercial bank, authorised to deal in foreign exchange, ...
Finance cost to the total production cost sees sharp jump over past 2 yrs.
Government bond prices firmed up further on sustai-ned buying support from banks and companies.
Mid-sized private banks are looking to strengthen their non-resident deposit bases by offering higher rates.
This follows the ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) is likely to cut jobs in India, as part of its plan to lay off 30,000 employees ...
Foreign lenders may have to wait longer for wholly owned subsidiary model guidelines.
State Bank of India (SBI) chairman Pradeep Chaudhary and managing director Krishna Kumar are arriving in Lucknow tomorrow on a ...
Senior officials say banks are indifferent towards funding development projects.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to strictly follow the Know-Your-Customer (KYC) norms or Anti-Money Laundering ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed microfinance institutions (MFIs) to raise up to $10 million through external ...
Snapping its two-session gaining string, the rupee today settled down by 16 paise at 52.86/87 against the dollar due to fresh ...
The total value of transactions carried out using cheques across the country amounted to Rs 8.53 lakh crore in October, down six ...
Yields on government securities are likely to fall further in the coming weeks due to the announcement of liquidity-easing ...
Customer protection should be the highest priority of all financial institutions.
It is vital for the overall financial ...
Credit flow to microfinance institutions (MFIs) will be adequate in future with the new regulations, said member of Financial ...
The total value of transactions carried out using cheques across the country amounted to Rs 8.53 lakh crore in October, down 6% ...
Pointing to shortcomings in the quality of bank audits, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said financial statements certified ...
Disapproving of the huge discounts offered by general insurance companies in the face of increasing competition, the Insurance ...
To facilitate tribal community residing in Bargi dam backwater, Jabalpur revenue division State Bank of India on Friday donated ...
Public sector State Bank of India (SBI) has collaborated with Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (IIM-L) for training its ...
Seven banks, including Citigroup and Deutsche Bank, have had their long-term issuer default ratings cut by the agency.
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) today said it would take steps to introduce an electronic re-insurance ...
Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao today said he cannot speculate on when he will start cutting policy rates, but assured that the ...
Concerned over economic slowdown, the Reserve Bank today kept interest rates unchanged and indicated that it could cut key policy ...
Curbs currency forwards, cuts banks’ forex trading limits to stop speculation, intervenes in forex market.
A fall in Reliance Industries Ltd’s gas output at its KG D6 block is due to it drilling fewer number of wells than promised ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has pegged Rs 77,803.49 crore as the potential bank credit for ...
About 75 women executives streamed up the marble staircase of the Harold Pratt House on Park Avenue in New York last month to a ...
ITNL, the highways subsidiary of IL&FS, is set to raise $100 million or 630 million reminbi, through a yuan-denominated bond ...
Six months ago, directors of Kolkata-based AMRI Hospital were part of a closely-knit industrial circle in the city.
Since the ...
Morgan Stanley, the financial firm whose shares have declined 45 per cent this year, plans to cut about 1,600 jobs amid an ...
RBI would provide a line of credit to the SPV; state govts would have to repay the loans.
The rupee’s recent fall is likely to support the profits of about 70 per cent of the companies rated by rating agency ...
The growth in education loan disbursals has slowed, owing to the high base effect and few students opting for foreign education, ...
First credit default swap deal struck on ‘AAA’ rated bonds.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today swung into action to check slide in rupee value against dollar and speculations by imposing ...
The rupee slipped to below 54 for the first time in its history in early trade today against dollar, but staged a smart recovery, ...
Amid declining growth and moderating inflation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to pause hike in interest rate at the ...
The sharp fall in the rupee since June 30 is expected to increase the repayment costs of foreign currency convertible bonds ...
Reliance Group says it’s not party to proceedings in London, matter closed with Indian regulators through consent order.
The rupee continued its free fall against the dollar on Wednesday, tracking the euro which fell close to a one-year low in ...
The food inflation falling to a three-year low of 6.60 per cent for the week ended November 26 may prompt the Reserve Bank of ...
Spanish banks’ borrowings from the European Central Bank increased by the most in more than a year in November as ...
With inflation at uncomfortable levels, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to opt for a rate cut in Friday’s ...
The sharp depreciation in the rupee is due to structural changes, and the currency will stay there for some time.
Mumbai’s residential societies that have not been able to ink redevelopment deals with builders could now turn to banks for ...
Despite headline inflation falling to its lowest level in 12 months, owing to a contraction in factory output, economists said ...
Growth in bank deposits continued to outpace the credit disbursal tempo in December, reflecting the economic slowdown and the ...
National investment and manufacturing zones under the new manufacturing policy would create more jobs and help de-risk ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to signal a shift in policy stance — from bringing down inflation expectations to ...
Yields below cut-off at which traders sold bonds to RBI in open market operations.
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, today expressed hope it would get capital infusion of Rs 3,000-Rs 4,000 ...
Cost of raising funds via dollar bonds almost equal to domestic cost of fund-raising; rupee hits fresh closing low of 53.22 a ...
European banks seeking to meet capital targets by selling contingent convertible bonds may struggle to attract investors after ...
The parliamentary standing committee on finance has suggested instead of bringing piecemeal amendments time to time, the ...
Having been granted licence, ‘India Factoring’ is planning to venture in the international factoring in the last ...
Nabard on Tuesday sanctioned a loan of Rs 171 crore for rural infrastructure development fund(RIDF) to the government of Himachal ...
Says companies should ensure policyholders’ liabilities remain ‘ring-fenced’.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) faces the classical central bank dilemma, with both growth and inflation in uncomfortable ...
The currency has lost 4.8 per cent against the dollar in the last four weeks.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will soon allow microfinance institutions to raise funds up to $10 million through ...
State Bank of India's non-performing assets (NPAs) in the farm loans segment rose nearly fourfold to Rs 13,545 crore in the first ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., which has approval for a $65 billion bankruptcy liquidation plan, will ask a judge to let it use ...
European banks turning to their governments to raise required capital could trigger a downward spiral of declining sovereign-debt ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today capped commercial banks' investments in non financial companies at 10 per cent to ensure ...
Slowing growth in home markets, rising cost pressures and a worsening macro-economic environment have prompted global financial ...
The rupee closed at an all-time low of 52.84 a dollar on Monday against 52.04 on Friday, as dismal IIP data and European debt ...
Credit card transactions in October were worth Rs 8,997.63 crore, up 33.1 per cent from that in the corresponding period last ...
The industrial outlook survey of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has pointed towards further deterioration of business climate in ...
With a sharp drop in the pace of tax collections and a spike in subsidy bills, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the ...
A Bill to increase the paid-up capital of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India to Rs 100 crore from the current Rs 5 crore ...
The finance ministry has flagged the issue of delay in giving clearances by state governments to infrastructure projects ...
Bankers in the state requested the state government on Monday to invoke the Revenue Recovery Act for the agriculture and allied ...
Annual growth in bank advances slowed to 17.7 per cent as on November 30, compared with 21.4 per cent in March.
Kerala-based mid-sized listed bank, South Indian Bank (SIB), is aiming at a 50 per cent growth in its fee income in the next two ...
Amid dull investment sentiments from industry for 2012, National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has ...
Credit card transactions carried out in October were worth Rs 8,997.63 crore, up 33.1% from that in the same month last year, ...
Experts say the central bank will refrain from using the CRR as a liquidity tool, as a reduction in the rate will go against its ...
PSU lender Central Bank of India has shed around Rs 5,000 crore of high-cost deposits in the first half to protect its net ...
Central Bank of India has decided to waive pre-payment penalties on floating rate housing loans with immediate effect.
Public sector lender Central Bank of India has shed around Rs 5,000 crore of high cost deposits in the first half of the current ...
Annual insurance premiums have more than doubled.
Lower premiums or higher benefits for the same cover justify a switch.
But watch out for hidden costs.
Happens for the first time in FY 12, November loan growth slowest this financial year.
The gross premium underwritten by the 20 non-life insurers across all the five segments during the six-month period between April ...
LIC Housing Finance Limited (LIC HFL), a subsidiary of Life Insurance Corporation, is planning to launch a new fixed loan product ...
Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance, popularly known as Basix and the country’s oldest known microfinance agency has approached ...
Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee will meet chief ministers of east zone states, including West Bengal and Orissa, in ...
The country’s foreign exchange reserves increased by $ 2.479 billion for the week ended December 2 after falling for four ...
The total number of insurance policies that lapsed in the public and the private sector rose to 1.40 crore during 2010-11 from ...
The Reserve Bank of India has been buying back government securities to ease liquidity.
Over a period time, the non-MFI business is expected to comprise 10 per cent of the company’s portfolio and contribute 20 ...
Public sector banks have maintained a CD ratio of 116.63 per cent in Tamil Nadu, which is one of the highest in the country.
Europe’s banks would need to raise pound 114.7 billion ($152.7 billion) in fresh capital as part of measures introduced in ...
Public sector lender Syndicate Bank has shortlisted four firms, three domestic insurance companies — Aviva Life, Reliance ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) cut interest rates by a quarter of a point on Thursday to counter the twin threats of recession ...
Yields on the 10-year benchmark government bonds fell by 45 basis points in less than a month, owing to liquidity infusion by the ...
The Dhanlaxmi Bank Officer's Organisation on Thursday called off its agitation, reaching a settlement with the management over ...
As part of its strategy to ease the liquidity crunch, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today bought bonds worth Rs 9,092.9 crore ...
Credit default swaps (CDS) are likely to evolve with time and once developed, it would give a boost to the corporate debt market, ...
IDBI Bank has struck a deal with ICICI Bank to provide credit protection to the country's largest private lender for bonds worth ...
SKS Microfinance, the only listed microfinance institution (MFI) in the country, has decided to cap its return on assets from ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) would now actively look at diversifying their risk profiles by entering different asset classes, ...
Barclays Bank is expected to put its India retail assets on the block.
The British lender has decided to focus on profitable ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said West Bengal would not be given any special relaxation for borrowing through the ...
Currently, cooperative banks are liable to pay a flat 30 per cent income tax on their earnings.
The income tax waiver for ...
Even as most microfinance institutions (MFIs) have welcomed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s move of bringing them under its ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit will cut about 4,500 jobs in coming quarters as he seeks to reduce costs amid ...
Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) plans to raise $250 million (about Rs 1,290 crore) through syndicated loans this ...
Foreign, private sector banks announce a slew of initiatives, explore inorganic opportunities.
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) recent guidelines on the MFI sector will prove to be a positive and structurally strengthen it ...
"The said provision of Minimum Business Requirements is now being extended to all corporate agents engaged with non life ...
The Indian rupee fell marginally by 4 paise to Rs 51.45 per US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today amid ...
The priority of the central bank is to keep the inflation low and stable.
Certain measures undertaken by the Reserve Bank of ...
In order to facilitate its corporate customers who have been hit by dollar appreciation and slowdown, public sector bank — ...
Bank lending to the priority sector grew at a mere 10% in October this year, on an annual basis, on account of lower offtake by ...
The finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will review developments on the rupee front at a meeting of the ...
Standard Chartered Bank is set to acquire over half of Barclays Bank's credit card portfolio in India.
The Federal Reserve, along with the 17 euro zone national central banks, may help provide the International Monetary Fund (IMF) ...
The priority of the central bank is to keep inflation low and stable, said Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank is in talks with Aviva Life to acquire a minority stake in the company, said two people privy ...
Barely 12 days after SKS Microfinance founder and chairman Vikram Akula resigned from the company board in the wake of mounting ...
It may be the final nail in the coffin of small and mid-sized micro-lenders in Andhra Pradesh.
These firms, already battling ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty on Monday said there was adequate liquidity in the banking system.
He ...
Liquidity woes continue to haunt bankers, as overnight borrowings from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) hover close to Rs 1 lakh ...
Stringent Reserve Bank of India (RBI) rules and a clampdown on profits have prompted a number of microfinance institutions (MFIs) ...
Despite rise in interest rates and deteriorating macroeconomic environment, private sector lender IndusInd Bank has said it is ...
Bond yields may ease on improved liquidity.
MSME advances up 28% (YoY), while agriculture credit lags behind.
Issues guidelines for developing multi-service centres.
Bank of India on Saturday said it would have a majority stake of 51 per cent in its proposed asset management joint venture with ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Saturday said it would use all tools available to arrest rupee fall if the currency’s ...
In order to reach out unbanked villages with population of more than 2,000 in the Northern region, public-sector lender Andhra ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was constantly assessing the liquidity situation, Deputy Governor H R Khan said on Friday in ...
Foreign exchange reserves hit a seven-month low to $304 billion for the week ended November 25, down $4 billion from the week ...
Introduces new category of NBFC-MFI.
Gujarat SLBC report shows Rs 1200-crore growth during September quarter at Rs 23,990 crore over June quarter of this fiscal.
Though the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has just released the norms for initial public offerings (IPOs), ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today approved creation of a separate category of non-banking financial companies for the Micro ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank has revised its Foreign Currency Non-Resident (Banking) and Non-Resident (External) term deposit ...
Be prepared to spend more on your automobile insurance covers.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is set ...
The Federal Reserve-led global effort to ease borrowing costs for financial firms shows both the central bank’s power to ...
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) on Thursday said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had not rejected its proposal to sell the ...
Private sector banks that have branches in the Northeast faced criticism from the industry for their alleged reluctance to lend ...
Promoters of many small and micro enterprises are borrowing money from banks in their personal capacity to finance business ...
Life insurance companies planning to tap the equity market through initial public offerings (IPOs) would have to secure a ...
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) would, in mid-December, invite bids to set up a private equity fund.
The power sector lender also ...
Though the four state-owned general insurance players have been the most vocal critics of the Insurance Regulatory and ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank today said it would raise Rs 1,500 crore through bonds to fund its business growth.
Continuing its efforts to bring liquidity to the cash-starved system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today bought Rs 5,782.95 ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today came out with guidelines allowing life insurance companies, which ...
British lender RBS India today claimed that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has agreed to clear its proposal to sell commercial ...
RBI today operationalised new guidelines on credit default swap (CDS), directing market participants to report such trades within ...
State-run lender, Punjab National Bank today announced revised interest rates on foreign currency deposits.
The Reserve Bank of India is not planning to change the methodology used to arrive at the reference rate of the rupee against the ...
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) may not be able to stick to its fund-raising plan for this financial year.
The ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao said inflation would “certainly” decline by the end of this financial ...
At a time when the government and regulators are emphasizing inclusion and increase in credit delivery to those without access to ...
Saudi businessman Ghazi Abbar, who claims in an affidavit he lost $383 million of his family’s fortune on investments with ...
Real estate lender Adhar Housing Finance has plans to disburse Rs 10 crore under its different loan categories in the state by ...
The critical role in meeting the government’s Rs 40,000-crore disinvestment target for the current financial year is likely ...
The Reserve Bank on Wednesday directed banks to ensure opening of Aadhaar-enabled banks accounts for beneficiaries of the Mahatma ...
Banks’ loan growth continues its southward journey, as loan growth on a year-on-year basis fell to 17.67 per cent as on ...
While most sectors of the economy are seeing a sluggish loan demand due to high interest rates, credit card spending seems to ...
Non-food credit offtake from banks by major sectors recorded a growth of 18.4% in October this year, suggesting the impact of the ...
Mortgage leader HDFC's Managing Director Renu Sud Karnad today said interest rates have peaked and there is little possibility of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) prefers a stable foreign investment flow to gap the current account deficit, Deputy Governor HR ...
Slow economic activity, delays in project execution and rising interest rates may result in banks’ credit growing at the ...
The bank has already crossed Rs 5,300 crore this fiscal in terms of total business by the end of September, registering growth of ...
The commercial third-party motor pool may be dismantled.
This follows four public sector general insurance companies being given ...
Defaulters of Rs 1 crore and above owe over Rs 47,000 crore to banks and financial institutions as on March 31, 2011, Parliament ...
M Damodaran, former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India, for the bank’s meteoric rise in the past five ...
This would be about 25 per cent over the state credit target fixed for the current financial year.
The rupee rose, extending its rebound from a record low reached last week, on speculation an auction of debt-purchase quotas to ...
There is a flip side to the slowing growth the country is seeing.
While everyone is worried about the moderating growth, ...
Large public sector lenders like Bank of Baroda, Bank of India and Canara Bank and mid-sized lenders like Allahabad Bank and ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) restraint on intervention in foreign exchange is credit-positive, as it has avoided depletion ...
Chairman of Prime Minister’s Economic Advisory Council C Rangarajan on Monday said the country's banking sector had a long ...
Aiming to set up a bank once regulations allow it to do so, the Shriram Group has started reshuffling its top deck.
Philanthropy is no longer a mere exercise for ultra high net worth individuals and households to create a family name and ...
Credit ratings agency Fitch has affirmed that Union Bank of India continues to have low-default risk as it has the support from ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender State Bank of Mysore (SBM) may downsize its fund raising plan through bonds this ...
The finance ministry has set specific targets on a range of financial parameters that the public sector banks have to achieve ...
Credit rating firm Fitch has lowered the outlook for private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank to ‘stable’ from ...
The measures introduced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to attract dollar flows may not help in the near term, say economists ...
Credit rating firm Fitch has revised downwards private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank's outlook to 'stable' from 'positive', citing ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Friday said inflation must be brought down to five per cent, or below that, to ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves dropped $5.7 billion to $308 billion for the week ended November 18, on account of a ...
Due diligence report by RIL found valuations expensive.
The Reserve Bank today deregulated interest rate on savings accounts in Urban Co-operative Banks (UCBs), a move that will fetch ...
State-owned Union Bank of India today raised lending rate by 0.5 percentage points making existing loans costlier.
L&T Infrastructure, the infrastructure-financing arm of L&T Financial Holdings, will be looking to raise a total of Rs ...
The country’s largest lender, the State Bank of India (SBI), has decided to abolish pre-payment charges on home loans, ...
Life insurance premium collection down 20%.
The rupee, which declined close to 18 per cent in 2010-11 so far, may be headed further south, owing to further shocks from ...
Rising yields and devolvement in bond auctions have become a concern for primary dealerships, which derive major income from ...
Relaxes norms to boost inflows, checks speculation.
Vikram Akula, once the poster boy of India’s microfinance sector, on Wednesday stepped down as executive chairman of SKS ...
Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp (BofA) are among lenders that may have to temper plans to raise dividends and buy back ...
The state-run National Bank for Agriculture & Rural Development (Nabard) has sounded an alarm over the state of the ...
The Federal Reserve sought to bolster confidence in the US banking system as concerns over the European sovereign-debt crisis ...
At a time when the country’s life insurance industry is facing a downturn in premium collection, it has earned itself a ...
While south India has been the bastion of MFIs, the north is still a tough terrain.
But with the microfinance business coming to ...
In a radical move, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) proposed to open up a bancassurance distribution ...
Government securities firmed up on good demand from banks and companies.
Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited (Cibil) will now provide customers their credit reports and scores online.
Individuals ...
The country's largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI), which recently launched an aggressive deposit mobilisation scheme that ...
Invests Rs 15 crore with a premium of about 100% over current share price.
The rupee rose on Thursday, the first time in nine days, after the central bank took steps to boost the supply of dollars in the ...
RBI today revised guidelines on foreign exchange derivative contracts, removing the cap of $100 million net limit by a bank on ...
The government today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to reduce the validity of cheques and bank drafts from the ...
To improve remittances coming into the country, the government has advised banks to review existing charges on them.
The RBI has directed cooperative banks not to make payments on cheques and other financial instruments that are over three months ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed foreign investors to invest in debt instruments floated by infrastructure debt funds ...
Indian corporate bodies that tapped foreign funds to take advantage of cheaper loans may now have to shell out additional funds ...
The World Bank said China is heading for a soft landing of growth in excess of eight per cent next year, and with most Asian ...
The company which is an equal joint venture between Kolkatta based Srei Group and French financial major BNP Paribas, has Rs ...
The microfinance king is on slippery ground.
Comes off intra-day low of 52.73 to close at 52.32 as central bank firefights volatility.
He also urged the people to utilise the banking services for their needs including savings and loans.
The shortfall in MF Global Inc’s US segregated customer accounts may exceed $1.2 billion, more than double what was ...
New premium collection of the life insurance industry may improve in the October-March period, says the Life Insurance Council, ...
Combined promoters’ contribution of Rs 950 crore in GTL and GTL Infra will also get converted as part of the CDR exercise.
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) today said it is looking at just about 15% growth in loan disbursements in ...
The rupee, which has lost 18 per cent against the dollar in the last three months, could be headed for fresh lows, at least in ...
Despite its growing challenges, banking sector, especially the private players are some of the best choices for career, concluded ...
At a time when the investment cycle has slowed globally, Mumbai-based Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) said it ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday issued guidelines to allow banks and non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) to sponsor ...
Reserve Bank of India is poised to issue floating-rate bonds (FRBs) — for the first time in two years.
The finance ministry on Monday said the ability of the Reserve Bank to intervene in the forex market to arrest the fall in rupee ...
After a 2.5 per cent loss against the greenback last week, its worst fall in eight weeks, the rupee seems headed for its all-time ...
Higher participation from foreign investors and bond purchase by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are expected to soothe rising ...
State-run lender Bank of India has decided to advance its proposed re-entry into the mutual fund business by a few months to ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday said the government will provide adequate capital to the state-owned banks during ...
Nervous investors around the globe are accelerating their exit from the debt of European governments and banks, increasing the ...
The euro had its biggest loss versus the yen, since September, as European borrowing costs at almost euro-era records sapped ...
Yields on government bonds ended, as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) devolved on Friday the auction of the new ten-year paper on ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s top brass began a two-day brainstorming session in Goa today amid global uncertainties flowing ...
SBI Capital Markets will prepare a viability report on debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines to present it to a consortium of banks, ...
SKS Microfinance, the only listed micro-lender in the country, said on Friday some of its existing investors were willing to put ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will again intervene to check any further depreciation of rupee, if required, the finance ...
The rupee continued its southward journey as it fell 42 paise on Friday against the dollar as foreign investors continued to pull ...
“We have already roped in 10 distributors and 550 channel partners (franchisees) in Hyderabad.
Our idea is to cover the ...
FinMin, RBI raise issues relating to micro management and better corporate governance.
Jaya blames Karuna for TNEB plight.
In view of the stable market scenario at present and sound economic conditions, LIC (Life Insurance Corporation) has planned to ...
The Reserve Bank has cancelled the licence of Maharashtra-based Bhandari Cooperative Bank as the lender has become insolvent.
Caspian Advisors-backed Sahayata Microfinance Pvt Ltd has suspended the brass, including its chief executive, on charges of ...
RBI’s technical advisory committee (TAC) on monetary policy had advised the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to take a pause in ...
The finance ministry has prescribed a three-pronged strategy to arrest the slide in premium growth in the life insurance sector.
The finance ministry on Thursday decided to increase the investment limit for foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in ...
The RBI went ahead with 0.25 percentage point hike in key policy rate, despite majority of external experts advising the central ...
With a view to liberalising the export-import procedures, RBI today decided to delegate to authorised banks the power of ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn today said the RBI will not relax the quantum of deposits banks have to ...
The Reserve Bank today directed banks to exercise caution with respect to online forex trading by Indian residents where margin ...
May breach 52 level against $; inflation pressures worsen.
The reserve or provisioning requirement for the third-party commercial motor portfolio of general insurance companies might be ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said the government should do away with subsidised farm loans, as the proposition ...
Regional rural banks (RRBs), state co-operative banks (SCBs) and district central co-operative banks (DCCBs) would be penalised ...
Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday said it would be tough to achieve the fiscal deficit target for 2011-12, but ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said it would buy Rs 10,000 crore of government bonds next week.
It said the step ...
I have learnt that international travel insurance
policies are mainly health insurance.
Banks' advances grew 18.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as on November 4, marginally recovering compared to last week, when ...
Insurance agents with more than five years of experience are in for a pleasant surprise.
In a move that could provide additional ...
The All India Bank Employees’ Association has threatened a strike if banks proceeded with a bailout proposal for ...
Move comes as stringent regulation chokes biz growth.
Decks have been cleared for acting chairman D K Mehrotra to become the regular chairman of Life Insurance Corporation, as the ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) was adjudged as the most preferred bank of North East at the second Northeast Consumer Awards, ...
Global financial services major Merrill Lynch, which is a unit of Bank of America, has offered for sale two of its office ...
UBS AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank, said its board of directors confirmed Sergio Ermotti as chief executive officer, less ...
Bank of America Corp (BofA) plans to bolster capital by divesting most of its stake in China Construction Bank Corp, locking in ...
Reflecting the adverse effect of global economic uncertainty, India’s services exports dipped in September to $11.2 billion ...
The government is not contemplating the revision of the fiscal deficit target of 4.6 per cent for the current financial year.
No rate or yield targeting, liquidity watch the focus: Gokarn.
Future Generali India is hoping to collect up to Rs 700 crore in new premiums in the life insurance business for the current year ...
Growth in the real sector must drive the financial sector, and not vice-versa, Reserve Bank of India Governor, D Subbarao, said ...
HDFC Bank today surpassed State Bank of India (SBI) to become the country's most valued lender with a market capitalisation of Rs ...
The Power Ministry has asked the Ministry of Environment and Forests to fast-track the process for grant of green clearance to ...
Barring few nationalised banks and one regional rural bank, major banks in Haryana, including private sector and cooperative ...
Asks banks to settle for lower margins, boost efficiency.
Considering the multi-national presence of large financial institutions and their role in the current global economic ...
The government should desist from trying to salvage ailing private companies, says a top Asian Development Bank official. ...
Pensioners may soon feel more welcome at public sector bank counters, as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked public sector ...
The decline in industrial output in September and the marginal rise in inflation in October would not affect the Reserve Bank of ...
With high interest rates leading to a rise in slippages, the central bank on Monday said steps taken by banks to recover bad ...
Being at centre of the economy, banks must ensure effective corporate governance to avoid the spread of failures to the financial ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has pointed out banks’ disproportionate growth in loans to the commercial real estate ...
Indian banks need to partner microfinance companies and other non-banking institutions to expand the reach of financial services ...
Link loan disbursals with firming up of steady supply of raw material.
Yields on government bonds are expected to trade at elevated levels unless the central bank announces measures to facilitate a ...
Even as LIC Housing Finance has reported a rise of 37 per cent in its total income for the second quarter of this financial year, ...
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 234 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Following a steep rise in bad assets in the past two quarters, public sector banks say they are devising ways to ramp up recovery ...
The total value of transactions carried out using cheques across the country amounted to Rs 7.64 lakh crore in September, 2011, ...
Bad loans of the listed banks in the country soared by 33.46% to over Rs 1 lakh crore during the second quarter of this fiscal ...
With fears of slowdown rising high and the cause being attributed to the conventional policies of the Reserve Bank of India ...
Banks faced a liquidity shortage on Friday, borrowing heavily from the repo window of the Reserve Bank of India.
They borrowed Rs ...
Banks’ loan growth fell below 18 per cent on a year-on-year basis for the first time in this financial year, with demand ...
Govt-led bailout unlikely, indicate FinMin, bankers.
Two gilt auctions devolve, one called off.
The Reserve Bank on Friday cancelled the licence of Solapur-based Nagari Audyogik Sahakari Bank Niyamit due to financial ...
The bank's revised base rate will now be 10.50% and the BPLR will be 15.25% a year, SBBJ said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed regional rural banks (RRBs) to collect account pay drafts, pay orders for crediting ...
Credit card transactions carried out in September were worth Rs 7,693.81 crore, up 31.5% from that in the same month last year.
With increased concerns on asset quality amid high lending rates, banks are opting to invest in commercial paper (CP) issued by ...
Almost a year after launching its Rs 1,000-crore domestic fund, ICICI Venture, one of the largest private equity firms in the ...
UBS AG’s head of operations (India), Manisha Girotra has resigned from the bank to pursue her own business venture.
The ...
Banks have started reducing the sale of bad loans to asset reconstruction companies, despite a rise in non-performing assets in ...
Positive return guarantee but with conservative bias; rider to check insurer hopping by customers.
Breather likely for bank stocks but sector to remain in sharp focus.
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has expressed concern over possible rise in Non Performing Assets (NPA) in ...
With a view to avoid inconvenience to taxpayers, a total of 926 branches of public and private sector banks in the Mumbai and ...
Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) have seen a significant improvement in handling of assets, even in the high interest-rate ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, reported a net profit of Rs 2,810 crore for the quarter ended September ...
The board of directors of Power Finance Corporation Ltd (PFC) has given an approval to a proposal to launch private equity fund ...
New pension guidelines will be applicable to both linked and non-linked plans.
Hedges that offset those risks result in a net funded exposure of $700 million, the New York-based company said in a quarterly ...
Moody’s downgrades outlook from stable to negative; overreaction, say bankers; SBI’s NPA worries also take toll.
Doing so on group health cover to include parents has its pluses, but not always.
For long term, individual covers should be ...
Power sector lender Power Finance Corporation (PFC) on Wednesday said it had approved a proposal to launch a $1-billion private ...
The government borrowed around 56 per cent of the notified issue size under cash management bills, as traders demanded higher ...
After mopping Rs 3,800 crore by selling domestic rupee bonds last week, Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) now plans to ...
Spanish retail lender Caixa Bank today opened a representative office here to provide financial support to its Spanish clients' ...
Shares of SKS Microfinance lost about 10 per cent during intra-day trading on Tuesday, a day after the Andhra Pradesh-based ...
Initially reluctant to waive the prepayment penalty on floating rate retail loans, banks have now started to fall in line with ...
State-run Bank of India, posted a 20 per cent year-on-year decline in net profit for the second quarter this financial year, on ...
Only a little over a week ago, a handful of private banks had increased the interest rate on savings deposits.
However, these ...
A notification on Initial Public Offering (IPO) norms for insurance companies is expected anytime soon, as the Securities and ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) will set up a loan guarantee fund of Rs 1,200 crore for the urban poor.
The broad contours of ...
Reserve Bank today said it does not intend to interfere with the exchange rate and its monetary policy stance in the coming ...
Attributing rising bad loans to business cycle, the Reserve Bank today said that non-performing assets (NPAs) are not posing any ...
In a bid to allay fears of inflation and economic crisis, the Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said that the Indian ...
The Union government has removed a condition that required at least two out of four international merchant banks to manage an ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty came down heavily on banks for lack of governance and opaque ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would approach the issue of increasing foreign institutional investment limit in government bonds ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Sunday said cheques presented after three months from the date of issue would not be accepted ...
India’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), will need Rs 30,000 crore-40,000 crore over the next three years to ...
Bank on greater rural reach; say loyal customers won't shift for a little more interest.
Reserve Bank of India appears to favour long-term loan products on fixed interest rates, believing it will help banks reduce ...
Only PNB, Union Bank and UBI can do business with state PSUs.
The country’s largest commercial bank closed the April-June quarter with a capital adequacy ratio of 11.6 per cent and ...
LIC Housing Finance sanctioned over Rs 100 crore toward home loans  during a three-day property exhibition that concluded in the ...
The details of loan and other settlements entered by banks through a compromise with defaulting parties should be disclosed as it ...
The officers' union of State Bank of India (SBI) has called off a two-day nation-wide strike that was to begin on November 8 ...
Bank lending to the priority sector grew at a lower rate of 11.1% in September, against that in same month last year, on account ...
Bank on rural reach; say loyal customers won’t shift for a little more interest.
Explores optionsof merging mutual fund asset management company with itself.
India’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), will need Rs 30,000 crore to Rs 40,000 crore over the next three years ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may start easing the tight monetary policy as early as from December, as inflation changes its ...
Insure against other risks like fire, burglary, home appliance breakdown and so on.
Customers of the State Bank of India may have to face a lack of branch services for five days beginning Sunday, as talks between ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose by $2 billion to $320 billion for the week ended October 28, on account of ...
Bond yields hardened on Friday, as the government issued new security with 10-year maturity, amid fears of rising inflation that ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has penalised two Gujarat-based cooperative banks for violation of instructions on know your ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned a credit of Rs 42.12 crore to Karnataka State ...
Reserve Bank of India will have a calibrated approach regarding increasing foreign institutional investment limit in government ...
The Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India, K C Chakrabarty, on Friday came down heavily on banks for lack of governance and ...
Indian banks would require additional Rs 8 lakh crore to meet the minimum capital adequacy under Basel III norms, ratings agency ...
Aiming to expanding its leasing business in the country, GE Capital India is in talks with at least 100 companies and ...
Higher returns, more liquidity draw individual investors to savings accounts.
SKS Microfinance passed a resolution yesterday enabling it to raise Rs 900 crore, but it may find the going tough.
The main ...
Muthoot Finance Ltd, India’s largest gold loan company, has chalked out a mega plan to strengthen its presence in north ...
The last couple of years have been nerve-racking for Sudeep Neogie (name changed on request), who runs a restaurant, a travel ...
Deposit growth moderated, as banks paid off high-cost bulk money to lower the cost of deposits and maintain margins in the coming ...
Seven months after debuting in India, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Insurance is now spreading its wings in the country.
The company ...
Commercial banks are getting tougher with real estate developers, asking for supporting documents in advance and increasing ...
Italian banks are also looking at opportunities to establish their offices in India, said Pierfrancesco Gaggi, director of ...
Tata Capital, a non-banking finance company floated by Tata Group, has reported a 61 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 71.3 ...
With a dip in the demand for fresh loans due to sharp rise in interest rates and increased prepayments, growth in the mortgage ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday said banks may offer structured derivative products to customers for hedging risk.
These ...
Public sector banks are busy deputing manpower to under-staffed debt recovery tribunals (DRTs), after the finance ministry asked ...
The Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank (KVGB) has started ‘Recovery Counselling Centers’ across all its regional offices ...
Limited branch networks are unlikely to persuade foreign banks in India to increase the interest rate on savings deposits ...
Canara Bank, the Bangalore-based public sector lender, plans to raise a business of Rs 125 crore from financial inclusion ...
Even as leading banks set their eyes on India’s largest public sector lender, State Bank of India (SBI), for a cue on ...
State-run Indian Bank reported a 12.7 per cent increase in its net profit to Rs 469 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), an associate bank of SBI, reported a 12.27 per cent decrease in net profit to Rs 232.04 crore for ...
The process is customer-friendly and has time-bound action once a request for porting is received.
State-run lender, Central Bank of India posted a decline in net profit due to higher provisioning made on bad loans in the ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Tuesday reported 12.1 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 1,205 crore for the second quarter ...
Bond yields jumped close to the nine per cent mark during intraday trade, as traders sold the current 10-year benchmark bond on ...
State-run Indian Overseas Bank is expecting a capital infusion of up to Rs 1,450 crore from the government by February 2012, a ...
RBI’s deputy governor concerned about current account deficit.
Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance Company Limited, the new age life insurance entrant has launched three wealth accumulation plans, ...
Public sector Dena Bank aims to achieve Rs 1.5 lakh crore business with a growth of 20% during this fiscal, according to a top ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said the Finance Ministry has given an assurance that the bank would ...
Amid rising concerns about funding for the power sector, public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) has started ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, today ruled out any immediate hike in savings deposit rates, even as ...
Retail loans increased: RBI data.
Smaller banks launch savings deposit rate war.
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited reported profit before tax of Rs 67.38 crore during the second quarter of ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank has recorded a 28.92 per cent growth in total business at Rs 132,106 crore for the second ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank has registered a year-on-year growth of 24.8 per cent in its global business at ...
The tussle between promoters and private equity investors in companies such as of Lilliput Kidswear and KS Oils have dug up again ...
Asharp rise in provisioning for bad loans lowered the net profits of public sector banks in the second quarter of this financial ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is to auction a new government security of 10-year maturity this Friday.
Indian life insurers recorded a 21.35 per cent drop in premium collection during the first six months of the current financial ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, on Monday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended ...
Public sector insurer Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) aims at deeper penetration of its low cost insurance schemes in Uttar ...
MF Global Holdings Ltd, the holding company for the broker-dealer run by former New Jersey governor and Goldman Sachs Group Inc ...
Public sector Indian Bank proposes to raise funds through follow-on public offer (FPO) next year, according to a bank official.
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank has hiked interest rates on savings accounts by up to 200 basis points, offering clients a ...
However, total income of the lender rose to Rs 8,442.73 crore during the quarter from Rs 6,077.06 crore in the same period last ...
Central bank unhappy with North Block’s EMI diktat to banks, asks for more provisioning.
Private sector general insurer HDFC Ergo is likely to see a capital infusion of around Rs 80 crore in the next one-and-a-half ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has planned a major global expansion initiative.
The government-owned bank, with its head office in ...
To offer 6% on deposits above Rs 1 lakh, 5.5% for up to Rs 1 lakh.
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) posted a marginal increase in net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 to Rs 207.46 crore ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has posted an increase of 0.64 per cent in net profit for the quarter ended September 30 at Rs 207.46 ...
With mobile banking steadily gaining pace, the service providers are gearing up to make the most out of it.
Obopay, a mobile ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose by $858 million to $ 318.35 billion in the week ended October 21, mostly on ...
Despite the uncertain economic environment globally, foreign direct investment (FDI) in India surged 50 per cent to $20.76 ...
The rupee completed its best week since 2009, gaining 2.6 per cent against the dollar in the wake of the debt deal agreement ...
Reserve Bank of India’s decision to free deposit rate will impact banks’ policy diversely.
As part of its green initiative, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked all non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) to ...
Moving in line with the equity markets, the rupee rallied 75 paise to 48.75 against the American currency in the early trade on ...
Muthoot Finance Ltd (MFL) registered a growth of 88 per cent in its net profit at Rs 215 crore in the quarter ended September 30 ...
The finance ministry is likely to take a call on capital infusion in public sector banks, including the country's largest lender, ...
The Finance Ministry today said it is likely to approve capital infusion into PSU banks, including State Bank of India (SBI), by ...
Irda to create a database that will help insurers tap into the claim history of drivers.
As the finance ministry seeks to assert itself in the affairs of UTI Asset Management, the company’s foreign partner might ...
As a step to maintain the momentum of credit growth during the ongoing economic slowdown, State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur ...
Fears of banks’ earnings plummeting in a deregulated savings deposit rate regime appear to have gripped investors, with ...
Those with ‘Aadhar’ numbers issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) would soon be able to ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) may soon introduce a system of succession planning for critical and leadership positions.
This will be ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday admitted the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) latest round of rate increase would ...
The last bastion of administered rates was removed on Tuesday, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deciding to deregulate ...
Banks are pushing back against European leaders on the size of losses they are ready to accept on Greek bonds as officials ...
The UK Border Agency (UKBA), which controls immigrations into the country under the Home Office, on Tuesday issued a long list of ...
Bank of Maharashtra has posted 92 per cent growth in its net profit at Rs 100.42 crore for the second quarter ended September 30 ...
Despite falling margins, private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank has reported a 19 per cent increase in consolidated net profit ...
GRUH Finance Ltd (GRUH) – a subsidiary of HDFC Ltd has registered an increase of 28 per cent in the company's net profits ...
Private insurer IndiaFirst Life Insurance on Tuesday launched money balance plan that offers life insurance cover an additional ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said banks would have to be recapitalised to help them achieve Basel III capital adequacy ...
Within hours of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deregulating savings rate, private lender Yes Bank today hiked its saving rate by ...
Borrowers wanting to prepay home loans can look forward to some relief as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would ...
Ending the era of controlled interest rate regime, the Reserve Bank today freed savings bank deposit rates, a step which bankers ...
Talks of sub-8% growth, weak investment climate on the eve of policy review.
Pointing to tough times for the country’s external sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said risks to current ...
Banks borrowed heavily from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), anticipating a rate rise, a day ahead of the half-yearly monetary ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said credit expansion of Indian banks would further moderate as growth and inflation ...
Vijaya Bank celebrated its 81st Foundation Day by opening 40 branches and installing 80 ATMs across India.
The softening investment demand and the decline in planned investments by companies may lead to shrinkage in the investment ...
Europe's biggest investment banks, caught between worsening earnings prospects and demands for more capital, may have little ...
India Inc’s business confidence has been withering gradually and its business expectations have plummeted, according to ...
Given indications that the government’s deficit target for 2011-12 would be breached, the process of fiscal consolidation ...
To give a boost to the housing sector, the government may increase tomorrow the home loan cap for availing 1% interest subsidy to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said global economic uncertainties and weakening industrial output on domestic front are ...
With inflation remaining high, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today indicated that it may go for another round of interest rate ...
High inflation and elevated government market borrowing is expected to keep up the pressure on bond yield ahead of the Reserve ...
Faced with double-digit inflation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to raise its policy rate again in its half-yearly ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank plans to raise around $200 million from the Switzerland market under its medium-term foreign debt ...
Concerned over the unusual steep fall in SBI's profit for the March quarter after a change of guard at the helm, the Finance ...
On the occasion of Dhanteras, an auspicious day for buying gold, the country's two leading bourses NSE and BSE will conduct ...
The total value of transactions carried out through cheques across the country in August 2011 amounted to Rs 7.43 lakh crore, ...
Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank on Saturday reported a 36 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 323 crore for the ...
Axis Bank on Saturday said it aims to complete integration of Enam Securities' business in the fourth quarter (January-March) of ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank on Saturday reported 25 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 920 crore for the quarter ended ...
The board of directors of UTI Asset Management, the country’s oldest fund house, may be restructured with some independent ...
The rupee on Friday breached the 50 a dollar mark after two and a half years as traders sought shelter in the safe haven currency ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) would decide on its overseas fund-raising programme next month, its managing director for ...
Fearing credit turning bad assets in the wake of high interest rates, a number of state-run banks, led by State Bank of India ...
India's forex reserves shot up by a staggering $5.269 billion to $317.5 billion on the back of jump in foreign currency assets ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank is in talks with various financial institutions, including other state-owned banks, to float an ...
Credit rating agency Fitch today affirmed rating on HSBC India's Rs 5,000 crore certificates of deposit (CoD) programme with a ...
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, which was recently downgraded by ratings agency Moody's, will decide on an ...
Markets have already factored in another 25-basis point rise in the repo rate by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). According to a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has a tough task ahead on October 25, when it announces its monetary policy for the second half ...
The ghost of commercial third-party motor pool losses is back to haunt general insurance companies.
Based on an independent ...
The transition from class banking to mass banking due to financial inclusion and increased customer focus is drastically changing ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank on Thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 surged 168 per cent to Rs 4.35 crore from Rs ...
IDBI Bank has posted a 20.23 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 516 crore, for second quarter ended September, due to lower ...
A day after the government indicated that it would inject capital into State Bank of India, its managing director and chief ...
YES Bank, the youngest private sector lender in the country, on Thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 ...
The National Housings Bank’s (NHB) latest circular waiving penalty on full home loan prepayment may give housing finance ...
Rising rates prompt extension by 10 more years; others may follow suit.
Punjab National Bank, the country's second-largest public lender, today said it had completed formalities to acquire 30% stake in ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to go in for another round of rate hike of 25 basis points (bps) when it meets on Tuesday, ...
The total income of the company rose to Rs 1,776.89 crore during the quarter, from Rs 1,372.91 crore in the same period last ...
The total income rose to Rs 6,291.4 crore from Rs 4,044 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal, IDBI Bank said in a filing ...
Rating agency, Crisil, on Wednesday estimated that loans accounting to Rs 56,000 crore to the power sector might come under risk.
National Housing Bank (NHB) has asked the housing finance companies (HFCs) not to levy penalty on pre-closure of floating rate ...
After consultations with the government, the Reserve Bank of India has suggested the cap on foreign institutional investment ...
The inclusive nature of India’s growth, responsible for enhancing consumer spending power, may be the primary reason behind ...
Healthy retail loan growth, lower provisions on the back of improving asset quality and an increase in non-interest income aided ...
The festive season has failed to cheer banks, with the growth in loans showing no signs of picking up, amid high interest rates. ...
I, 65, want to buy a life insurance policy because I have a six year-old grandson to look after.
My son and daughter-in-law are ...
Insurers are particular about a few criteria when providing a cover.
Bank of England (BoE) Governor Mervyn King has called for a fresh look at re-balancing between ‘surplus’ and ...
Europe’s economic roller-coaster ride continued with Moody’s downgrading Spain’s credit rating by two notches ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to come out with guidelines on allowing new private banks by November end, Financial ...
Gold loan business in Gujarat is picking up pace making more and more companies to increase their presence in the state.
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI), which currently derives 19 per cent of its business from international operations ...
Banks in Andhra Pradesh are expected to complete the appointment of business correspondents to over 6,000 villages with a ...
The finance ministry on Tuesday ruled out a rights issue for the country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI) in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) could continue its monetary tightening measures by 25 basis points at least a couple of times ...
With inflation staying above nine per cent levels since December 2010, Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) aggressive rate rises ...
The government has asked public sector banks to concentrate on “core banking activities” and delay their the plans of ...
Until portability was allowed for health insurance, customers were wary of shifting to a new insurer, even if they were ...
The bank had recorded a net profit of Rs 133.15 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal, IndusInd Bank said in a filing to ...
Discontinued plans could face caveats, higher premium from companies.
Bangalore-based foreign lender, ING Vysya Bank, reported a 53.3 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 115.4 crore for the quarter ...
Following a high interest rate regime and moderating economic growth, the fresh and incremental funding dipped 8 per cent to Rs ...
The operating income rose by 40 per cent to Rs 4,077 crore.
Credit quality at higher education institutes in India is under pressure, according to a sector note by Icra.
“The higher ...
Citigroup Inc, the third-biggest US bank, said profit rose 74 per cent, beating analysts’ estimates as a $1.9 billion ...
Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) plans to raise Rs 1,000 crore by issuing tax-saving infrastructure bonds in the current ...
With government bond yields trading close to three-year high levels, investors can expect attractive coupon rates on tax-saving ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has withdrawn a major irritant for life insurance companies wanting to hit the ...
As part of its expansion plans, Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance Company Ltd (ETLICL) is planning to open 33 new branches at select ...
ESAF Microfinance, Kerala's largest microfinance institution with 450,000 clients, has received funding support of Rs 45 crore ...
The Bangalore-based private sector lender ING Vysya Bank today reported 53% rise in net profit at Rs 115.4 crore in the ...
The Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has entered into an agreement with Senegal for extending a $27.5 million soft loan to ...
The rupee is expected to benefit as traders move out of safe-haven investments on the hope that the Group of 20 (G20) finance ...
Insurer seeks leeway to invest in sub-AAA-rated companies.
With rising interest and input costs and project delays hurting companies, lenders are expected to restructure loans amounting to ...
European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet said the European Union’s treaty should be changed to prevent one ...
Expressing the government's commitment to recapitalisation of State Bank of India (SBI), Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today ...
Public and private sector banks experienced an average growth rate of 10% in earnings in the second quarter this fiscal due to a ...
Microfinance institutions operating in Andhra Pradesh have stopped making fresh loans due to their mounting non-performing ...
The investors interest seems to be growing fast in gold ETFs, as the average daily value of their trade on the National Stock ...
In a bid to increase the penetration of banking services, the Finance Ministry has favoured setting up of white-level ATMs in the ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has embarked on a restructuring drive for the various advisory panels that help ...
UTI Asset Management, India’s oldest fund house, saw its profit after tax (PAT) decline 19 per cent to Rs 137.5 crore in ...
State-owned IDBI Bank today said it plans to open about 250 branches across the country and a branch in Singapore over the next ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) wants all pension products to do exactly what they are expected to do ...
The government’s bond auction devolved on Friday on expectations of a further increase in the borrowing plan, dealers said. ...
A day after RBI Governor D Subbarao dashed hopes of a pause on hiking rates, his deputy K C Chakrabarty hinted at continuation of ...
After sliding for two consecutive weeks, the country's foreign exchange reserves rose by $749 million to $312.231 billion, the ...
Ahead of the credit policy review meeting of the Reserve Bank later this month, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has ...
Ahead of its monetary policy review later this month, the Reserve Bank today said interest rates will have to move in tandem with ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has opposed the creation of a $20-billion sovereign wealth fund, for acquisition of energy assets ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said it has launched its Industrial Outlook Survey for the October-December 2011 ...
An edgy bond market on Thursday drew some comfort from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao’s sensitivity ...
The Cabinet on Thursday cleared two amendment Bills paving the way for banks to recover loans from errant borrowers.
The move ...
With bond yields trading high, owing to supply concerns, market participants expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to help ...
India Post's plan to set up automated teller machines (ATMs) in its post offices may fail to impress the banking regulator.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has opposed the creation of a $20 billion sovereign wealth fund, for acquisition of energy assets ...
Sunil Mehra, the renowned investment banker, is set to start his new stint at MAPE Advisory Group as Managing Director-I Banking. ...
The Max Healthcare-Life Healthcare deal, which saw the New Delhi-based hospital chain being valued multiple times its revenues, ...
Life Healthcare Group, the third-largest private hospitals group in South Africa, has snapped up a 26 per cent stake in New ...
With insurers now listing old ailments as permanent exclusions, it may be better to stay with existing insurers; group insurance ...
Export-Import (Exim) Bank of India, the apex financial institution fully owned by the government of India, will be releasing a ...
Bajaj Finance Limited, a non-banking financial company (NBFC), is set enter the credit card business by launching a co-branded ...
L&T Insurance is set to infuse Rs 500 crore as capital during the next three years of operation.
The general insurance arm of ...
Ahead of the second quarter review of monetary policy on October 25, the Reserve bank of India (RBI) indicated it may not lower ...
A tax-free bond Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) issued a fortnight ago has elicited poor response, prompting ...
The Thane Janata Sahakari Bank Limited (TJSB) plans to expand its existing network of 55 branches to 68 branches by the end of ...
State Bank of India is likely to defer its overseas fund-raising plans on account of unattractive yields and moderation in ...
Rating agency Fitch has downgraded Asset Reconstruction Company India Ltd's (ARCIL) national long-term rating to ‘A ...
Involuntary job losses due to the slowdown would be covered under a comprehensive policy.
In a bid to revive the Maharashtra State Co-operative Bank Ltd (MSC), whose board of directors were dismissed by the Reserve Bank ...
To cover rupee-denominated credit for SMEs, others.
Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB), whose board of directors was dissolved five months ago, is expected to miss the ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s decision to automate the process of filing regulatory reports appears to have opened a door of ...
With credit growth still muted, banks heavily investing in government securities are now staring at rising marked-to-market ...
Home loan borrowers, already reeling under the persistently high inflation, should brace up to shoulder additional financial ...
Kerala-based Dhanlaxmi Bank’s stocks tanked on Tuesday on allegations that the bank had resorted to window dressing and ...
Finance Ministry is likely to seek Parliament's nod for an additional Rs 10,000-12,000 crore to recapitalise about half a dozen ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced 2% interest subsidy on Rupee export credit to the labour-oriented and small scale ...
The country’s leading bankers don’t want any more policy rate hikes by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
There are so many riders available on life covers.
Given the rising interest rates, slower investments and the domestic slowdown, loan growth, along with quality of assets, for ...
The target inflation rate for monetary policy operations should be set below the threshold inflation level to provide supportive ...
Issue likely by December, to be a fourth of the earlier planned Rs 20,000 crore.
Transactions carried out using credit cards in August were worth Rs 8,078.98 crore, 29.1% more than that in the same month last ...
A sharp fall in the value of the rupee since August is expected to increase the repayment costs of the foreign currency ...
CDR amount jumps six times in first half; bankers expect things to worsen.
Industry body Assocham has opposed the government’s classification of non-performing assets (NPAs) belonging to non-banking ...
Yields on government securities are expected to inch up further on higher-than-planned supply in the second half of the current ...
Listen to the economic debates of the past couple of years, and it’s tempting to conclude that no progress has been made in ...
All villages with a population of 2,000 and above in Himachal Pradesh will have banks by March next year , a top Reserve Bank Of ...
Downplaying Moody's decision to downgrade rating of State Bank of India, a senior Finance Ministry official said the government ...
As many as 8 cooperative banks failed in this fiscal so far, resulting in credit insurance company DICGC paying a little over Rs ...
Dena Bank on Saturday announced a 25-basis-point reduction for floating home loans and car loans schemes.
The offer would be ...
The sharp fall in the value of the rupee against the dollar in the last one month has left policymakers worried, even as the ...
Two months ago, Standard & Poor's downgraded the bond rating of the United States government.
So far, at least, the move has ...
Market-linked policy holders set to gain more units.
Spain had its credit rating cut two levels by Fitch Ratings, which cited the “intensification” of the euro crisis, ...
European banks are planning to sell more than euro 30 billion ($40 billion) of assets as the debt crisis increases the need to ...
Nine Portuguese banks had their debt ratings cut by Moody’s Investors Service by one or two levels, which cited concern ...
Moody’s Investors Service downgrades 12 UK banks even as the central bank pumps in another £75 billion with warning ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) plans to float a $500-million trade finance facility for small and medium enterprises ...
The impasse over the top job at the country's largest life insurer, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India, is set to end next ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB), regulator in the realty finance sector, is expected to take a decision soon on whether or not ...
After staying benign for first few days of the month, rates on short-term debt instruments inched up today.
The rates are now ...
HDFC Standard Life has justified that it had delayed its settlement due to non co-operation of the claimants.
The Insurance ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) resisted calls to cut interest rates at President Jean-Claude Trichet’s final policy ...
In the Italian mountains of South Tyrol, Luis Durnwalder wishes more of the country could be like his German-speaking province.
Asks banks to furnish capital, ratings and NPA details.
The euro zone’s services sector shrank for the first time in two years last month as new orders dried up, stoking fears ...
For the first time since the start of this financial year, liquidity in the banking system has turned to surplus mode, as banks ...
Bank deposits grew, owing to high interest rates, while growth in bank advances slowed in the first half of the current financial ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has provided an impetus to financial inclusion by liberalising money transfer across the country. ...
Urban cooperative banks in Gujarat lent money to 563,000 people.
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, is gearing up to improve efficiency and asset quality to make good its ...
Moody’s Investors Service followed its three-level downgrade of Italy by warning that euro area nations rated below the top ...
Europe’s fiscal cauldron continued to bubble over on Wednesday, with no respite in sight from credit rating downgrades and ...
After SBI cut, Moody’s and Fitch retain ratings for the two pvt sector banks.
Japan’s three biggest banks received a combined $43 billion credit line from the government to help finance domestic ...
Iowa native Justin Bruch marvelled at the opportunity when Morgan Stanley called in late 2007 to recruit him for an unusual ...
State Bank of India's (SBI) credit rating downgrade by Moody's could have far reaching implications on the Indian banking system ...
With a view to facilitating fund transfers to people, particularly migrants, who do not have bank accounts, the Reserve Bank of ...
The year-on-year credit growth had fallen below 19% in mid-July, but has picked up again since August on renewed borrowing.
The State Bank of India Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri today said its rating downgrade by Moody's underlines the urgency for ...
Following its financial rating downgrade by Moody's, raising funds will turn costlier for State Bank of India (SBI), in an ...
Dexia SA, Belgium's biggest bank by assets, tumbled the most ever in Brussels trading after its board asked CEO Pierre Mariani to ...
Low profits and moderate demand are likely to hit India Inc’s credit quality in the coming months.
According to credit ...
India Inc raised $3.7 billion through external commercial borrowings (ECBs) in the month of August.
The borrowings fell by $500 ...
Indian insurance companies would spend $1.8 billion on information technology (IT) products and services in 2012, an increase of ...
Bankers continue to fret over the quality of assets, as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) gears up to review the monetary and ...
HSBC Holdings Plc , the European bank seeking buyers for its non-life insurance assets, will consider selling regional units of ...
Bank’s overseas borrowing cost to rise; SBI chairman downplays move.
The European debt problems that have roiled global financial markets for the last 18 months are showing signs of turning into a ...
The revised rate for NRE term deposits for periods from 1 year to less than 2 years will be 2.61 per cent, for 2 years to less ...
Fearing a deterioration in asset quality and to fire up credit demand, top bankers today appealed to the Reserve Bank of India ...
Tightening regulatory norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked chief executive officers of all the foreign banks to ...
Private sector Axis Bank today said it has extended its $200 million US Commercial Paper (CP) programme by one year.
After getting the approval of raising up to Rs 30,000 crore through issuance of tax-free bonds this financial year, ...
Trying to persuade Irda to tread a middle path and drop the idea of scrapping the net asset value products entirely.
For 2012-13, it has estimated India's gross domestic product (GDP) growth at eight per cent, down from previous estimate of 8.2 ...
Rate hike pause seen postponed; govt’s borrowing cost rises as bond prices tumble.
Urban cooperative banks in Gujarat lent money to 563,000 people.
Repco Home Finance Ltd, a housing finance company promoted by The Repatriates Co-operative Finance and Development Bank Ltd ...
The collection of equated monthly installment (EMI) on heavy commercial vehicles financed by various leasing companies in the ...
Even though the government has shifted from bonds to cash in compensating the losses of oil marketers, the oil companies will ...
Kerala's major commercial centre of Ernakulam has recorded a four percent fall in the loan portfolio of commercial banks during ...
The US has said it would take up the issue of pending requests for information from India regarding cyber cases with various ...
All branches of State Bank of India (SBI) in Orissa remained open on Sunday to make up for the loss transaction on Saturday due ...
Pallavan Grama Bank, a regional rural bank (RRB) sponsored by Indian Bank, has started a pilot project on a mobile-enabled Kisan ...
Twenty-one people were arrested as about 3,000 demonstrators converged on a Bank of America Corp office building in downtown ...
Yields on 10-year benchmark government bonds have hardened by 50 basis points in the first half of this financial year, on ...
Two actuaries, A Apparao and Hemamalini Radhakrishnan, have been short-listed by the search committee appointed by the Insurance ...
The cash-starved microfinance sector will be severely hit by if the new draft guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India on ...
The government plans a whopping Rs 2 lakh crore capital infusion into the state-owned banks spread over 10 years, to help them ...
Health insurance consumers will be able to change their service providers from Monday, as the insurers are finally ready with the ...
Treasuries advanced in the third quarter the most since the depths of the financial crisis in 2008, as Europe’s ...
Just bought a new Mercedes Benz or BMW?
Remember, the first thing you might have to replace is the logo, or the side mirror. ...
Denmark’s central bank said it will provide as much as 400 billion kroner ($72.6 billion) as part of an extended collateral ...
“The claims were related to the charges, finances and disputed transactions,” M Sebastian, banking ombudsman (AP), ...
A surge in the yields on government securities in the last two working days of the current quarter will mean that the banks will ...
Banks advances in the sectors like non-banking financial companies (NBFCs), industry, personal loans and services continues to ...
Policymakers have lost control of the economic crisis and financial markets are forcing the world into a depression, George Soros ...
Private lender ING Vysya Bank today increased its lending rates by 25 basis points (bps), making all kinds of its loans
Indian banks are knocking the regulator's doors, seeking approval to open branches in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, as they ...
Banks have decided to appoint non-executive chairmen in microfinance institutions that have opted for debt restructuring, to ...
The finance ministry is contemplating a holding company structure for public sector banks.
This will help the banks
raise capital ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has fully covered the villages alloted to it under the finanacial inclusion project.
The bank had ...
Various banks have taken control of Hyderabad-based microfinance firm Trident Microfin by acquiring a majority stake in the firm, ...
State-owned Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) today increased its lending rates by up to 25 basis points (bps), making all kinds of loans ...
Private sector banks are set to get some relief from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on promoters’ stake.
The regulator had ...
Deutsche Bank plans to nearly double its mortgage book in India to Rs 3,000 crore by the end of next year.
The move is in line ...
The figures tell it all.
Banks in Madhya Pradesh take education loan very lightly: the 47 of them operating in the central Indian ...
Premium collection of the life insurance industry in India continued to decline in August.
During the April-August period, the ...
Volatile markets and poor investor confidence have made Indian banks defer raising funds from foreign markets through medium-term ...
Looking beyond the price could help you pick the right cover.
The Federal Reserve, chastised by Congress for lending money to foreign institutions such as the Central Bank of Libya, is once ...
With flows for Ulips drying, life insurance companies invest just a fraction of what they did last year.
KKR & Co, the US buyout firm co- founded by Henry Kravis, is among firms weighing a bid for Axa SA’s private equity ...
Vivek Mehra, managing director, private equity and investment banking at YES Bank, quit early this month.
He Mehra has joined as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said the growth target of nine per cent envisaged for the 12th Five-Year Plan can be achieved ...
Royal Bank of Scotland’s (RBS) efforts to sell its retail and commercial banking businesses in India to Hongkong and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which has maintained a tight monetary stance to combat inflation, said domestic inflation ...
Short-term rates rose last week, as banks push loan growth to shore up their balance sheets and meet half-yearly targets.
The ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday issued revised draft norms to regulate the growth in securitisation of bank loans.
This may ...
10% ceiling in one company set to be removed, with riders.
Volatility in local share markets have hit India Inc's equity fund-raising plans, with the total deal value this year set to fall ...
As UBS AG prepares to shrink its investment bank after a $2.3-billion loss from unauthorised trading, bankers pushed out, or ...
In the backdrop of buoyant kharif season in Uttar Pradesh, agricultural loan disbursement during the current financial year is ...
Two Federal Reserve policymakers voiced wariness about the idea of spurring growth by letting inflation accelerate as they ...
L&T group, a serious contender for a new banking licence, today expressed doubts over the viability of new banks having 25% ...
The Reserve Bank (RBI) today said the Indian Banks' Association (IBA) is expected to submit comments by the end of this month on ...
McGraw-Hill Cos said the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) may recommend a civil injunction against the company’s ...
In a move aimed at addressing conflicts of interest in distribution of financial products, the Securities and Exchange Board of ...
Rewriting of financial sector legislation has gained momentum, with the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) ...
India Inc’s demand for dollars is likely to keep the rupee weak against the greenback in the near term.
To enhance the creditworthiness of infrastructure projects, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed foreign equity investors ...
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has upheld the order passed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) against ...
China’s yuan dropped the most in four months as concern Europe’s debt crisis will worsen curbed demand for emerging ...
Central bankers from three Southeast Asian nations signalled that global financial market turmoil will diminish inflation ...
European Central Bank (ECB) policymakers are likely to next week debate restarting their covered-bond purchases along with ...
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said euro region leaders must erect a firewall around Greece to avert a cascade of market attacks ...
Euro zone banks need at least euro 150 billion ($202 billion) of capital provided through a Europe-wide Troubled Asset Relief ...
Rural Electrification Corporation will raise $200 million (Rs 990 crore) through Swiss franc-denominated bonds.
The roadshow for ...
Edelweiss Tokio Life, the newest entrant in the Indian life insurance sector, has firmed up plans to rope in 6,000 agents and set ...
Amid volatile trading that reflected the concern over the European debt crisis and the demand from importers, the rupee fell ...
After witnessing huge movements triggered by global jitters, the rupee may continue to witness volatility tomorrow, albeit on a ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) said it was ready to “strongly support” European nations in their efforts to ...
Even as bank finance seems to be getting costlier with rising interest rates, more and more consumers have started turning ...
While self-help groups and women beneficiaries of microfinance are being seen as a success story, a group of illiterate women in ...
European policymakers faced mounting pressure from foreign counterparts and investors to step up efforts to prevent their ...
The falling value of rupee may impact hard the profitability of Indian companies, which have tapped overseas loans, and the ...
Equities are expected to stay volatile because of turbulent global markets and the expiry of derivative contracts for September ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Duvvuri Subbarao said there is a bigger risk that the recession in the US and the ...
However, both have said MSCB, which is under the administrator’s rule since May 7, has come out of the provisions of ...
Insurance excludes instruments, cars and drivers, already covered globally.
The depreciation in the value of rupee was expected to an extend and could be temporary, said Prime Minister’s Economic ...
With an aim to increase its customer base in the country, Fiserv India- a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fiserv Inc is planning to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed banks and non-banking financial companies (NBFC) to sponsor infrastructure debt funds ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose by $266 million to $317 billion for the week ended September 16, primarily on ...
Volatility in exchange rate to stay, says Gokarn; RBI intervention only to target excess in this regard.
Despite a reported selling of the dollars in the market, India's forex reserves rose by $266 million to $316.763 billion for the ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) plans to set up a venture capital fund with an initial corpus of Rs 300 ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 399.22 crore under its Rural Infrastructure ...
Investors dumped high yielding assets and moved towards the dollar after the US Federal Reserve expressed concerns over the US ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has announced that it sanctioned a loan of Rs 264.74 crore for ...
Tata Capital, a subsidiary of Tata Sons, on Thursday announced that it will form a joint venture (JV) with Groupe Aeroplan Inc, a ...
In the name of financial inclusion, banks should not blindly follow a policy of customer acquisition, providing new access to new ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to strengthen their payment infrastructure for safety in automated teller ...
Weakening debt servicing ability of the corporate sector, particularly the small and medium enterprises, due to higher interest ...
The much-awaited bancassurance guidelines might take some more time to come out.
The regulator is considering the reaction to ...
Contrary to popular perception, exporters feel they may, at best, reap short-term gains out of the depreciating rupee against the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today tightened the return filing format for non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) under which ...
As the Indian currency moved closer towards the Rs 50-to-a-dollar mark, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said the Reserve ...
In order to minimise fraud cases and ensure security of transactions, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it had doubled its Medium Term Note (MTN) programme to $10 billion to fund overseas
From now on, insurers cannot deny any claims on the ground of delayed filing and intimation of documents, particularly if the ...
As currencies of developed nations struggle to maintain supremacy in global financial markets, the yuan is finding favour with ...
The European debt crisis has generated as much as $410 billion in credit risk for European banks, the International Monetary Fund ...
Loans grew faster than deposits during the fortnight ended September 9, indicating an increase in credit demand during the ...
Usha Thorat, chairperson of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) panel on finance companies, on Wednesday said she did not ...
If the deal between CIC and Virgin Money is agreed, it will be the first major investment from China in the British banking ...
Amid a strengthening dollar and the global risk aversion, the rupee has fallen by 9.5 per cent in the last two months.
While ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, on Wednesday said it would offer a discount of 25 basis points ...
My car was inadvertently insured twice with two different insurers.
I feel there is no point in keeping both the policies.
After roping in Nippon Life in the life insurance business, Reliance Capital is now looking to sell 26 per cent stake in Reliance ...
As many as 26 co-operative banks failed in 2010-11 which resulted in credit insurance companies paying over Rs 268 crore to ...
It was his passion for examining raw data to draw conclusions from a set of information that persuaded Mohan Jayaraman to join ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) might relax the debt investment norms for Life Insurance Corporation of ...
They begin delaying payments, many talk of need for govt help.
Bank of India (BoI) has sought capital infusion of Rs 4,000 crore from the government to fund its growth for the next two-three ...
Hit by rising input costs, hardening interest costs and the policy conundrum, corporate capital expenditure would continue to be ...
Amid the current uncertain macro-economic environment, inorganic growth seems to be the mantra for multi-national corporations ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today relaxed norms for insurance agents by removing certain riders at ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said it would come out with guidelines for initial public ...
Bonuses at UBS AG's investment bank may be at risk after the company suffered a $2.3 billion loss from what it described as ...
Investors have pulled more money from US equity funds since the end of April than in the five months after the collapse of Lehman ...
AGS Transact Technologies Ltd (ATTL), an ATM outsourcing and systems integration company, plans to set up 5,000 ATMs in the next ...
State-run National Housing Bank (NHB) plans to set up a mortgage finance company by the end of this financial year.
The housing ...
Online and mobile banking is changing the way in which basic transactions happen.
Sudeep Yadav, Citi's managing director and head ...
Mangalore-headquartered Karnataka Bank has set a target of 25 percent growth in business in 2011-12, and plans to achieve it by ...
Though the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) continued its hawkish stance during the mid-quarter review of monetary policy last week, ...
Plans huge expansion on credit cards, personal loans; says retail loan quality not a problem.
India Factoring, a joint venture between Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Malta-based FIMBank, is set to receive Rs 100-crore ...
Norms relating to the ownership and listing of new private banks, as proposed in the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) draft ...
Insurance companies may have to set a minimum rate of return for each category of debt instruments they invest in.
Pune-based public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra is hopeful of receiving Rs 800 crore from the government as part of the ...
Private lender Dhanlaxmi Bank today hiked base rate, or the minimum lending rate, by 25 basis points to 11%, while loans under ...
Pune-based public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) is likely to hike its base rate by 25 basis points from October 1, ...
The 12 rate hikes, in the past 18 months, by the Reserve Bank have failed to hurt growth in aggregate demand as households are ...
The non-life insurance industry is expected to grow by over 18 per cent by 2015 to become a Rs 90,000-crore sector from the ...
The rupee will continue to feel the heat on the back of a growing demand for the dollar across the globe, as uncertainty on ...
ICICI Securities, the broking arm of India's largest private sector bank, is to focus on expanding its institutional broking ...
Regulator plans minimum death benefit at five times the annual premium.
Soon after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised its key lending rates by 25 basis points, the Export-Import Bank of India said ...
UBS AG Chief Executive Officer Oswald Gruebel said he doesn't plan to resign after Switzerland's biggest bank last week reported ...
A group that represents the world's biggest banks is trying to persuade Brazil, Russia, India, China and others to lend 20 ...
Pune-based public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) is likely to hike its base rate by 25 basis points (bps) from October ...
Ending months of indecision, the government is set to appoint a full-time chairman for Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) in the ...
Chief Economic Advisor Kaushik Basu has pitched for a reduction in interest rates to maintain growth, saying the RBI's tight ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India profit in the current fiscal is likely to exceed Rs 10,000 crore on the back of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to maintain its hawkish stand and further increase key policy rate up till January ...
A group that represents the world’s biggest banks is trying to persuade Brazil, Russia, India, China and others to lend 20 ...
The government has formed a committee to look into the capital requirements of public sector banks in the light of the Basel-III ...
State Bank of India to pass on policy rate hike to consumers in two-three weeks.
Interest rate rises have been a cause of concern for the past 18 months.
Prompted by the Reserve Bank of India's increase in the ...
The government is likely to take a decision on the appointment of a permanent chairman for Life Insurance Corporation of India in ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL), Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd (IDFC) and Life Insurance ...
The Maharashtra government on Saturday made a strong pitch for review of Reserve Bank of India’s prudential norms relating ...
Less than two months after UBS AG Chief Executive Officer Oswald Gruebel said the bank had "one of the best" ...
The 10-month uncertainty over Axis Bank’s acquisition of the financial services business of Enam Securities has finally ...
15 % of the country's total MSME units housed in Gujarat may be impacted.
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told European Union (EU) finance ministers on Friday they should end loose talk about a ...
All loans are set to become costlier, with the Reserve Bank today hiking the key interest rate for the 12th time since March, ...
Concerned over high inflation, the Reserve Bank (RBI) today raised key interest rates by 25 basis points, its 12th such hike ...
The European Central Bank said it will lend dollars to euro-area banks in a series of three-month loans as the region's debt ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private lender, has slowed mobilising deposits from retail depositors in foreign markets.
The ...
Goldplus, a mass-market jewellery brand of Titan Industries, on Thursday tied up with Kerala-based Muthoot Finance to offer a new ...
Allianz SE (ALV)’s reinsurance unit is selling less hurricane and earthquake coverage to third parties as it focuses on ...
To further liberalise norms on foreign exchange transactions, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday announced a number of ...
Religare Capital Markets Ltd (RCML), the investment banking subsidiary of Religare Enterprises Ltd, is in ‘active ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the second largest government-owned bank in India, opened a representative office in the heart of the ...
On the day that Lehman Brothers, then the world’s fourth largest investment bank, filed for bankruptcy three years ago, ...
UBS, the largest bank in Switzerland, said its India business will not be affected because of $2 billion loss arising out of ...
31-year old trader arrested in London; decline in trade adds to Swiss bank’s expected third quarter loss.
The Malegam Committee's report published by the Reserve Bank of India on Monday, seems to have opened doors for Gujarat's ...
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), the first Chinese bank to start operations in India, would initially focus on ...
Standard Chartered Bank appears to lead the race to acquire Barclays Bank's credit card business in India, six months after the ...
The Axis Bank board will meet tomorrow to vet the revised proposal of a merger of select businesses of Enam Securities.
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company on Thursday announced the launch of ICICI Pru Elite Life and ICICI Pru Elite Wealth. ...
Health insurance portability service, which would allow policy holders to switch insurers, is all set to be implemented from ...
At time when growth in loans is showing signs of moderating, the Union government has asked states to closely track the flow of ...
PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC), US Bancorp and Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) are among firms that may benefit as Bank of ...
The euphoria over the depreciating rupee aiding the rise in earnings of Indian exporters is likely to be capped, since the ...
Barclays Plc (BARC) is leading investment banks in a retreat from a form of leveraged buyout (LBO) financing that has made the ...
Firm to sell 26 per cent to Nippon Life.
Tier-I capital ratio to 9 per cent by the start of 2013 as it scales back the US dollar corporate- and investment-banking ...
To start with institutional & corporate banking; would like to open 25-30 branches over next 4 yrs.
The Malegam Committee's report published by the Reserve Bank of India on Monday, seems to have opened doors for Gujarat's ...
European banks are losing deposits as savers and money funds spooked by the region’s debt crisis search for havens, a trend ...
After a gap of nine months, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday intervened in the foreign exchange market to support the ...
Two public sector lenders Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) and Allahabad Bank today raised fixed deposits rates by up to 30 basis ...
In a bid to ensure higher volumes, New Pension Scheme (NPS) fund managers have told the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday seemed visibly perturbed when he said a series of bad news is coming.
His remarks ...
GVK Power and Infrastructure’s multi-billion dollar acquisition of Hancock Coal is facing last-minute jitters, as lenders ...
Ujjivan Financial Services, a Bangalore-based microfinance institution, plans to raise Rs 900 crore through debt and equity deals ...
Notes pressure due to rising costs, interest.
Health insurance portability to be limited to non-life insurers.
Ted Weschler, the hedge fund manager and marathoner, made money trading Bank of America Corp stock and held the biggest stake of ...
To attract the rural masses and meet financial inclusion targets, banks are offering no-frills accounts with in-built features ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee will meet the chief ministers of western states, including Maharashtra and Gujarat, on Saturday ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that it would not intervene in the foreign exchange market unless the situation is ...
Extending losses for the seventh straight session, the rupee tumbled sharply by 37 paise to close at nearly 16-month low of ...
Transactions worth Rs 7,471.76 crore were carried out using credit cards in the country in July, this year, 28.4% more than that ...
Bank of America Corp (BAC), the biggest US lender by assets, will eliminate 30,000 jobs in the next few years as part of Chief ...
Investors are valuing European banks at levels not seen since the depths of the credit crunch that followed the collapse of ...
In a move that may further dent sales of unit-linked life insurance plans (Ulips), the Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
Italy sold euro 11.5 billion ($15.6 billion) of Treasury bills as demand waned and borrowing costs rose amid Europe’s ...
A Reserve Bank of India-appointed panel has recommended that the existing financially healthy and well managed co-operative ...
ICICI Bank plans to raise funds through foreign currency bonds in the coming quarters to meet the funding needs of Indian ...
Despite the impending economic slowdown, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to maintain its hawkish stance by raising ...
State Bank India (SBI) today said its rights issue proposal is on course and it could happen in another 2-3 months.
BNP Paribas SA, Societe Generale SA and Credit Agricole SA, France’s largest banks by market value, may have their credit ...
Inter-state politics, ideological division threaten to complicate matters.
The Punjab National Bank will soon start the roll-out of Gen Next branches pan India to provide hi-tech banking to the youth in ...
Punjab National Bank, whose total advances to agriculture segment stood at over Rs 34,000 crore in the first quarter of current ...
State Bank of India may, in the coming years, double its annual spending on information technology from the present Rs 500 crore, ...
Draft norms reduce investment ceiling from 25% to 5%.
After taking the biggest plunge in a year, the rupee may continue to tumble as risk-wary investors wait upon the events this
Assigned to cover Mandya district to provide basic banking services through IT-enabled financial inclusion, the average micro ...
With headline inflation hovering around the 10-digit mark, the Reserve Bank is likely to raise its key policy rates again in its ...
The final guidelines on new banking licences would be released only after the necessary amendments to the Banking Laws ...
The Reserve Bank has indicated to the government that it will not provide any hedging support to the infrastructure development ...
Indian stock market is poised for robust growth in 12-18 months and the BSE benchmark Sensex may soar to a record 23,000 mark by ...
Combined market capitalisation (m-cap) of eight of the country's top-10 firms declined by Rs 21,660.16 crore on the BSE last
The draft guidelines for licensing of new banks in the private sector released last week, have set off a flurry of activity among ...
Group of Seven finance chiefs vowed to support banks and buoy slowing economic growth as Europe’s debt crisis roiled ...
The Reserve Bank of India has approved Axis Bank’s revised plan to acquire the broking and investment banking businesses of ...
Fund outflows on the back of weak equity markets, coupled with sustained dollar demand from oil companies, dragged the rupee to a ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, appears to be going slow on its hiring plans for the current financial ...
Sanlam Ltd (SLM), a South African-based insurer, is to buy 26 per cent in Shriram Capital Ltd (SCL), part of the Rs 30,000-crore ...
HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA)’s proposed $62.5 million settlement with investors in an Irish fund that lost their money in ...
According to Reserve Bank of India quarterly data, the SBI group’s share in deposits declined to 21.6 per cent in March ...
Just when banks need them the most amid rising cost of funds, low-cost deposits may not come to their rescue.
The European Central Bank (ECB) left interest rates unchanged and may lower its inflation and growth forecasts as the ...
European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet said threats to the euro region had worsened and inflation risks had eased, ...
Micro-lenders’ plans to restructure the loans of their poor customers appears to have hit a hurdle, with the Andhra Pradesh ...
Just a day after banks agreed to waive prepayment charges at a meeting with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), home loan borrowers ...
The government is likely to take a call on infusing capital into the country’s largest lender, State Bank of India, in a ...
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) has said the minimum capital requirement for setting up a ...
The state level bankers’ committee (SLBC) has held regional rural banks (RRBs) responsible for the slow pace of growth in ...
The country continues to undergo a high-inflation spell, owing to the developed world’s policy response to the global ...
Having paid a stiff price in the form of huge provisioning, the country’s biggest lender State Bank of India today ruled ...
With the demand for funding infrastructure projects pegged at $1 trillion, the regulator and the government should allow new ...
As Indian banks gear up for the second wave of technological enhancement, their spending is likely to shoot, a little over fifty ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) and Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) have drawn up plans to invest Rs 10,000 ...
The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) on Wednesday published its audited placement data for its three full-time ...
The Swiss central bank’s decision to cap the appreciation of the nation’s currency against the euro may fall short of ...
Religare Finvest Limited (RFL) is aggressively looking at small and medium enterprises for business growth, as the non-banking ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Wednesday said the limit on the franc-euro exchange rate was a ...
The rupee today settled at one-year low of 46.16/17 against the US currency, down by 5 paise over last close, as sustained dollar ...
Religare Finvest Ltd (RFL), a non-banking finance company wholly-owned by Religare Enterprises, plans to remain focused on the ...
Bank deposits showed robust growth over the August 12-26 fortnightfortnight while credit offtake declined in the same period on ...
Swiss private bankers are pursuing acquisitions to boost profits as punitive tax agreements make the nation less attractive for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Tuesday loans that are fixed in the initial years and become floating later would be ...
Prepayment penalty, a nightmare suffered often by individual borrowers of home or car loans, is set to end.
In a meeting with the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has mooted the idea of lowering banks’ reserve requirements, which have remained high for ...
The Reserve Bank is committed to bringing down the cash reserve ratio (CRR) and statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) in a ...
Germany is divided over Europe’s bailout fund.
Finland may be jeopardising Greece’s latest rescue.
And Italy is ...
In an attempt to capture the contemporary pulse of the country with respect to money, private lender Kotak Mahindra Bank has ...
Sequoia Capital-backed Prizm Payment Services Ltd plans capital expenditure of Rs 1,000 crore over three years to scale up its ...
Banks are raising funds through certificates of deposits (CDs) to tide over the tighter liquidity deficit expected on account of ...
The microfinance trio—Spandana Sphoorty Financial, SHARE Microfin and Asmitha Microfin—have proposed to merge their ...
Foreign banks in the country appear to bear the brunt of policy rate increases more severely than their domestic rivals.
The cost ...
The fixed-cum-floating rate scheme will have tenure of three and five years.
Treasury officials said even as the system remained in deficit — an outcome of the Reserve Bank of India stance to check ...
Investors have begun to choose top-rated corporate bonds over government securities, as there is no clarity on the course of ...
The south central zone (comprising Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka) of state-owned Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will be ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India is set to offer up to six per cent annual return on Pension Plus, its unit-linked pension ...
SKS Microfinance, which is passing through rough weathers, may approach the Reserve Bank for a banking licence, according to ...
The stock market is expected to drop before some consolidation this week as it looks towards global peers for cues and fresh ...
The meeting will discuss the progress of centrally-sponsored schemes, state-wise flow of credit to the agriculture sector, ...
The government has appointed Nupur Mitra as Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of Dena Bank.
Amid a strong broader market, the combined market capitalisation (m-cap) of the country's top nine firms increased Rs 89,339.66 ...
Top foreign lenders in India have started raising their lending rates aggressively in the wake of the rising cost of funds.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Saturday if inflation stayed beyond the threshold level of four-six per cent, it could ...
Standard Chartered has increased its minimum rate of lending by 25 basis points to 9.75% to become the second foreign bank to do ...
Public sector Indian Bank today said it has revised upwards interest rates for the Foreign Currency Non-Resident (FCNR) and ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) seem to have taken a leaf out of the banks’ debt recast programme for the sector to cap ...
The federal agency that oversees the mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is set to file suits against more than a dozen ...
India’s largest lender, State Bank of India and its associates, fell behind other banks operating in India in efficiency in ...
The country’s largest life insurer, which reported a 10.3 per cent rise in net actuarial surplus at Rs 22,716 crore for ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is looking at a huge jump in premium collected through bancassurance, amid increasing ...
State Bank India (SBI) today said its Rs 20,000 crore rights issue proposal was on track and the bank was not looking at any ...
Lower cost a plus for these small-ticket borrowings in today’s macroeconomic uncertainty.
Standard & Poor’s (S&P) is giving a higher rating to securities backed by subprime home loans, the same type of ...
This Monday, two documents were released which would have a long and deep impact on India’s financial services industry.
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is to provide equity and quasi-equity assistance to micro, small and ...
Under a mediclaim policy, the insurance company is required to reimburse the cost of hospitalization and treatment.
What happens ...
Higher provisioning and capital adequacy norms, as recommended by the working group of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on ...
Hit by high interest rates, growth in commercial credit offtake from banks by major sectors slowed to 18.9% in July, 2011, from ...
Barring a few top players, banking is likely to be a distant dream for most microfinance institutions in the country.
This is ...
In the largest repayment offer of its kind, Sahara India Financial Corp (SIFCL), the parabanking arm of Sahara India Pariwar, has ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) issued the draft norms for new banking licences, a host of companies started the ...
Infrastructure developers, who have won highway projects by offering huge premiums to the government, might find it tough to ...
The Manipal Education and Bank of Baroda (BoB) on Tuesday announced the launch of the Baroda Manipal School of Banking (BMSB) ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has sanctioned Rs 97.38 crore to the Government of Gujarat under ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has penalised Shri Janata Sahakari Bank Limited, Halol in Panchmahal district in Gujarat with a ...
To push retailing of government bonds, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has made it mandatory for existing and prospective primary ...
Credit flow to non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and the commercial real estate sector in July stayed robust, whereas overall ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) appears to have gone slow in offering new branch licences to foreign banks which have greater ...
As the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) paves the way for new players to enter the banking sector, non-bank financial companies ...
The government today said provisioning against the non-performing assets (NPAs) of State Bank of India (SBI) increased more than ...
Though the much-awaited draft norms for new banking licences were announced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday, ...
Alpha Bank SA, Greece’s third- largest lender, will acquire EFG Eurobank Ergasias SA to create the nation’s biggest ...
Say draft guidelines are along expected lines; some feel a few clauses may give incumbents undue advantage.
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) may find it tough to float a bank.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in the draft guidelines ...
A committee set up by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday recommended that the provisioning and asset classification norms ...
The Manipal Education and Bank of Baroda (BoB) on Monday announced the launch of the Baroda Manipal School of Banking (BMSB) ...
Realty, brokerage firms out; differential treatment to newcomers, incumbents.
Hurricane Irene’s estimated cost to insurers fell to about $2.6 billion in the US as the storm lost strength en route to ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Citigroup Inc, whose offices in New York’s evacuation zone for Hurricane Irene escaped major ...
Industrial houses and companies seeking banking licences will have their work cut out, as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
Welcoming the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) draft guidelines on granting new bank licences, corporates and analysts today said ...
SBI Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri today said the government is "committed" to infusing funds into it through the bank's ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today unveiled the draft guidelines on new banking licences, pegging the minimum required capital ...
A Reserve Bank panel has advocated tough new norms for non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) with the aim of strengthening the ...
The yields on government bonds are likely to open low but concerns on inflation and fresh supply in the holiday-shortened trading ...
Some of the public sector banks and regional rural banks (RRBs) operating in Orissa have made tardy progress in the area of ...
With rising interest rates and high inflation denting the bottom line of small businesses, the finance ministry has directed ...
The RBI has said Indian banks would adhere to the globally agreed timeline for implementation of Basel III norms and guidelines ...
The government could face difficulties in managing its borrowing programme for the current fiscal amid the prevailing tight ...
The government has decided to sanction Rs 2,000 crore to some public sector banks as part of its recapitalisation drive.
India's rupee and Thailand's baht led declines among Asian currencies this week on signs economic growth is slowing in the region ...
The growing Indian diaspora and business opportunities in Dubai have excited Indian bankers in the region.
No wonder, a number of ...
Banks operating in the Orissa circle have managed to achieve only 34 per cent of the Annual Credit Plan (ACP) by the end of June ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to develop effective risk management controls for lending to small scale ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said the central bank still has tools to stimulate the economy without providing details ...
Warren Buffett may have sought to rescue marquee names like Bank of America and Goldman Sachs by investing $5 billion each, but ...
State-run lender Bank of India today said it had raised $200 million to expand its foreign operations.
The premium collection of the life insurance industry in India dipped 21.8 per cent to Rs 26,794 crore during the April to July ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sought the close monitoring of the twin deficits—the fiscal deficit and the current ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) gross income for 2010-11 rose 12.7 per cent to Rs 37,070 crore from Rs 32,884 crore a ...
While retaining economic growth estimates for the current financial year at eight per cent, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Corporate volume growth in expected to get slower in the year’s second half due to monetary tightening and inflationary ...
Regional rural banks (RRBs) may need more time to shift entirely to core banking solutions (CBS) than that allotted by the ...
Industry’s wait for new bank licences may get a bit longer as the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) suggestions ...
After securing the largest-sized foreign direct investment in the Indian insurance sector, with Nippon Life taking 26 per cent ...
Clearing the decks for Rs 3,000-crore Reliance Life-Nippon deal, the government today relaxed norms for dilution of stake by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today warned of difficult days ahead, saying inflation will remain at elevated levels for some ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) warned on Thursday against accepting high inflation as the "new normal," adding that ...
A week after it decided to reduce its headcount in India wealth management business, Credit Suisse strengthened its investment ...
To incentivise lending to marginal farmers and specific regions, National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) may ...
With the busy season approaching and interest rates hardening in foreign countries, domestic loan demand is showing early signs ...
Deregulation of the savings rate is likely to destabilise the interest rate structure in the country, K R Kamath, chairman and ...
With four years left for the implementation of Basel- III norms, banks in India would have to gear up for the phased transition ...
If not satisfied with the way a grievance has been addressed, try the ombudsman forums before taking to legal redressal.
The Swiss Alps and the financial markets may be worlds apart, but State Bank of India (SBI) apparently thinks otherwise.
When the ...
State Street Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co profited during the financial crisis by borrowing $200 billion almost risk-free ...
Pune based ElectraCard Services (ECS), a provider of software solutions for electronic payment systems, has signed an agreement ...
Insurance companies have been capitalising on the misperception that a comprehensive motor insurance policy (CIP) does not cover ...
Credit offtake from banks grew by 20.3% to over Rs 41 lakh crore during the one-year period ended August 12, 2011, suggesting an ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Anand Sinha today said though bad loans are rising in the system, the central bank does not see it ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is eyeing almost 25 per cent growth in its micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) portfolio of ...
“Here in Washington, we’ve all seen how quickly good intentions can turn into broken promises and wasteful spending. ...
UBS AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank, will eliminate about 3,500 jobs, or 5.3 per cent of the workforce, as stricter capital ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty on Tuesday said agricultural productivity could be determined in ...
After implementing the move to split the posts of chairmen and chief executive officers (CEOs) in private banks in 2007, the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Tuesday said the moderation in bank credit growth so far this ...
ICICI Bank on Tuesday said its recently launched fixed-rate home loan scheme would not attract the higher provisioning mandated ...
India’s largest public sector lender, State Bank of India (SBI), is hopeful of receiving the much needed capital infusion ...
Japan’s two-year bonds yielded the least relative to overnight lending rates between banks in nine months on speculation ...
With higher rates of interest pinching individual borrowers and affecting their capacity to service their loans, the government ...
Draft norms soon, but central bank worried about self-dealing by company promoters.
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has suggested the revenue department should liaise with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it had no plan to relaunch the dual/fixed rate home loan products, ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it would come out with the rights issue this fiscal, but maintained ...
Swiss banking major UBS today said it would slash 3,500 jobs as part of cost-cutting measures, with nearly half of the cuts ...
Though the life insurance industry is seeing turbulent times, HDFC Life expects to breakeven in the current financial year.
In an ...
Air India would have to pay 15 per cent more for its annual insurance policy, set to come up for renewal on October 1.
At Rs 160 ...
Chairman Ben S Bernanke has big shoes to fill this week when he speaks at the Federal Reserve’s annual symposium in Jackson ...
The Union finance ministry has reportedly asked all nationalised banks and financial institutions to make payments electronically ...
Gold loan major Muthoot Finance Ltd (MFL) expects to maintain its net interest margin at 9.5 to 10 per cent in this financial ...
Foreign-exchange traders are putting their faith in Jean-Claude Trichet, betting the European Central Bank (ECB) President will ...
The Indian banking sector is poised to become the world's third-largest in terms of assets over the next 14 years, according to a ...
Bearish wagers against global stocks at hedge funds have surged to the highest level since July 2009 as the European debt crisis ...
Rising cost pressures, moderating demand and high interest costs would limit rating upgrades in the second quarter, according to ...
The euphoria over offshore bond issuances may fizzle out, as rising swap rates have made conversion of fixed-rate bonds into ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance, one of the youngest players in the life insurance space, has set a target of mopping up Rs 1,200 crore ...
As many as 22 life insurance companies had assets under management (AUM), including equity and fixed income assets, of Rs 15, ...
Move aimed at speeding up process, checking corruption in funds’ transfer.
Bank of America Corp (BAC), the biggest US lender, may try to cut costs by 20 per cent in consumer banking with measures that ...
At a time when over 60 per cent of the country's population do not have access to banking services and credit facility remaining ...
Sutesh Sharma, who heads a team of Citigroup Inc proprietary traders, intends to leave the company and start a hedge fund, two ...
Third-party sales force in financial sector dying slow death.
The non-convertible debentures (NCD) issue of Muthoot Finance Ltd (MFL) will open on August 23.
The company plans to raise Rs ...
Banks are betting big on the festive mood to make up for the slackness in loan growth so far, by waiving processing fees and even ...
State-owned Corporation Bank has sought Rs 300 crore capital support from the government to fund business growth.
Against the backdrop of a robust growth in the foreign direct investment in the first quarter of the current fiscal, the ...
Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) have increased stakes marginally in 16 Sensex firms including Larsen & Toubro, ...
Market regulator Sebi is mulling changes in the way it settles probes against listed companies and various market entities ...
Corporation Bank Chairman and Managing Director Ramnath Pradeep today refuted charges of inappropriately sanctioning big-ticket ...
A successful micro finance business model for the poorest of the poor is creating waves in rural Bengal.
Muthoot Finance, the largest gold-loan non-banking finance company is planning to raise another Rs 1,000 crore through listed ...
Treasuries surged, pushing yields on five-, seven- and 10-year notes to historic lows, as investors sought a refuge on concern US ...
Global job cuts in the financial sector have reached India as well.
Credit Suisse, the Zurich-based global financial services ...
Citigroup Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co cut their US growth forecasts as the global economy slows and officials struggle to ...
Manappuram Finance Ltd (MFL) will be opening its new corporate office in Mumbai.
The Mumbai
office, located at Aiswarya Business ...
Indian Bank on Thursday launched a variable recurring deposit product for its rural customers covered under financial inclusion.
Plans from France and Germany to move toward fiscal union in 2012 got a chilly response from other euro-zone countries and failed ...
Commercial banks operating in Orissa have been pulled up by the state government for their below-par lending to the agricultural ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday reiterated that inflation continued to be the primary concern for the central bank as ...
The ratio of volatile capital flows to foreign exchange reserves rose to 67.3 per cent in 2010-11, compared with 58 per cent in ...
Two Federal Reserve policy makers said the central bank’s commitment to keep its benchmark rate near zero for two years may ...
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector bank, on Thursday said it would launch two new home loan products with interest ...
Flagging concern over asset quality pressures, rating agency Fitch Ltd has revised outlook on Religare Finvest Ltd (RFL) to ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Thursday said India's growth rate should be maintained at around ...
Leading home loan players which aggressively pursued fixed-cum-floating loans are not likely to respond to ICICI Bank’s ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) took a solitary step during the first quarter review of the monetary policy, as it resorted to a ...
At a time when lenders are concerned about the non-performing assets (NPAs) in their financial statements, an Ahmedabad-based ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday penalised Rajkot-based Rajkot Commercial Co-operative Bank Limited for violation of ...
Alarmed at the trend of state-run banks' profitability eroding soon after their chairmen retire, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Realty among four sectors to be kept out; FDI may be capped at 49%.
Healthcare is costlier than a stay in a five-star hotel.
Clearly, it is beyond the means of the common man.
One-time ...
Faced with “extremely low” credit deposit ratio (CDR) of some private and public sector banks in Uttarakhand, the ...
Aviva Life has emerged as the front-runner for tying up with Syndicate Bank for its proposed insurance joint venture.
India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL) on Wednesday said it aimed to raise Rs 11,000 crore by March 2012 from institutional ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) continues to focus on controlling inflation and inflationary expectations even as inflation has ...
The proposed deal between Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Metlife, which saw the bank getting a discount of nearly Rs 750 crore, ...
Some of the gloom that settled over the US economic outlook as stocks and sentiment plunged in recent weeks may soon dissipate as ...
The government is likely to decide on the rights issue proposal of country's largest lender State Bank India (SBI) in the next ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc was sued by Allstate Insurance Co over the sale of more than $100 million worth of residential ...
Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc increased its stake in Wells Fargo & Co, building equity holdings amid a ...
Aditya Birla Financial Services on Tuesday reported a near three-fold increase in net profit for the April-June quarter to Rs 161 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to release the draft guidelines on the entry of new banks next week.
The norms will seek ...
Banks are going slow on raising funds through certificates of deposits (CDs), even at low rates, owing to the rise in the flow of ...
Rising interest rates are unlikely to erode the net interest margin of banks this financial year, since lending rates are ...
The government on Tuesday suspended New India Assurance Chairman M Ramadoss on charges of irregularities in the distribution of ...
The country's largest stock market investor, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India, has made some critical changes in its ...
Fitch Ratings affirmed its AAA credit rating for the US and said the outlook is stable, citing the nation’s central role in ...
The Andhra Pradesh government is all set to establish Apex Cooperative Bank for women self-help groups (SHGs) to minimise the ...
South-based lender Dhanlaxmi Bank today hiked its retail term deposit rates in two baskets, taking it into double digits in one ...
Expectations of further increase in rates on the back of persistently high inflation and continuous supply of bonds with lesser ...
Citigroup Inc and Goldman Sachs Group Inc increased gross exposures to French banks in the year’s first half before the ...
Bank of America Corp, the biggest US bank by assets, said it will exit the international credit-card business by selling its ...
The quality of fresh unsecured loans of private and foreign banks are getting better, as these lenders, armed with credit ...
The cumulative value of transactions carried out through cheques across the country during June 2011 amounts to Rs 7.19 lakh ...
Nine advisory committees to suggest sector-wise solutions.
Ruling out any major impact of the ongoing crisis in the West on India’s GDP growth, former RBI governor Yaga Venugopal ...
The loss of market confidence in economic leadership in key countries like the United States and Europe coupled with a fragile ...
Foreign institutional investors (FII) have offloaded shares worth $1.30 billion (about Rs 5,829.40 crore) in the Indian equity ...
The National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) has said any bank with round-the-clock core banking solution capabilities, with ...
The cumulative value of transactions carried out through cheques across the country during June, 2011, amounts to Rs 7.19 lakh ...
With rising costs and higher risks involved, Ganpati mandals in Mumbai are going the extra mile to protect their idols, jewellery ...
Higher investment depreciation, loan loss provisions
take a toll.
Bank says won’t require more provisions.
The credit deposit ratio (CDR) of banks in Bihar rose 2.52 per cent to 36.51 per cent in the quarter ended June 30, compared with ...
Hyderabad-based three major microfinance institutions- Share Microfin Limited, Asmitha Microfin Limited and Spandana Sphoorty ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday issued operational guidelines for the implementation of a transfer system for servicing ...
India's foreign exchange reserves fell by $ 1.9 billion to $ 317 billion for the week ending August 5, 2011 on account of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said a challenge for effective transmission of monetary policy was to keep systemic ...
As the government proposes to bring all micro finance institutions (MFIs) under the ambit of the Reserve Bank (RBI), Deputy ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which is accused of hurting growth by a spree of policy rate increases, on Friday said economic ...
Public sector Canara Bank is eyeing an increase in its business portfolio in Uttar Pradesh to Rs 25,000 crore in the current ...
The six largest US money market funds have eliminated their lending to Italian and Spanish banks, reduced investments in French ...
Thrissur-based gold loan company Manappuram Finance Ltd expects no impact from rising prices of the precious metal.
Country's second-largest private lender HDFC Bank has decided to raise its lending rates by 50 basis points in line with its ...
The Insurance Regulatory Authority of India (Irda) today made it mandatory for insurers to seek prior approval in case of stake ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s transferable surplus dipped by 20 per cent to Rs 15,009 crore for the year ended June.
This is ...
The Union government’s chief economic adviser, Kaushik Basu, on Thursday said India's credit rating could rise relatively ...
The stage is set for the country's top two private banks to test their skills in pursuit of market share.
After consolidating its ...
Gold loan provider Manappuram Finance plans to raise Rs 750 crore through the sale of secured redeemable non-convertible ...
The country's top two banks, State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank, on Thursday announced 50-basis point increases in their ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, has scaled down the requirement of funds from the government for ...
HDFC RED (Real Estate Destination), an online information hub for the buyers of residential properties, has added Nashik city on ...
It feels eerily familiar: Stocks are plummeting.
The economy is slowing.
Politicians are scrambling to find solutions but are ...
Rather than cheap money promise, experts say markets want cues on US action to address debt and deficit levels over long term.
Tells banks monetary tightening will continue; food inflation nears 10%.
Country's top two lenders State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank today announced a hike in lending rates by 50 basis points ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said it was expanding its overseas presence in Kenya, Uganda, Australia, New Zealand and Gulf ...
The nation's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today hinted at increasing both its lending as well as deposit rates, ...
Transactions worth Rs 7,191 crore were carried out using credit cards in the country in June, 2011, translating into a growth of ...
HSBC Holdings on Wednesday said it would sell a part of its cards and retail services businesses in the US to Capital One ...
To enhance banks’ capacity to adopt Basel-II norms, the Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday issued draft norms to calculate ...
The Maharashtra government on Wednesday requested the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to do away with the practice of state ...
Seeking improvement in individual foreign exchange transactions, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has said the central bank ...
The growth in bank advances continued to decline, owing to a rise in lending rates.
Along with corporate credit, bankers say ...
The concerns of a global slowdown after the downgrade of the sovereign US rating, from AAA to AA+ with a negative outlook, ...
Shriram City Union Finance Ltd (Shriram City), the non banking finance company, is planning to extensively increase its presence ...
Lower premium collection during the first quarter of the current financial year has led the country's largest institutional ...
The central bank indicated it was ready to venture further into the unknown territory of ultra-cheap money to soothe nervous ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)-appointed panel today suggested significant liberalisation of forex regulation to allow ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it planned to allow banks to calculate at their own the capital requirement to handle ...
Federal Reserve officials may strengthen their commitment to record monetary stimulus as soon as today after a faltering economic ...
Andhra Bank has hiked interest rates on domestic term deposits effective August 8.
The rates on deposits of less than Rs 1 crore ...
The rush for mobile money has now caught the fancy of firms acting as business correspondents for banks.
These entities help ...
From August 16, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will hold reverse repo auctions between 4.30 and 5 pm on all working days, except ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao has convened a meeting tomorrow with a bankers’ committee in Maharashtra to ...
Weighed down by losses and bad loans, SBI Global Factors (SBIGF), a subsidiary of State Bank of India (SBI), is revamping its ...
Duvvuri Subbarao completed a full cycle only last week.
And now, he has to prepare for the next long haul.
Tuesdy’s announcement by the Prime Minister’s Office came as a surprise, since Subbarao’s current three-year ...
Citibank India today said it had made key appointments in its markets team primarily to further strengthen its fixed income, ...
Business correspondents, who partner banks in their financial inclusion programme in rural India, are on a hiring spree.
Most ...
Shriram City Union Finance (SCUF) is set to enter the home loan finance space, with an initial paid-up capital of Rs 100 crore. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to take a pause from raising rates in its next policy meet in September, as fears of a ...
Rupee closes near six-week low, bond yields fall.
IDBI Bank is planning to float an infrastructure debt fund soon for funding projects in the country.
Edelweiss Housing Finance Ltd (EHFL), the housing finance arm of Edelweiss Group, has launched its operations in Pune and by 2015 ...
The banks and financial institutions that had lined up overseas borrowing programmes are rethinking their options as uncertainty ...
Gold finance firm Muthoot Finance Ltd (MFL) is expecting to growth 50 to 60 per cent in assets under management (AUM) from last ...
European Central Bank (ECB) President Jean-Claude Trichet started buying Italian and Spanish assets on Monday in his riskiest ...
In the event of a renewed slowdown in the US and Europe, the impact in India is likely to be “deeper” and “more ...
Mortgage lender LIC Housing Finance today raised its lending rate by up to 50 basis points (bps) in line with peers.
Dena Bank has paid a dividend of Rs 42.54 crore to the government for the 2010-11 financial year.
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Subir Gokarn has said the Centre’s fiscal situation is far away from the ideal ...
The US dollar may weaken and treasury yields rise when Asian markets reopen on Monday, though any selling in response to ratings ...
Issues of ensuring financial stability and enlarged public debt would take centre stage in the fiscal and monetary policies of ...
Fund outflows owing to weak performance of equity markets may see the rupee depreciate in the near term, but other factors like ...
Having attracted multinational giants such as Volkswagen and McDonald’s, yuan-denominated bonds or dim sum bonds are now ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) brass met today to take stock of the global financial situation in the wake of the US credit ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) imposed a monetary penalty of Rs 1 lakh on Ahmedabad-based Gujarat Mercantile Co-operative Bank ...
Indian bankers and stock brokers searched for the elusive silver lining in the recessionary dark clouds that are gathering over ...
Young and driving a red car?
Get ready to fork out more on your car
insurance!
Aided by sophisticated research data, car
insurers ...
S&P cuts long-term rating to AA+ from AAA on concerns of the US govt’s budget deficit and rising debt burden.
Japan may have spent a record amount intervening to stem the yen’s gains on Aug. 4, based on projection of deposits held by ...
Issues of ensuring financial stability and enlarged public debt would take centre stage in the fiscal and monetary policies of ...
Banks, which hold Treasuries as a form of capital, won’t need to build larger cushions to protect against possible losses ...
Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank's (MSCB) balance sheet, which was approved by its auditors Batliboi & Purohit, shows its ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India (UBI) today hiked its base rate by 50 basis points or 0.50%, following the recent ...
Valuation gains on both euro and gold contribute to increase.
The race for the top job at the country's largest life insurer, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), has entered its last lap.
The ...
A one-day nationwide strike by the bank employees on Friday disrupted banking transactions in Gujarat stalling cheque clearances ...
HDFC entered the remote Himalayan district of Ladakh by opening its first bank branch in Leh town of Jammu and Kashmir on ...
In a rising interest rate scenario, Exim Bank (Export-Import Bank of India) expects products benchmarked to government security ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group (RBS), Britain’s biggest government-controlled bank, will cut about 2,000 jobs as writedowns ...
The company, which disbursed Rs 249 crore in the state in the last financial year, plans to ramp up the disbursements by 50 per ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) plans to disburse around Rs 1,000 crore in credit to microfinance institutions ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank would raise $240 million through the sale of US commercial papers (USCPs) over a week.
The debt ...
To standardise asset liability management practices followed by insurance companies, the Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
During the financial year ended June, it committed to 28 new investments worth about $800 million.
It also approved 18 new ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is sitting on a staggering Rs 15,000-crore gain on its 200-tonne gold purchase in October 2009, ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc said it settled $20 billion of intercompany claims with liquidators for Lehman Hong Kong and won the ...
Japan sold one trillion yen ($12.5 billion) and loosened its monetary reins on Thursday, joining Switzerland in efforts to tame ...
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Anand Sinha has said that mobile banking technology is the hottest area of development at ...
I plan to invest in a unit-linked insurance plan (Ulip).
K S Jangbahadur, a veteran investment banker of 14 years and co-head of private equity practice at ICICI Venture, has put in his ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday reconstituted the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) on Monetary Policy.
The new ...
Putting an end to the ongoing debate on whether high inflation could be accepted as a “new normal”, Reserve Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said banks issuing prepaid payment instruments to companies, for the use of the ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Mysore today hiked lending rates by 50 basis points (bps) with effect from tomorrow, following ...
Banks can make better money by extending their retail banking into smaller cities as these markets offer higher yields, according ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today reconstituted the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC), which advises the apex bank on its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said prepaid payment instruments such as smart cards, magnetic stripe cards, mobile wallets ...
There is some good news for bank customers.
It may soon be time to bid goodbye to bad memories of being penalised for ...
Standard Chartered Bank on Wednesday said its pre-tax profit from India operations in the first six months (January-June) of this ...
If you are tired of saving numbers of all the banks where you have accounts, good news is in store.
According to suggestions by a ...
The Damodaran panel report on bank customer service says a simple deposit account is a right of every Indian citizen, being also ...
The Damodaran committee on bank customer service has recommended that they do not discriminate between new and old home loan ...
Banks around the world are eagerly eyeing opportunities in the emerging markets, says a survey of banking executives by KPMG ...
MasterCard Inc, the world’s second-biggest payments network, climbed the most in five weeks in New York trading after ...
Transmission company Power Grid Corporation of India is expected to raise Rs 2,500 crore by issuing corporate bonds before the ...
Public sector Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today said it would be raising around Rs 3,500 crore in core tier-I capital over the ...
After over a dozen domestic banks increased their lending rates in the range of 25-100 basis points (bps) following the recent ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) on Tuesday said its profit before tax from India operations in the first six ...
The slide in premium collection by life insurance companies continued in June.
Led by a 29 per cent fall in premium collection by ...
Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance, a microfinance institution promoted by social entrepreneur Vijay Mahajan, is in talks with banks and ...
With Irda revoking assurance, pension plans may not offer as much as other long-term products.
Even as Indian banking industry is faced with sluggish growth in low cost deposits, public sector Punjab National Bank (PNB) has ...
The Reserve Bank of India is exploring the option of not appointing its serving officers on the boards of government-owned banks ...
RBI, in its quarterly monetary policy last week, hiked the key repo and reverse repo rates by 50 basis points respectively.
Banks ...
Financial Services provider India Infoline (IIFL) is planning to enter the educational loan segment by this financial year.
A day after announcing trimming its global workforce by 30,000, banking major HSBC today ruled out any significant job cuts in ...
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), the umbrella organisation of nine trade unions, has called for a nationwide strike on ...
Global banking major HSBC today reported a 33% jump in profit-before-tax from its India operations to $451 million (about Rs ...
Check for renewal ceasing age, co-pay norm and sub-limits before opting.
Public sector State Bank of India (SBI) on Monday launched its first specialised NRI (non-resident Indian) branch in Uttar ...
Investment bank Morgan Stanley has cut India’s growth estimates to 7.2 per cent for the current financial year (2011-12) ...
At a time when scheduled urban banks are facing constraints in meeting strict norms for capital adequacy and limitations in ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Monday said fiscal stimulus packages by the government and the central ...
At a time when Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) is cutting 30,000 jobs globally, its Indian operations may not ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) slammed a monetary penalty of Rs 5 lakh on Ahmedabad-based the Kalupur Commercial Co-operative ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has decided to do away with the 4.5 per cent guaranteed annual return ...
In a shift from its traditional practice of offering credit cards to its captive clients, HDFC Bank, India’s second-largest ...
With lower-than-expected credit growth in the initial quarters of the current financial year, banks have opted to deploy unused ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said some banks had breched guidelines by issuing demand drafts of Rs 50,000 and above on ...
Five banks, including Indian Bank, Andhra Bank and Bank of Maharashtra, have raised lending rates by up to 50 basis points (bps) ...
Bank Chairman and Managing Director M Narendra presented the dividend cheque for Rs 203.77 crore to Finance Minister Pranab ...
City Union Bank (CUB) has said it would require Rs 3,000 crore by 2014, to support its target of achieving a three-fold increase ...
The bank has set a target of Rs 25,000 crores business for the current FY 2011-12. Presently, the bank has 119 branches in five ...
Federal Bank has clocked a net profit of Rs 146.16 crore for the three months period ended June 30, 2011, registering a ...
Indian Bank is planning to list its bonds on the Singapore Stock Exchange next week.
The bank has got its board's approval to ...
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd has diluted 15 per cent stake to five private equity (PE) investors including ...
The Indian currency may lose out to the dollar this week, as the US government is expected to reach a consensus to avoid ...
Companies with ambition of setting up a bank will have to wait longer.
The much-hyped grant of new bank licences has been put on ...
The insurance regulator is set to drop the 4.5 per cent guaranteed return clause in the controversial pension product norms.
The ...
Josef Ackermann, a beacon of corporate Germany as chief executive officer of Deutsche Bank AG for the last nine years, may become ...
Despite the recent controversies surrounding land acquisition and real estate projects in Noida, Greater Noida and Noida ...
Global banking giant HSBC is likely to announce on Monday plans to axe at least 10,000 jobs in the coming year, says a report by ...
Ficci has reiterated its demand to set up an exclusive banking institution on the lines of National Housing Bank (NHB) and Power ...
With an aim to rein in insider trading by promoters without investors' knowledge, Sebi has decided to make it mandatory for all ...
Industry body Assocham has urged the government to take steps to curb excessive speculation in futures trading in farm ...
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) has informed the government that it intends to start a separate stock exchange for small and ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank has sought Rs 990 crore capital infusion from the government to fund its business growth.
Private sector lender, Karnataka Bank Ltd has announced a seven per cent growth in net profit at Rs 49.78 crore for the quarter ...
Manipal-based public sector lender Syndicate Bank on Saturday reported a 29 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 343 crore for ...
IDBI Bank on Saturday said its net profit for the quarter ended June rose 34 per cent to Rs 335 crore, owing to robust interest ...
Allahabad Bank has said it would raise its base rate and the benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points (bps) from ...
Several banks including Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), Punjab & Sind Bank and Corporation Bank have raised lending rate by up to ...
Faced with multiplying losses due to falling global demand for apparels, banks have started taking a tough stand against domestic ...
The initial public offer (IPO) of L&T Finance Holdings was subscribed more than five times by the deadline of 6 pm on Friday ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector bank, on Friday said its standalone net profit for the quarter ended June ...
Aegon Religare, which was the first insurer to introduce an exclusively online insurance plan in October 2009, is planning to ...
After declining for two consecutive weeks, the country's foreign exchange reserves jumped by $2.294 billion to $316.801 billion ...
Hit by high interest rates, growth of commercial credit offtake from banks to major sectors slowed down to 19.6% in June, as ...
Indian Bank would decide next week on its plan to raise $one billion (about Rs 4,500 crore) through the issue of overseas bonds ...
The country's second largest lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) raised both lending and deposit rates by up to 75 basis points in ...
Country's largest private lender ICICI Bank has acquired 29.3% stake in telecom network services firm GTL after taking over 28.5 ...
Public sector lender, Central Bank of India has hiked the base rate by 75
basis points (bps) to 10.75%.
Corporation Bank posted a 5.3 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 351 crore for the quarter ended June 30, compared to Rs 333.8 ...
Andhra Bank on Thursday reported a 20.6 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 386 crore for the quarter ended June 30.
The growth ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Thursday reported a modest 3.44 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 1,105 crore for the quarter ended ...
Vijaya Bank, the Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender, recorded a drop of of 58.4 per cent in net profit at Rs 72.22 ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country’s second-largest state-run lender, on Thursday said it would buy 30 per cent stake ...
HDFC is expected to raise rates by 25-50 basis points, since it kept its lending rates unchanged since May.
Aegon Religare, which was the first insurer to introduce an exclusively online insurance plan in October 2009, is planning to ...
Infrastructure lender IDFC has said that its first quarter disbursements have slowed down as compared to the same period last ...
Bank of Baroda’s (BoB) net profit grew 20.2 per cent to Rs 1,033 crore in the first quarter ended June, on steady growth in ...
Credit Suisse Group, the second-biggest Swiss bank, plans to cut about 2,000 jobs after second-quarter profit fell 52 per cent on ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) plans to raise around Rs 1,200 crore as Tier-I capital.
The bank has submitted the proposal to the ...
India’s chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu on Thursday said achieving the budgetary targets for 2011-12 were challenging ...
Country’s largest infrastructure lender IDFC has said that disbursements slowed down during the first quarter of the ...
Taking a cue from government’s interest in raising funds for infrastructure financing, the Securities and Exchange Board of ...
Hyderabad-based public sector lender Andhra Bank today said there could be some pressure on its Net Interest Margin (NIM) and ...
State-run lender Bank Of India today raised its base rate by 75 basis points (bps) in the wake of rate tightening done by the ...
The Bangalore-headquartered bank has also revised its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) upward by 50 basis points from 14.50% ...
With lending rates rising, fears of banks’ asset quality deteriorating are gaining ground.
In such conditions, banks should ...
SKS Microfinance posted a net loss of Rs 218.74 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, as write-offs and provisions jumped 15 ...
Former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Yaga Venugopal Reddy has termed the central bank’s repo rate rise decision an ...
Highway developers are bearing the brunt of an increase in cost of borrowing in recent months.
These developers are borrowing at ...
Consider prepaying or shifting but do the homework, as it makes sense or not, depending on where you’ve reached on the ...
Govt to take steps to support RBI’s war on inflation.
The Central Board of Trustees, the apex decision-making body of the Employees Provident Fund Organisation, today approved ...
Vijaya Bank, a leading public sector bank, has entered into a corporate agency agreement with insurance behemoth Life Insurance ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are rushing to raise funds through non-convertible debenture (NCD) issues, to cash on the ...
Reflecting the moderation in economic activity and the demand for loans, bank credit declined by Rs 71,771 crore to Rs 4,014,555 ...
High interest rates have taken their toll on India Inc’s plans to raise debt, with trading volume in the debt capital ...
Amid fears of high interest rates deteriorating the health of bank loans in the coming quarters, private banks appear to have ...
Muthoot Finance Ltd (MFL) has registered 125 per cent growth in net profit during the June quarter at Rs 190 crore as against Rs ...
Net profit of UCO Bank in the first quarter of FY12 increased 12.42% at Rs 292 crore as compared to Rs 260 crore in the same ...
Private sector lender ING Vysya Bank today increased its base rate or minimum lending rate by 50 basis points in response to ...
The increase in key short-term lending and borrowing rates by 50 basis points announced on Tuesday by the Reserve Bank of India ...
Deutsche Bank AG said Anshu Jain and Juergen Fitschen will become co-chief executive officers in 2012, ending more than two years ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) is set to take a 20 per cent stake in FinCo, a non-banking finance company sponsored by ...
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd, part of country’s largest engineering company Larsen & Toubro, is planning to re-evaluate ...
These are meant for students travelling abroad for further studies.
Universities abroad mandate that a student must be insured. ...
The turnaround of Ispat, which hinges on one to two per cent reduction in interest rates, could be a casualty of the Reserve Bank ...
My daughter is getting married in November.
I want to get her jewellery insured.
RBI Governor D Subbarao today said higher-than-expected rate hike of 50 basis points could have an adverse impact on the asset ...
In the backdrop of positive response received for its online unit-linked products, iTerm and iMaximise, Aegon Religare Life ...
During the last few years, banks have been looking for greater benchmark scores to extend loans to consumers, a Cibil official ...
Reserve Bank's decision to raise key rates for the third time in the current fiscal would make home, auto and corporate loans ...
Private sector Yes Bank became the first lender to raise its base rate by 50 basis points today, within an hour of the Reserve ...
Retaining its growth forecast for the current fiscal at 8%, the Reserve Bank today said that there was no evidence of ...
Continuing its anti-inflationary stance, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised the repo rate by 50 basis points (bps).
Shriram City Union Finance, a deposit-accepting non-banking finance company registered with the Reserve Bank of India, has filed ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India (UBI) today said that it was open to a follow-on-public offer (FPO) to meet the ...
Rating agency Crisil today said the Indian banking system can increase its funding capacity to the infrastructure sector by Rs 1 ...
Faced with persistent inflation, global uncertainty and higher input costs, Indian companies expect a slowdown in overall ...
No de-rating for India in FY12, as markets have factored in weakness in Q1, Q2 earnings.
The Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB) has attached the properties of 26 cooperative sugar and spinning mills and agro ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said further moderation in consumption and investment demand was likely, since high ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) seems to be in no hurry to oblige banks and other stakeholders on a pause in the rate increase ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said volatility in local financial markets may return if the macro-economic situation ...
The improvement in deficit indicators seen in 2010-11 augurs well for growth rebalancing.
Higher lending rates and tight liquidity conditions would continue to hit the demand for loans, resulting in a further slowing of ...
Indian companies’ dependence on non-bank funding sources is rising.
This, even as banks continue to remain the dominant ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed banks to clearly mention the reason for dihonouring or returning a cheque unpaid.
Rating agency Crisil today said banking system could increase their funding capacity to the infrastructure sector by Rs 1,00,000 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to hike its policy rates by 25 basis points in its first quarterly monetary policy ...
India Factoring & Finance Solutions Pvt Ltd (India Factoring) has announced the launch of its factoring business in Andhra ...
Though credit offtake was sluggish in the first quarter, the overall credit growth for the full year for public sector Canara ...
DBS Bank, Southeast Asia’s biggest lender, believes Singapore could emerge as a “conduit” for China’s ...
Markets have already priced in a rate rise of at least 25 bps.
Republicans challenged a presidential veto threat by preparing for a short-term extension of the US debt limit, hardening ...
The supervisory board ofDeutsche Bank is set to confirm Anshu Jain as theco-CEO of the company together with his management board ...
Axis Bank has requested the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for certain dispensations regarding its deal with Enam Securities.
For home buyers in Noida Extension things have just gone worse.
While banks have decided not to disburse loans to residential ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Hyderabad reported a net profit of Rs 283.94 crore for the quarter ended June 30, a 41.1 per ...
India's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, has raised deposit rates by 25-75 basis points in select term deposits.
The ...
Canara Bank today opened 10 branches in rural areas of Andhra Pradesh, along with 10 ATMs and 15 SME cells and counseling
Profit after tax rises 27% on lower provisioning requirement.
Union Bank of India’s net profit fell 22.8 per cent for the first quarter ended June to Rs 464 crore, from Rs 501 crore in ...
Public sector lender, Allahabad Bank, on Friday reported a 20.45 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 418.13 crore in the first ...
Axis Bank on Friday said its net profit for the quarter ended June 30 rose 27 per cent to Rs 942.3 crore from Rs 741.9 crore a ...
Greece’s private sector creditors have agreed to take a 21 per cent loss on their bond holdings as part of a ...
High interest rates, subdued business environment hurting growth, say bankers.
State Bank of Hyderabad today signed an MoU with dairy products company Heritage Foods, under which it would offer loans for ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said that domination of one company in the pension market could ...
YES Bank on Thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended June 30 rose 38 per cent to Rs 216.1 crore from Rs 156.4 crore a ...
Public sector banks have requested the government to extend the deadline for moving towards the system of technology-based ...
Backed by robust growth in net interest income, Kotak Mahindra Bank posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 416 crore for the ...
State-run lenders are emerging as preferred bankers for top-tier technology firms by offering attractive returns, compared to ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) is willing to let Greece slip into temporary default as part of a crisis response that would ...
Institutions and firms allocating larger quantum of funds in debt segment.
China’s banking regulator said it will step up oversight of local government financing vehicle loans and property-related ...
In an effort to aid hedging of currency risks for non-resident exporters and importers, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on ...
At a time when many foreign banks are reducing their headcount in India, Citi is on a hiring spree.
The US-based lender nearly ...
Venture-capital (VC) funding in biotechnology companies jumped 46 per cent in the second quarter, as investors looked to ...
Global regulators’ decision to stop banks using contingent convertible (CoCo) bonds to meet planned capital rules may cut ...
With an improved yield on loans, LIC Housing Finance on Wednesday posted a 21 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 256 crore for ...
After coming down heavily on bankers in the state level bankers committee meeting here Reserve Bank of India today said ...
At the end of 2010-11 financial year, BOB’s total MSME credit outstanding stood at Rs 3,528 crore, which was a growth of ...
McKinsey survey sees mobile phones becoming the channel of choice for consumers.
Brian T Moynihan, who vowed that Bank of America Corp.
(BAC)’s strength would never be questioned again when he took the ...
Pune-based Bank of Maharashtra has prepared a road map to achieve its agricultural lending target over the next three years, ...
SMILE Microfinance Ltd, a Tamil Nadu-based micro finance institution (MFI), plans to raise up to Rs 250 crore through term loans ...
European officials are considering steps previously rejected by Germany, including the use of precautionary credit lines, to ...
Daimler, manufacturer of the brand Mercedes Benz, on Wednesday launched Daimler Financial Services for the Indian market, in a ...
The slowing credit growth may intensify amid fears that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would raise interest rates further during ...
Banks and housing finance companies (HFCs) are trying to figure out their exposure to real estate projects in Noida Extension, ...
The Gujarat Zone of Bank of Baroda (BoB) is eyeing to cross a total business of Rs 92,000 crore for the financial year 2011-12 by ...
There is no limit to the number of policies, but most insurers follow underwriting guidelines that restrict the total sum ...
The muddle over real estate projects in Greater Nodia has left many banks worried over the fate of loans, running into hundreds ...
As many as 7% of account holders in the country are using the Internet for banking transactions, while branch banking has fallen ...
Higher interest income, lower provisioning on the back of improved asset quality aided growth.
This year, the country’s largest institutional investor, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), will invest more in stock ...
General insurers will have to wait a little longer than their life insurance counterparts to come out with initial public offers ...
Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Scotland Group (RBS), Societe Generale and UniCredit may face pressure from investors to boost ...
Barring the Apollo group, cashless health cover services have been restored in all other corporate hospitals, after their ...
With the yields on long tenure papers showing signs of moderation, financial institutions have queued up with their debt ...
Goldman Sachs Group, the fifth- biggest US bank by assets, reported second-quarter profit that fell short of analysts’ ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) has received its shareholders' approval to raise around Rs 1,000 crore through qualified institutional ...
The Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank plans to raise up to Rs 375 crore through certificates of deposit (CDs). Rating agency Icra, an ...
Private sector lender ING Vysya Bank posted a 36 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 94 crore in the first quarter of the ...
Barclays Bank has decided to combine its client relationship teams at Barclays Corporate and Barclays Capital in India.
The move ...
Working on details, may use asset management route; could transfer part of Rs 20,000-crore existing portfolio of infrastructure ...
A new group life insurance cum terminal benefit scheme for rubber tappers working in the small-holding sector ...
Currently, all overseas Mediclaim policies have an in-built health cover, besides travel inconvenience benefits like baggage ...
The final economic growth figures for the last financial year are yet to be released.
At the customary pre-policy meeting with RBI on Monday, bankers gave their perspective on deposit growth, credit growth and asset ...
Polaris Software Ltd today forayed into Bangladesh market by launching a joint venture company along with Bangladesh-based public ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is not in favour of changing the norms that bar insurance firms from ...
In a departure from roaring growth and profit numbers posted last year, two leading British lenders in the country, HSBC and ...
Amid a steep slowdown in credit offtake and an unexpected spike in deposits, bankers today urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Liquidity conditions are expected to tighten, due to government borrowing and increased demand for funds from banks as the new ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned an Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) ...
The Swiss central bank has estimated the total liabilities of Swiss banks toward Indian account holders at about $2.5 billion in ...
RBI asks bank to revise accounting scheme, deal structure.
The prospect of a US ratings downgrade due to a debt default could see extra funds flow to Southeast Asia for a short time, but ...
As many as 24 European banks will be under pressure to show they can raise capital after failing, or barely passing, a second ...
Standard & Poor’s raised the pressure on debt negotiators in Washington, saying it could downgrade insurers, securities ...
India's foreign exchange reserves fell by $1 billion to $314 billion for the week ended July 8 account of revaluation in foreign ...
LIC Housing Finance Ltd plans to launch a Rs 500-crore venture capital (VC) fund for urban infrastructure development by ...
Citigroup Inc, the third-biggest US bank, said profit rose 24 per cent, beating analysts’ estimates on higher ...
To encourage educated youth to become ‘job creators’ rather than ‘job seekers’, the State Bank of India ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has sanctioned Rs 116.22 crore to the Government of Gujarat under ...
The terror attack in Mumbai this week is unlikely to have an immediate impact on terror insurance premiums.
General Insurance ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India today hiked its lending rate by 25 basis points (bps), a move set to make auto, home ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed all the foreign entities, including non-government organisations (NGOs) and news ...
There is finally some good news for corporate borrowers.
After rising for more than a year, short-term interest rates have ...
The rupee strengthened for a second day after US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said the US central bank was prepared to ...
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) today selected four new fund managers—State Bank of India (SBI), ...
Unhappy with the tardy pace of extending loans to farmers, the Union government has asked public sector banks to prepare plans to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri today said some benign inflation was needed for sustained growth and a high ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), on Thursday said it would examine options like private ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, the second-largest US bank, said net income rose 13 per cent, higher than analysts estimated, as more ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) today said it reported a net profit of Rs 8.8 crore for the quarter ended June 30 compared with a ...
With fixed deposit schemes offering 9.25-9.5 per cent for even one to two years, banks are seeing a slowing of current ...
Loan disbursements up by 37%.
The state-run Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) today revised upwards its base and lending rates by 25 basis points (bps) each to 10.25% ...
Sundaram Finance Ltd (SFL), a Chennai-based NBFC, is planning to raise debt to the tune of Rs 1,500-2,000 crore to support its ...
Country's largest commercial bank State Bank of India (SBI) has said it was against deregulation of savings bank interest rates.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Wednesday the central bank was ready to ease monetary policy further if the economy ...
The Cabinet is likely to take up the issue of merging State Bank of India Commercial and International Bank Ltd (SBICI) with ...
The Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today said that it would require around Rs 1,100-1,200 crore of capital to achieve it’s 25 ...
Sundaram Finance Ltd (SFL), a Chennai-based NBFC, is planning to raise debt in the range of Rs 1,500-2,000 crore to support ...
After coming down heavily on banks for not making adequate provision for increased pension liabilities arising out of wage ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup, which report earnings this week, are under pressure to show that banks can increase ...
Top officials of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would meet the chiefs of both public as well as private sector banks on Monday ...
Payments and banking transactions through mobile phones in India are expected to touch $350 billion (Rs 15,75,000 crore) by 2015, ...
YES Bank in association with Indian Council for Agricultural Research and Punjab Agriculture University is working on pilot ...
Bank advances continued to grow, albeit at a lower rate of 3.75 per cent in the April-June quarter, compared with five per cent ...
UCO Bank has decided to waive all the charges to attract more customers to the bank and boost its low-cost deposit.
Low-cost ...
Bajaj Finserv, the holding company for financial services businesses of the Bajaj group, on Wednesday said its consolidated net ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 716.34 crore to Andhra Pradesh, out of the Rs ...
UTI Asset Management Company, or UTI AMC, is planning to seek fresh approval from the Securities and Exchange Board of India ...
European Central Bank (ECB) President Jean-Claude Trichet might need to rely on Greece for assistance if the nation defaults.
Indian Bank plans to add 400 new branches
this fiscal, adding to the existing network of 2,184 branches.
It also has six overseas ...
The government is likely to consider merger of State Bank of India Commercial and International Bank (SBICI) with the country's ...
Costlier diesel and LPG will weigh on inflation, which may further go up to 9.2- 9.7% in June, exerting pressure on the RBI to go ...
Public sector Indian bank has revised the Benchmark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) by 0.25% with immediate effect.
Fears of a slowdown in the global economy are weighing heavy on foreign investment sentiments of Indian companies in the current ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank in India, is back as the preferred banker for Infosys Technologies, with the ...
High inflation and the sharp rise in interest rates by banks after the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary tightening has ...
THE rupee weakened the most in almost two months as concern of Europe’s debt crisis worsening reduced the demand for ...
The government securities market provided annualised returns of 8.18 per cent in the last 10 years, according to a new gilt index ...
Banks have finally started correcting their liabilities, profile and are now offering higher rates for long-term deposits.
A favourite of many global chief executives and celebrities, the American Express card, or Amex card, now has a competitor in ...
Transfer formalities at the regional transport office on purchase/sale of vehicles can take time.
While the process is pending, ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) will be increasing its base rate (minimum lending rate) by 50 bps (basis points) from 9.5 per cent ...
Indian Bank has signed an agreement with SBI Mutual Fund to act as corporate agents to sell the latter's mutual fund products at ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Kotak Mahindra Bank today announced hiking of lending rates by 25 basis points.
The combined flow of foreign direct and portfolio investments into the country for April-May rose to $ 9.74 billion, from $ 7.8 ...
The use of credit cards to make transactions has been increasing since February, even as the number of outstanding cards has been ...
Deficient monsoon rains till early this month may hit inflation more than it hits economic growth in the current financial year, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said the country would adopt a calibrated approach towards full capital account ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) action in raising rates appears more effective now than in the past, as commercial banks ...
HDFC Bank, India’s second-largest private sector lender, on Monday raised its base rate by 25 basis points (bps) to 9.5 per ...
Government borrowing through short-term debt rose in the first quarter of the current financial year, compared to the same ...
Deutsche Bank AG is likely to risk the pitfalls of dual chiefs to keep investment-banking head Anshu Jain while allaying doubts ...
Accel Partners, the globally-renowned venture capital and private equity fund, is set to embark on a fresh round of fund-raising ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned 117,141 projects for Orissa under the Rural ...
The regulator questioned the benefits of SBI buying a 30% stake in the finance company.
The second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank today followed its bigger peers to increase the base rate by 25 basis points ...
The Punjab National Bank (PNB) has registered an impressive annual growth of 35 per cent in the last fiscal year, said the bank's ...
The rupee may continue its winning rally against the dollar, as fund inflows are expected to be strong this week as well. ...
Private sector banks in India say they’re unlikely to witness any flight of deposits, even as fears of slow economic growth ...
To consider revising interest rates after RBI's review.
The state-owned Orissa State Cooperative Bank Limited has disbursed around Rs 1068 crore crop loan to 5.52 lakh farmers in the ...
Three public sector lenders, including Andhra Bank, raised their base rates or the minimum lending rates by up to 50 basis points ...
Private sector
lender, YES Bank, is planning a threefold increase in lending to the microfinance sector.
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank posted a net profit of 52 per cent in the quarter ended June, owing to strong growth in core ...
Just about a fortnight before the first quarterly review of the monetary policy statement by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) on Friday said its net profit for the quarter ended June rose 22 per cent to Rs ...
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s biggest bank, may name investment-banking head Anshu Jain co-chief executive officer (CEO) ...
Vijaya Bank hopes to reach its target in housing loan portfolio during the current financial year.
This is despite the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a monetary penalty of Rs 5 lakh on Kolhapur District Central Co-operative Bank Ltd, ...
Can the draft MFI legislation, if enacted by the Parliament, help mircrofinance institutions (MFIs) recover the Rs 7,200-crore ...
The government today released new series coins of Rs 1, 2, 5 and 10, bearing the rupee symbol, which will be in circulation soon. ...
Insurance regulator Irda today imposed a fine of Rs 70 lakh on SBI Life Insurance for paying excess commission to the agents in ...
The Reserve Bank today imposed a penalty Rs 5 lakh on Kolhapur District Central Co-operative Bank for violation of guidelines ...
Expressing concern over rising bad loans with public sector lenders, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today asked them to devise ...
Adopting a cautious approach in the wake of Supreme Court asking the U P government to return land to original owners, country's ...
Private sector IndusInd Bank today posted a 52% jump in net profits for the first quarter ended June 30 at Rs 180.18 crore, ...
Though the finance ministry proposes to make the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) the sole regulator for the country’s troubled ...
With clarity emerging on the manner microfinance institutions (MFIs) are to be regulated, the shares of SKS Microfinance jumped ...
The education loan growth rate in public sector banks (PSBs) is witnessing a continuous declining trend.
The provisions of the draft Microfinance Institutions (Development and Regulation) Bill, released by the Centre, seeking public ...
The debt restructuring package for microfinance institutions (MFIs) has alarmed investors of Share Microfin, a Hyderabad-based ...
European Central Bank President (ECB) Jean-Claude Trichet is fighting a war on two fronts as he seeks to contain price pressures ...
Goldman Sachs & Co, a unit of the most profitable bank in Wall Street history, took $15 billion from the US Federal Reserve ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings’ brokerage borrowed as much as $18 billion in four separate loans from a previously secret ...
Amid signs of a slowdown, banks are likely to post a moderate growth in interest income due to modest credit off-take and ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) on Thursday said it would soon seek government approval for its Rs 20,000-crore rights issue.
The ...
State Bank of India (SBI) —the country’s largest lender—on Thursday joined other banks in raising rates, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to go slow on lending to the commercial real estate sector.
The regulator fears ...
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) plans to make a minority equity investment of up to $2 million in Chennai-based ...
For an industry which is likely to see half of its portfolio turning non-performing, the new Bill on micro finance institutions ...
State-run lender Punjab & Sind Bank today hiked its minimum lending rate or base rate by 25
basis points (bps) to 10.25%.
State Bank of India (SBI) will seek the government's nod to raise Rs 20,000 crore through the rights issue within this month, the ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee will review the annual performance of public sector lenders and financial institutions in a ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today increased lending rates by 25 basis points (bps) and deposit rates by up ...
South-based Dhanlaxmi Bank today hiked its minimum rate of lending or the base rate by 25 basis points to 10.25%, in line with ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India is likely to raise its minimum lending rate or base rate by 50-75 basis points later ...
Despite concerns about a slowdown in demand for credit in a high interest rate scenario, the chairman of the Indian Banks ...
Bank of India (BoI) is targeting to sanction Rs 700 crore advances during the current financial year in the Visakhapatnam zone, ...
Greek banks are willing to roll over their government bonds as part of a European Union (EU) aid plan, Finance Minister Evangelos ...
The prospect that Portugal’s eight-week-old rescue may fail to fix its finances sent bonds of debt- strapped euro ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank opened 14 branches in Tamil Nadu on Tuesday as part of its financial inclusion ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Vijaya Bank has launched e-deposit facility to facilitate term deposits by customers ...
Manappuram Finance Limited (MFL) has introduced a help line that allows customers, vendors, employees and investors to blow the ...
State Bank of India is hopeful the government would approve its proposed rights issue of equity shares, aimed to raise Rs 20,000 ...
DBS Bank, Singapore's largest lender, will look to enlarge operations in India, already its third biggest market globally, even ...
Rising interest rates prevented many Public sector undertakings (PSUs) from raising debt in the last financial year.
Reduced ...
Speaking to Business Standard, Magma Fincorp Ltd, Zonal sales manager, Sanjiv Jha said, "We expect that in the current ...
The policy, as the name suggests, provides term insurance to senior citizens.The minimum and the maximum entry age are 50 and 85, ...
Purnendu Chatterjee-led The Chatterjee Group (TCG) is planning to foray into the banking sector and may approach the Reserve Bank ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank is set to take a call on raising its lending rates next week.
“We will review our base rate ...
Standard Chartered Bank on Wednesday dismissed reports that claimed it was being forced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
The government has proposed to bring all micro finance institutions (MFIs) under the ambit of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). ...
When Ashish Patkar wanted to buy an accidental death-benefit policy, he had the option to do so from a life insurer or a general ...
Till now, there is no specified limit; RBI has issued draft norms for feedback.
Indian companies raised $2.65 billion through external commercial borrowings (ECBs) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...
Banks with investments in excess of 10 per cent of their net worth in liquid and short-term debt schemes will get six months to ...
While bank advances were growing above 20 per cent yearly, lending to small and micro enterprises (SMEs) should also grow at a ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank opened 14 branches in Tamil Nadu on Tuesday as part of its financial inclusion ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Vijaya Bank has launched e-deposit facility to facilitate term deposits by customers ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) would increase the asset size of its overseas operations by raising medium-term notes (MTN) in ...
The government has signed an agreement with the International Development Association (IDA), a concessionary lending arm of the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Duvvuri Subbarao on Tuesday said policymaking by the central bank had been hit by the ...
Jobless growth has found a new home — India’s life insurance companies.
In the last financial year, private life ...
The raising interest rates leads to to increase in cost of capital is a matter of concern for the industry.
Any further price ...
Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao today said consumer price index (CPI) works better than wholesale price index (WPI) in capturing ...
United Stock Exchange (USE), engaged in currency futures and currency options trading, today said it has appointed State Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank today extended the 10% ceiling of bank investment in liquid schemes of mutual funds to include short-term debt ...
Rating agency Standard and Poor’s (S&P) on Monday said India’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), may see ...
To facilitate the redemption of existing foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs), the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday ...
Six months after a Rs 400-crore fraud was detected in its Gurgaon branch, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday rapped ...
Standard Chartered Bank's aim of expanding its consumer banking business in South Asia was strengthened when it convinced Sanjeeb ...
The Piper PA-31 Navajo took off into the sultry Miami morning and streaked southward toward the Caribbean.
High over Haiti, the ...
Recently, we bought a car on loan.
The dealer gave us complimentary third-party motor insurance for the first year.
However, we ...
At a time when the microfinance sector is reeling under a liquidity crisis, top microfinance institutions (MFIs) such as SKS and ...
Good economic growth, favourable demographics and under-penetration is benefiting the banking sector with another good year ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc appointed two senior bankers to run Japanese equity and bond underwriting and set up a public-sector ...
The government has appointed Harun Rashid Khan a deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Khan, who gets a three-year ...
Mid and small-sized private banks are knocking on the doors of institutional investors and private equity funds to raise money ...
In a major exercise to boost its profitability, the Department of Posts (DoP) plans to introduce core banking solution besides ...
G Padmanabhan today assumed charge as Executive Director of the Reserve Bank.
Amid difficulties faced by Indian companies to repay loans taken under Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (FCCBs), the RBI today ...
While the FDI inflows from all the sources declined by 25% in 2010-11, the drop was steeper at about 33% to $6.98 billion from ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank, one of India's fastest growing mid-size private sector banks, today said it has entered the gold retailing ...
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank has crossed the Rs 1,000-mark in deposits, according to its chairman.
The eurozone approved its share of a euro 12 billion ($17.4 billion) aid payment for Greece and pledged to complete work in the ...
Life insurance companies and agents are looking at life beyond strict regulatory guidelines.
Lending a helping hand are ...
Liquidity conditions are expected to stay tight, as the government may borrow up to Rs 30,000 crore this week.
Major public sector banks, including State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank and Bank of Baroda, are likely to soon raise ...
The Consumer Affairs Ministry will consult commodity market regulator FMC before taking a decision on NSE's repeated request for ...
Managing Director Rajiv Lall says the company would stick to its approach of financing the top 20 companies.
Amid signs of an economic slowdown, high interest rate may impact credit growth and net interest margin of banks in a ...
Standard Chartered Bank is likely to appoint its India chief Neeraj Swaroop as the regional chief executive officer for ...
Unlike most Indian movies that have a happily-lived-ever-after theme, there is no love lost between the Indian film industry and ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit, who took a $1 salary after his bank received the most taxpayer assistance of ...
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh has said he hopes the RBI would maintain status quo on rates during its monetary policy review ...
India’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, on Friday said it had raised its base rate, or the minimum lending rate, ...
Abhyudaya Co-operative Bank Ltd (ACBL), one of the major co-operative banks in the country, on Friday opened its four new ...
The country largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, today announced a hike of 25 basis points (bps) in its lending rate to ...
Medium-sized state-run lender Dena Bank today became the second bank to raise its base rate by 25 basis points to 10.2%.
In order to check banking frauds, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked public sector lenders to promptly report cases of ...
Housing finance regulator National Housing Bank (NHB) will raise Rs 11,000 crore during the year to fund housing activities as ...
Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi has suffered huge losses on various funds despite paying hefty fees, but his investment in ICICI ...
Public sector bank employees have postponed their nationwide strike to August 5.
Bank employees had earlier said they would go on ...
Private lender IndusInd Bank aims to grow its credit card portfolio four-fold to Rs 800-900 crore in the next three years.
The ...
Cheaper rates, new investor profiles, tax efficiencies and international operations see India Inc making a beeline for overseas ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said equity and preference shares could be issued to overseas parties, in cases dealt ...
The robust growth in exports and improved net invisible surplus has resulted in India's current account deficit (CAD) declining ...
Lesser participation from mutual funds, slow credit offtake and growth in retail deposits have deterred banks from taking up ...
Window for premature buyback extended till March, with liberalised terms; RBI review notes lacklustre equity markets.
Bank loans to commercial real estate surged during the year ended May 20, registering a growth of 20 per cent, compared to a one ...
I have paid two annual premiums of Rs 40,000 each for a unit-linked insurance plan (Ulip) which is currently in loss.
I also ...
Standard & Poor’s would cut the US credit rating to its lowest level and Moody’s Investors Service said it will ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today extended the time limit for buyback of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (FCCBs) issued by ...
Growth of credit offtake from banks to major sectors accelerated to 21.9% in May, as against 18.1% in the same month last year, ...
Public sector Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has raised its base rate from 10% to 10.25% with effect from tomorrow.
There is some good news and some bad news for people using ATMs for their banking transactions from tomorrow.
The proposed July 7 nationwide bank strike has been deferred to August 5 in view of the late beginning of the monsoon session of ...
The turnover of the commodity futures market has risen by 58.12% to Rs 31,99,842 crore as of June 15 of the current fiscal, ...
National Stock Exchange (NSE) has again approached the Consumer Affairs Ministry to seek extension of three months to dilute its ...
The Singapore Exchange (SGX) today said it will scrap the 90-minute lunch break for trading from August 1 to help investors ...
In addition to job cuts, the banking entity would simplify its business in order to cut annual costs.
Providing ammunition to President Barack Obama in his battle with congressional Republicans, the International Monetary Fund ...
The Nashik district administration, as per RBI guidelines, has prepared Rs 5,220.99 crores district-level annual credit plan for ...
With bank employees set to go on a strike on July 7, state-owned lenders today said they were taking steps to ensure their ...
Canara Bank became the first bank to raise its benchmark lending rate and its base rate after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised ...
Credit Suisse Group, the second-biggest Swiss bank, plans to cut more than 40 managing directors and directors at its investment ...
The World Bank will submit a roadmap to the West Bengal government regarding development of technical education in the state, ...
Indian Bank today said it would file a draft red herring prospectus (DRHP) for its proposed follow-on public offer (FPO) in the ...
Contingent Convertible (CoCo) bonds will remain an option for boosting capital at the world’s biggest banks even after the ...
Despite the wide gap between demand for and supply of power, pace of funding for power projects is likely to remain slow. ...
The rupee gained the most since June 1 on optimism global funds are stepping up purchases of the nation’s assets to benefit ...
State Bank of India is considring a qualified institutional placement (QIP) of shares in FY12, as its proposed rights issue of ...
Get ready to pay a charge for checking your balance in an automated teller machine (ATM) not owned by your bank.
European Central Bank (ECB) President Jean-Claude Trichet urged policy makers to revitalise the vision of an integrated Europe.
Higher deposit growth, owing to attractive interest rates and a slower pace of loan disbursements, led to narrowing of the gap ...
Banks borrowed heavily from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday to shore up their balance sheets to meet their quarterly ...
Despite being unable to come together to back a single candidate for the top job at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), ...
Christine Lagarde may seek to distance herself from the Europeans who helped her win the International Monetary Fund’s top ...
Bank of America Corp, the biggest US bank, agreed to pay $8.5 billion to resolve claims over soured mortgages after bondholders ...
Canara Bank has revised its base rate upwards by 25 basis points (bps) -- from 10% to 10.25% with effect from July one.
Private sector life insurer MetLife India today reported a net profit of Rs 35.35 crore, first time since its incorporation, on ...
Foreign fund flows into India have reduced significantly as the country witnessed inflows of just $40 million in the last three ...
KC Chakrabarty, Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India believes that banking for the poor is always more viable than doing the ...
With bank employees set to strike work on July 7 in protest against the government's decision to dilute its equity in banks, PSU ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor KC Chakrabarty has called for changes in the rating and reporting standards of banks, saying a bank ...
Banks are not likely to waive their demand for a personal guarantee from the promoter of Future Financial Services for ...
Giving credence to fears of slowdown, most banks expect disbursement of term loans to small and medium enterprises (SME) to slow ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to compensate business correspondents adequately to make financial inclusion a ...
Perturbed over low Credit Deposit Ratio (CDR) in Uttar Pradesh, especially in the Bundelkhand region, the state government may ...
Uttar Pradesh has achieved a milestone with utter completion of financial inclusion Phase I, which stipulated that every ...
Pune-headquartered Bank of Maharashtra has launched the co-branded credit card in association State Bank of India for its ...
Yields on government securities are expected to cool in the second half of the current financial year, provided markets secure ...
Rising prices of food items, besides petroleum products and commodities, have burnt a hole in the pocket of the Indian consumer ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor KC Chakrabarty today called up on banks to begin a journey onto the path of ...
Private sector IndusInd Bank today said it plans to open about 400 branches over a period of three years to expand its presence ...
China’s first audit of local government debt found liabilities of 10.7 trillion yuan ($1.7 trillion) at the end of last ...
Jeevan Arogya is the first defined health insurance product to be introduced by India’s largest life insurance company, LIC ...
Edelweiss Capital, the Mumbai-based financial group, may look to infuse Rs 40 crore -Rs 60 crore of equity capital into its ...
After cheap toys, consumer goods and other manufactured products, cheaper loans could be the next major Chinese import into ...
Greek creditors may be headed toward a rollover agreement involving 70 percent of their bonds to prevent a default and meet ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said it would announce the first quarter review of monetary policy 2011-12 on July 26, ...
Consumers are opting not to cut on household purchases despite the prospect of inflation staring in their face.
At the peak of the global housing crisis in 2008, a group of executives at State Bank of India (SBI) were busy devising a new ...
With investors being unsure of the MFI sector for time being, Ahmedabad-based Self Employed Women's Association (SEWA) promoted ...
Stricter regulatory oversight and more demanding customers are forcing wealth management firms to change their client service ...
Your plan to switch your existing health insurance policy from a non-life insurer to a life insurance company may not be ...
With the guidelines on infrastructure debt funds now in place, market participants expect these funds to be launched this ...
The finance ministry has decided to allow foreign direct investment (FDI) in proprietary trading, despite the Reserve Bank of ...
Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC) is expecting good response to its non convertible debentures (NCD) issue from tier II ...
India's largest private lender ICICI Bank today said it would add new 1,500 branches in the next three years, taking the total to ...
This will be done in a meeting with the chief executives of major banks, the central bank said in a statement.
After taking a significant hit on net profits in 2010-11, public sector banks (PSBs) may now have to set aside funds for employee ...
The yield on the 10-year benchmark government bond 7.80 per cent is expected to harden on concerns that the fuel price rise will ...
The new non-banking finance company (NBFC), proposed by the Andhra Pradesh government to extend credit facility to the Indira ...
Overall, the bank targets to grow 18-20 per cent, spanning direct MSME lending, re-financing through banks/intermediaries and ...
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) will launch interest rate futures on the 91-day treasury bills from July 4, which will help ...
With the addition, the branch network to go up to 4,000 by 2015, a senior official of ICICI Bank said.
Without adequate cover, you may have to dip into savings or borrow, in case of emergencies.
European countries like Spain, Greece and Italy are among the latest property buying destinations for Indians in the holiday home ...
Portability allows a policyholder to transfer the policy offered by one insurer to the other, while retaining the terms and ...
Dwindling demand for loans, shrinking margins and higher provisioning requirements are likely to drag the earnings of banks in ...
The first-year premium collection by life insurance companies fell 12.3 per cent in April-May compared to the corresponding ...
IDBI Capital has won the mandate to manage the initial public offer (IPO) of National Building Construction Corp Ltd (NBCC). Most ...
The growing young population in India would lead the country to become the hub for global manufacturing, which is currently ...
Pune based, Suryoday Micro Finance Private Limited, a new generation non-banking finance company engaged in providing loans to ...
The Central Board of Trustees of the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) on Friday decided to appoint an ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has postponed implementation of portability of health insurance ...
During 2010-11, Sidbi's outstanding credit to the MSME sector increased by 22% to Rs 46,331 crore.
Its asset portfolio crossed Rs ...
Pronouncing NSE guilty of abusing dominant market position, the Competition Commission has asked the bourse to pay a penalty of ...
Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has taken the measure to separate custodial services from the fund managers to ...
Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) should be allowed to raise funds through external commercial borrowings and foreign ...
In order to raise long-term resources for funding the infrastructure sector, the government today said Infrastructure Debt Fund ...
"The EPFO's apex decision-making body, the Central Board of Trustees (CBT), decided to extend the time line for appointment ...
Access to microfinance by itself cannot be taken as financial inclusion, as the latter idea requires having an individual bank ...
India Inc raised around $2.06 billion abroad in April through external commercial borrowings (ECBs) and foreign currency ...
Batting for controls on capital flows, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said capital inflows much above a country's ...
Alarmed by inflated valuations of real estate properties for the purpose of loans, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cancelled the licence of Pune-based Siddharth Sahakari Bank Ltd as it had ceased to be ...
The insurance sector in India is still far from Solvency II norms, as the country does not have the requisite statistical ...
The country's second-largest foreign lender HSBC India has posted a whopping 89% rise in net profit at Rs 1,528 crore for the ...
The Central Information Commission (CIC) has directed the Reserve Bank of India to disclose an advisory note it issued to ICICI ...
Ratings agency ICRA today said the asset quality of banks could deteriorate further to 2.7% of total advances in the current ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said that the Met department forecast for a sub-normal monsoon is not a serious concern.
The US federal agency overseeing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the taxpayer-owned mortgage finance giants, failed to refer to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked the domestic mutual fund industry to come up with appropriate schemes to attract the ...
Bank of India on Wednesday inaugurated its first ‘retail business centre’ in Lucknow to help customers avail of ...
Following a sharp rise in foreign business expansion, including mergers and acquisitions, guarantees for overseas joint ventures ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, may have pared its credit growth target to 16-19 per cent from 19-22 per ...
The base rate system, the cost-plus loan pricing regime introduced last year, has improved monetary policy transmission.
However, ...
India’s second largest bank PNB today said it would soon take a call on revising interest rates in response to RBI's tight ...
Market players expect a pause in interest rate rises in the next three months following the Reserve Bank of India’s move to ...
Janalakshmi Financial Services, the Bangalore-based micro finance institution (MFI) promoted by social entrepreneur Ramesh ...
The interest rates on short-term debt instruments continued to fall, even as liquidity conditions worsened due to advance tax ...
Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC) would raise interest rates on its commercial vehicle loans in the second quarter, as its ...
My son is four years old.
The country's second largest public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it may raise Rs 2,000 crore from bonds by ...
United States Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke will probably delay the central bank’s exit from record stimulus, ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) will soon set up an agriculture training centre to train farmers in latest advancements in the farming ...
Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee will meet the chiefs of public sector banks on July 8 to take stock of the current environment ...
State Bank of India, the country's largest public sector bank, has lowered its credit growth target for the current year to ...
While corporate bond offerings in the tenors between two and five years have seen a sharp rise this financial year because of ...
Self-help groups in the state are ready to evolve into the next stage by acquiring an 'economic base' of operations such as ...
At a time when fee income from managing primary market issuances is down to a trickle, it is not surprising that investment ...
Government-owned Syndicate Bank has shortlisted 12 insurance companies for a joint venture for its proposed foray into the life ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said companies planning to raise share capital through public ...
Bank employees across the country would hold a strike on July 7 to protest against the government’s decision to dilute its ...
Rating agency Fitch today affirmed India's short-term foreign currency rating at 'F3' and the country ceiling at 'BBB-' on ...
After restructuring debt of micro finance institutions (MFIs), Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is planning to ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said its credit growth might be 16-19% this fiscal, lower than ...
Bank employees across the country will strike work on July 7 to protest against the government decision to dilute its equity in ...
Shriram Transport Finance, the largest commercial vehicle financier in the country, plans to raise Rs 1,000 crore by issuing ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) would soon begin inspecting the balance sheet of the Maharashtra ...
The commercial banks have disbursed Rs 38,243 crore to the priority sector in Karnataka during fiscal 2010-11, achieving 98 per ...
State Bank of India (SBI) aims to improve the quality of its assets in the coming quarters and has taken a slew of measures to ...
Companies withdrawing funds from banks to meet advance tax obligations last week led to a decline in the liquidity scenario.
This ...
After lying low since its foray into the credit card business two years ago, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India on Monday ...
Citibank on Monday said its stand-alone net profit from India operations for the year ended March 2011 surged 66 per cent to Rs ...
Public sector lender UCO Bank has launched its small and medium enterprises (SME) loan hub in Bangalore in its bid to increase ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) today announced a free personal accident cover of Rs 1 lakh as an add-on service for its existing ...
Manappuram group will mobilise Rs 1,500 crore through a non-convertible debenture issue by next month.
The debentures with a ...
Irrespective of what the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) thinks about the role of microfinance institutions (MFIs), the recent ...
As a Princeton University professor, Ben Bernanke castigated the Bank of Japan in 2000 for a “case of self-induced ...
The outgoing RBI Deputy Governor, Shyamala Gopinath, has defended higher provisionings that SBI made in Q4 of 2010-11 which saw ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it would focus on expansion of technology driven services to meet its present requirements.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Shyamala Gopinath, who retired today, said her gender was never an issue in her ...
Union Bank of India, the fifth largest nationalised bank in the country, is likely to revisit its credit growth projections for ...
More microfinance institutions (MFIs) should be encouraged to enter the microfinance sector to reach out to the vast populace of ...
Public sector lender Vijaya Bank is aiming to achieve 20 per cent growth in advances and 18 per cent in deposits in the current ...
Punjab National bank is projecting a 20% growth in deposits and advances in the current year.
Despite the escalating rate of ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor K C Chakrabarty today asked banks to increase their loan monitoring mechanism, ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has agreed to refinance 33 district central cooperative banks ...
Standard Chartered Bank is likely to appoint Sandeep Das as head of its private banking business in India, sources said.
It has ...
The yields on the 10-year benchmark 7.8 per cent government bond may ease or stabilise on lack of re-issuances. Last week, the ...
Public sector lender UCO Bank has launched its small and medium enterprises (SME) loan hub in Bangalore in its bid to increase ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI) today said it was in talks with Bharti AXA and two other asset management companies for ...
India is likely to allow foreign individuals to invest in mutual funds in the next two weeks but with a cumulative cap of $10 ...
Banking sector may face capital crunch if advances rise at a compound annual growth rate of nearly 17% in next few years, ...
The proposed initial share sale of leading commodity exchange MCX has been given a top rating by Crisil, which has said the IPO ...
Keeping in view the competition in the market place, IDBI Bank today kept its lending rates steady while it raised rates on ...
European finance ministers meet tomorrow to hammer out a new Greek bailout package watertight enough to avoid triggering a ...
Bank of Maharashtra has set up a soil testing laboratory at Bhigwan near Pune with Mahabank Agricultural Research and Rural ...
Bank's board approves fund raising via debt instruments.
Union Bank of India, the fifth nationalised bank in the country, is targeting a milestone business of Rs 30,000 crore in Andhra ...
The total disbursal of education loan in Uttar Pradesh by commercial banks, regional rural banks (RRB) and cooperative banks has ...
Banks have been withdrawing from mutual funds after the regulator mandated a cap on their investments in liquid schemes in May ...
About 10 lakh bank employees across the country will go on strike on July 7 to protest against the government's policies on ...
After rising for three straight weeks, India's foreign exchange reserves dropped by $2.40 billion in the week ended June 10 on ...
A 25-bps increase in policy rates by RBI did not spring a surprise.
However, the accompanying statement leaves no doubt that the ...
By raising the policy rates by a modest 25 basis points, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has again managed a difficult balance ...
The Reserve Bank has imposed a penalty of Rs 5 lakh on Rajkot-based Jivan Commercial Cooperative Bank for violation of various ...
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) today said it had re-entered the Indian banking sector after a decade, opening its ...
ING Vysya Bank, based in this city, has raised Rs 970 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) and preferential ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has re-allocated the portfolios of its executive directors (EDs) following the induction of two ...
This article
has been corrected.
Please read the clarification at the end of the article.
Gujarat-based mid-sized private enterprises with a turnover of around Rs 200 crore seems is becoming favourite for the foreign ...
Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance, a 50.1:49.9 JV between Sundaram Finance Ltd and BNP Paribas, is expanding its presence into ...
While millions of US homeowners have negotiated lower monthly mortgage bills in an effort to avoid foreclosure, Cecelia Kirchman ...
Just like a regular insurance cover for the house one is living in, one can also buy a cover for a property likely to remain ...
More microfinance institutions (MFIs) should be encouraged to enter the microfinance sector to reach out to the vast populace of ...
The private sector lender ING Vysya Bank today raised Rs 970 crore through qualified institutional placements (QIP) and ...
EMIs for home, auto and personal loans are set to go up again as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today hiked key interest rates ...
State-run IDBI Bank today said it was looking to raise $250 million (Rs 111.94 crore) in the next three months through a bond ...
Industry body Assocham said the RBI's move to hike interest rates by 25 basis points today will further slow down fresh ...
* Central bank says will  continue with its anti-inflationary monetary policy.
Inflation remained elusive and stubborn at near double-digit levels for several months.
Inflation in May, at above nine per cent, ...
With inflation hovering above the comfort zone, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may raise key policy rates by 25 basis points in ...
I want to cancel my motor insurance policy and buy one from another insurer.
Higher interest rates on bank deposits continued to attract funds, as the deposit base of banks grew by around Rs 58,000 crore in ...
Most expect a 25 bps rate hike today, but want pause.
Insurance companies will get another opportunity to bid for the Union government’s ambitious health insurance project, ...
Federal Reserve officials are discussing whether to adopt an explicit target for inflation, a strategy long advocated by Chairman ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
(JPM) split retail banking head Charles Scharf’s duties among three executives and ousted its ...
With competition in the banking sector heating up, the feedback on customer experience, perception and expectations is becoming ...
The biggest struggles in the recent past might have been surrounding land and land acquisition, but risk mitigation through an ...
Bank-promoted life insurance companies have opposed the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority’s (Irda) ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, the second- largest US bank, ousted mortgage chief David Lowman after it overcharged active-duty ...
Citigroup has earned a pre-tax profit of $160 million by selling 1.5 per cent of its stake in Housing Development Finance ...
Non-bank financial companies (NBFCs) will not be permitted to open branches abroad, the Reserve Bank of India said today. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said high interest rates and a rise in non-performing assets (NPAs) may erode the ...
Muthoot Finance's method of raising money through gold bonds has been questioned by its competitors, including a few public ...
The Reserve Bank of India, in its Financial Stability Report, today said banks should create adequate reserves to deal with ...
On a day when rising inflation numbers raised many a concern, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said rising prices and interest ...
The insurance sector’s linkages with the rest of the financial system needs better monitoring, to avert any possible ...
High inflation and the consequential policy rate increases are likely to impact domestic growth in the future, said the Reserve ...
State Bank of India’s specialised commercial branch (SCB) under the Mid Corporate Group has set a target of Rs 600 crore ...
Two-thirds of firms may not be able to convert these bonds into equity.
With an aim to regulate the credit system to the advantage of the country, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said non-banking ...
State-run lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) today said it is aiming to increase its retail loan book to a quarter of its total ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today cautioned rising interest rate and high cost of funds could hurt the profitability of the ...
The four exchanges today appointed SunGard as the technology provider of the business-to-business intra-ASEAN cross-border order ...
Max New York has launched a unit-linked insurance plan called ‘Fast track’. Pegged on the promise it will help ...
There are more restrictions on policies from life insurers as compared to a mediclaim.
Some life policies offer the benefit of indexation.
Bond traders and officials at the European Central Bank (ECB) have been unified in their warnings that a restructuring of ...
With a proposed change in ownership, private non-life insurer Bharti AXA General Insurance Company is set to tweak its business ...
Deutsche Bank on Monday said its standalone net profit from India operations was Rs 630 crore for the year ended March 31, up 41 ...
Banks on Friday used the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) marginal standing facility (MSF) for the first time since its inception in ...
After revamping its business in 2010-11, Fullerton India Credit Company, a Temasek-owned finance company, plans to grow its loan ...
To meet new regulatory norms, lender plans to reduce stake to below 10%.
Union Bank of India, one of the country's leading public sector banks, aims to scale up its international banking operations.
Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond President Jeffrey Lacker said the two-year-old US recovery may be unusually slow as employers ...
Last week, Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty slammed public sector banks (PSBs) for the strange phenomenon of ...
With the payment of the first instalment of advance corporate tax and prospects of a 25-basis-point rise in policy rates, the ...
Review says too slack, for coordination with govt depts.
The market has already factored in a 25 basis points (bps) increase in key policy rates on Thursday, when the Reserve Bank of ...
The new rules on foreign direct investment (FDI) in Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) firms seems to have excited many, ...
The Federal Reserve said it will expand a capital-planning program to the 35 largest US banks to ensure they have an adequate ...
The trend of farm credit disbursal by cooperative banks, which had dipped below the target in 2007-08 and 2008-09, has ...
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor KC Chakrabarty today exhorted banks to make their services cost-effective.
The financial stability mandate given to central banks should be compatible with operation of monetary policy to manage inflation ...
In a reversal of its earlier stand, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said financial stability cannot be its exclusive ...
Taking a strong note of State Bank of India's (SBI) huge profit erosion for March quarter due to a rise in provisions, the ...
Most microfinance companies in India continue their struggle for survival.
This is despite banks agreeing to recast the existing ...
I plan to buy a motor insurance policy.
The public sector bank is planning to add another 20 branches to the current 80 in the state.
While Canara Bank saw Rs 1000 crore ...
European Central Bank (ECB) President Jean-Claude Trichet may signal the bank intends to raise interest rates in July after ...
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector lender, has lined up an exchange offer for its lower Tier-II bonds, worth $90 ...
Following the government’s push to increase trade between India and African countries and the growing investments by Indian ...
The Maharashtra cooperation department and the two government-appointed administrators have asked the statutory auditors of ...
IndusInd Bank Ltd has signed an agreement with Atos Worldline India for point of sales (POS) acquiring solutions.
State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest public sector lender, is likely to complete a proposed rights issue of Rs 20,000 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the National Bank for Agriculture & Rural Development (Nabard) have given their ...
The rising cost of deposits may hit net interest margins (NIMs) of Indian commercial banks by 25-50 basis points in the current ...
Says ensure customers don’t include terrorist entities.
Emerging-market economies, growing almost three times faster than their developed counterparts, needed to speed spending cuts and ...
Citigroup Inc agreed to sell $1.7 billion of leveraged buyout assets to Axa SA’s private equity unit as the third-biggest ...
Wall Street investors who started reinsurers after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 are again increasing bets on the industry to profit ...
Insurance is a legal contract
and, hence, the insurer should charge premium according to the terms of the contract.
Financial firms, shunned by investors to a degree seen only once in the last 20 years, are becoming a smaller part of the U S ...
The number of private equity (PE) investment deals in May was the highest in more than three years, attracting $1.1 billion.
Morgan Stanley, owner of the world’s largest brokerage, may eliminate more jobs at its wealth management unit, while ...
In a move to take insurance products to the doorsteps of customers, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is ...
Market participants feel the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may raise rates till September.
This sentiment was strongly reflected in ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today released regulatory guidelines for mergers and acquisitions ...
Private lender ING Vysya Bank today said it plans to raise funds by issuing up to 28 million equity shares to the promoters and ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) executive director H R Khan has emerged as the front runner for the post of deputy governor in the ...
Likely to be allowed to have two partners for every insurance segment.
As many as 18 out of 30 districts in Orissa have a Credit-Deposit (CD) ratio less than the RBI (Reserve Bank of India) stipulated ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank has raised its interest rates by 25 basis points to 50 basis points for various ...
In what could reform the interest rate structure of small saving schemes, a committee set up to review the National Small Savings ...
In run-up to implementing a single-window online clearance system nicknamed ‘Nivesh Mitra’, Uttar Pradesh industrial ...
A failure by European regulators to make banks raise enough capital to withstand a sovereign default is complicating efforts to ...
The Federal Reserve supports a proposal at the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision that calls for a maximum capital surcharge ...
High inflation is the biggest risk that banks in India and other countries of the Asia-Pacific region face, Standard & ...
ICICI Bank has emerged as the single Indian entity considered worth investing by Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi and the ...
India has 62,000 ultra high net worth households, with an average net worth of Rs 75 crore.
In five years, the number of such ...
Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services consolidated net profit for the 2010-11 fiscal has come down to Rs 29.02 crore as against ...
The Reserve Bank of Australia may resume lifting the developed world’s highest borrowing costs in July or August to counter ...
German lenders were the biggest foreign owners of Greek government bonds, with $22.7 billion in holdings last year, making them a ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co commercial banking chief, Todd Maclin, and international operations head, Heidi Miller, are likely to ...
Deputy Governor Shyamala Gopinath says central bank hopes the government’s borrowing programme will go on smoothly.
There is nothing new in a government-owned bank facing profit pressures due to provisioning immediately after a chairman retires. ...
With liquidity expected to tighten further, owing to the corporate advance tax outflow scheduled for mid-June, banks are seeking ...
The dollar’s best monthly performance since November may prove fleeting as a slowing US economy and falling short-term ...
Buying insurance for your vehicle is no guarantee that the insurer will pay for all damages.
Insurers can reject claims that do ...
A string of disappointing economic data capped by last week’s jobs report is prompting even some of the more optimistic ...
French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde will be in India tomorrow to garner support for her candidature for the IMF head, ...
Ahead of its mid-quarterly policy review, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it is monitoring the economic data and also ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants more and more banks to launch services on mobile, its Deputy Governor Shyamala Gopinath ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has advised public not to fall prey to fictitious information of being beneficiary of funds such ...
Bank of India is aiming for a 50 per cent growth in business during the current financial year from the southern region, which ...
According to figures released by State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC), of the total target of Rs 1640.68 crore of agri-term ...
The majority of the companies that made their debut on the bourses in the year 2011 are trading well below their issue price, ...
Asked by the government for suggestions on a new set of rules for ownership and governance of the stock exchanges, the industry ...
While everyone else is revising the Indian economy’s growth estimate for the current financial year, the Reserve Bank of ...
Banks may have provided a breather to micro finance institutions (MFIs) by giving up their demand on promoters’ personal ...
Asian currencies gained for a third week on speculation regional central banks will keep raising interest rates to stem ...
The Ministry of Commerce and Industry would initiate talks with Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Indian Banks Association and the top ...
Will focus on acquiring operating units with a turnaround potential.
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill is set to miss another deadline of Parliament’s Standing Committee on Finance, even as ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) and Khazanah, investment holding arm of the Malaysian government, will form a ...
MFI promoters agree to pledge 100% shareholding; banks refuse to give fresh loans to the sector.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed urban cooperative banks (UCBs) to give loans to self help groups (SHGs), a move ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose for the second consecutive week, swelling by $1.68 billion
to $310.21 billion.
State-run lender Corporation Bank said it would recruit 1,200 people this fiscal with an aim to achieve its target of adding 200 ...
Insurance sector regulator Irda today said guidelines to allow life insurance companies to raise funds from the capital market ...
The Centre today appointed Prakash Bakshi as the new chairman of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development ...
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Ltd (Chola MS), a joint venture between Chennai-based Murugappa group and Japanese ...
The working group set up by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended steps to make card transactions safer.
However, this ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) today said it favoured retaining the cap on investment in equities ...
The government today said there was a need to amend the Banking Regulation Act which will enable the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Stung by a series of frauds in the financial sector over the past six months, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today unveiled ...
A Maharashtra state-level committee of bankers would take up the issue of increasing commercial banks’ exposure to crop ...
Around 350,000 villages across India would secure access to financial services offered by banks in the next two financial years, ...
Banks have not yet started offering fresh loans to microfinance institutions (MFIs), which are currently battling a crisis of ...
Housing finance companies (HFCs) are set to face higher provisioning norms, as the National Housing Bank (NHB), the regulator for ...
European Central Bank (ECB) President Jean- Claude Trichet said governments should consider setting up a finance ministry for the ...
WestBridge Capital Partners, which was revived during mid-February 2011, is understood to have got soft commitments to the tune ...
Amid rising instances of debit and credit card frauds, an RBI panel has recommended that banks should put in place secure systems ...
Murugappa Group's company Cholamandalam MS General Insurance is aiming for 40% growth this fiscal, a top company official today ...
Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) today said it would like to maintain the 50% limit on investment in ...
The National Housing Bank today said there has been a slowdown in the growth of housing loan uptake due to higher interest rates ...
Come September and Initial Public Offers (IPOs) of companies with paid-up capital of upto Rs 25 crore will not require market ...
Hinduja Group-promoted IndusInd Bank today signed an agreement with business solutions provider ElectraCard Services (ECS) for ...
Capital market regulator Sebi today said the equity market should not be considered as a market of speculators.
I am 34 years of age and earn Rs 28,000 a month.
I plan to retire around 50.
I need a substantial corpus to take care of all my ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India's south zone, which covers Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, has registered a total new ...
Bank deposits
continued to rise, owing to attractive interest rates on retail and corporate deposits.
According to data released ...
Despite the high loan rates, the issuance of commercial papers (CPs) is yet to pick up, primarily owing to the lack of investor ...
After losing euro 8,000 on an interest-rate swap sold with her mortgage, Maria Jesus del Rio joined demonstrators in her home ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao said banks would need to increase their capital going forward to meet rising ...
The dollar beat stocks, commodities and bonds in its first monthly gain since November, as the euro-region debt crisis deepened ...
With an eye on the business from the $1-trillion infrastructure financing market, IL&FS Financial Services Ltd (IFIN) has ...
First-year premium collection by life insurance companies declined 11.89 per cent in April, compared to the corresponding period ...
The Singapore Exchange (SGX) on Wednesday announced it would start clearing of non-deliverable forwards (NDF) of Asian currencies ...
Insurance companies often trample on consumers’ right to information
by suppressing material information.
Despite specific ...
Public sector Union Bank of India (UBI) today announced a revision of rates in both foreign currency and rupee term deposits by ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank today said it plans to open nearly 150 branches in the country during FY12 to take its total ...
Citigroup is nearing an agreement with China-based Orient Securities Company to set up a joint-venture securities business that ...
State Bank of India (SBI) seeks to explore project financing opportunities in Qatar as the country scales up infrastructure ...
The India Agri-Business Fund (IABF), Rabobank’s private equity arm, and International Finance Corporation (IFC), along with ...
Manappuram General Finance and Leasing Limited (MGFL), a non-banking finance company, will issue bonus shares at 1:1 ratio.
The ...
Despite economic growth declining to 78 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2010-11, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to ...
Despite most banks raising their lending rates towards the end of the last financial year, the demand for home loans remains ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation Ltd (IDFC), is set to wind up IDFC Projects, its projects development business. ...
Central Bank of India Chairman and Managing Director S Sridhar on Tuesday said the industry’s non-performing assets (NPAs) ...
The country’s largest life insurer, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), today launched a new health insurance plan, ...
The general insurance industry’s gross premium income rose 20 per cent in April, compared to the corresponding period last ...
Sundaram Finance Ltd, the majority stakeholder in Chennai-based general insurance company Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance ...
Credit offtake from banks to major sectors accelerated in April this year, registering a growth of over 22.1% as against 17.1% in ...
The general insurance industry, comprising four public sector entities, grew by 20% in April this year compared to the same month ...
Bargaining on the cover premium can lead to lower value of your car.
Reserve Bank of India’s Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) on monetary policy had considered increasing the statutory ...
Higher provisions for commercial third-party motor pool losses dragged Reliance Capital’s consolidated net profit for the ...
The National Civil Aircraft Development Project is set to be launched by January next year, and the total investment for the ...
To issue biometric cards to 50 million people every year for the next four years.
State Bank of Travancore said on Monday its board has approved the draft letter of offer for its planned rights issue.
Overnight money market rates are likely to stabilise this week, as banks would have met most of their reserve needs in the first ...
City Union Bank (CUB) has said that it would require around Rs 3,000 crore capital to reach its targeted Rs 30,000 crore total ...
Central Bank of India is expecting to invest around $ 50 million (around Rs 227 crore) in next the two to three years for setting ...
Global chip maker Intel sees big opportunity in RBI's financial inclusion programme and is all set to launch its Universal ...
Sebi has begun a probe into possible use of fake bids for artificially pushing up the subscription levels in numerous IPOs over ...
Having raised Rs 290 crore of Tier-I capital through a preferential allotment, south-based Dhanlaxmi Bank is planning to raise ...
Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance Limited, the only listed microfinance institution (MFI) in the country, on Saturday stated that ...
The dollar fell for a second week against its major trading partners as reports showing growth cooled in the US fueled ...
An Indian-origin hedge fund manager in the US has pleaded guilty to his involvement in insider trading schemes and could face up ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to resolve customer complaints related to failed ATM transactions within seven ...
Expectations that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may continue making funds dearer to tame inflation and increased government ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has shot down a proposal for merger of an old generation private sector bank and a new-age ...
In a move that will give Indian companies more flexibility in managing international joint ventures (JVs) and wholly-owned ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today clarified that a non-banking finance company (NBFC) together with its subsidiaries and ...
According to industry insiders, Deutsche Bank has monetised around 300 acres of land during the past year and has another 50 ...
Public sector Central Bank of India today said it was planning overseas expansion with an aim to have a strong presence in ...
Under the financial inclusion plan, a total of 836 villages in Orissa having population of over 2,000 persons have been provided ...
The government may explore the capital market route to allow foreign investors in the proposed infrastructure debt fund, Economic ...
Higher provisioning, on account of non-performing assets and employee costs, especially for public sector banks, weighed on the ...
Banks should have the power to decide on their own structure, terms and conditions, and charges for opening and maintenance a ...
Uncertainty continued to loom over the appointment of the chairman of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India, the country's ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to furnish details of the portfolio management services offered by them.
Muthoot Finance Limited (MFL), a Kochi-based gold financing company, reported a net profit of Rs 494 crore for the year ended ...
The State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) has proposed a Rs 73,450-crore annual credit plan for the priority sector in ...
European Central Bank officials may have more scope to cope with a Greek restructuring than they are letting on even as policy ...
Credit Suisse Group AG (CS), Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc (RBS) each borrowed at least $30 ...
Country's biggest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will submit the revised proposal to the government for Rs 20,000 ...
Market regulator Sebi today said it will probe alleged irregularities in subscription of shares of sponge iron producer Vaswani ...
The government has appointed Life Insurance Corporation of India's (LIC) Managing Director DK Mehrotra as the acting chairman of ...
The Reserve Bank will soon release guidelines for implementing its proposal to locate at least a quarter of the new bank branches ...
Finance Ministry today pitched for a "middle path" on Jalan Committee suggestions on a new set of rules regarding the ...
In order to provide financial services to its Indian customers, the global electronics major Siemens today said it has been ...
A special Central Bureau of Investigation judge in Bhopal on Tuesday sentenced one year rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs ...
Bank of India's board has approved the proposal to raise funds by issuing 180 million fresh shares.
This would help the bank ...
The Union government has proposed that public sector banks should set quarterly targets for credit disbursal to avoid bunching of ...
In a bid to expedite the implementation of Financial Inclusion Plan (FIP) in Gujarat, the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks not to extend loans against Indian depository receipts (IDRs) issued by foreign ...
A working group of the Reserve Bank of India has recommended that derivative deals — both forward and swap — worth ...
Banks are gearing up to face further liquidity tightening, owing to advance tax outflows in mid-June. Bankers say retail and bulk ...
Thrissur-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) has registered a seven-fold growth in net profit during the financial year 2010-11 to ...
State-owned Bank of India (BoI) today said it would raise funds by issuing up to 18 crore fresh shares through public offer or ...
In order to improve transparency and avoid build up of a financial crisis, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel today suggested ...
Private sector Kotak Mahindra Bank today raised fixed deposit rates by upto 50 basis points (bps) on select maturity.
Private sector Dhanlaxmi Bank today said it proposes to raise up to Rs 290.53 crore by way of preferential allotment of equity ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said banks can not extend loans against Indian Depository Receipts (IDRs) issued by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should keep its key rates high not just to fight inflation, but also to prevent the formation of ...
Private equity (PE) players across the world have offloaded stakes worth $85 billion so far in the second quarter of the 2011 ...
My wife and I are planning an international holiday next month.
Free looking period and fund switches can help you pick the best and save more for the long term.
A Financial Stability Development Council's (FSDC) sub committee, in its meeting today, discussed the regulatory gaps in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said state governments should improve efficiency through better planning, robust cash ...
Following the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) objection, government-owned UCO Bank has declassified loans worth Rs 4,000 ...
Amid the slow credit demand in a rising interest rate regime, several public and private sector banks are queuing for the Rs ...
Family-promoted businesses are now attracting a large number of private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) funds.
During ...
The Maharashtra government has taken steps to enable the Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSC Bank) get refinance of up to Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has relaxed the eligibility norms for using credit default swaps (CDS) on corporate bonds.
The ...
The finance ministry may have to borrow more from the market this year because a higher refund outgo has left the revenue ...
Mangalore headquartered private sector lender, Karnataka Bank has registered a 22.56 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 90.82 ...
Star Union Dai-ichi (SUD) Life Insurance Co Ltd, a joint venture of public sector banks Bank of India and Union Bank of India and ...
The Reserve Bank today came out with a credit default swap (CDS) guidelines that would allow corporate entities including ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has sought the Life Insurance Council's views on a revised draft of the ...
Despite the proposals in the new Direct Taxes Code (DTC), which are expected to hit the industry, and flat growth in renewal ...
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) is crunching its numbers under pressure for sustaining a 9.5 per cent ...
Rating agency Crisil on Monday said listed companies which raised money through foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) should ...
Private sector lender YES Bank is planning to open 100-150 branches in the southern region of the country in the next three years ...
At a time when customer service and satisfaction is becoming the key to success for life insurance companies, the claim ...
Though they come at a cost, buying them with the insurance policy can make a lot of sense.
The gap between longer-term US government bond yields and shorter maturities is the steepest ever during this point of an ...
Seeks control over FHCs, irrespective of bank’s presence.
After working with the World Bank for two decades, Shekhar Shah felt he had reached a fork in the road when the opportunity to ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said introduction of security features in all denominations of Indian bank notes was ...
In an effort to improve due diligence, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday asked banks to seek information from their ...
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co LP and International Finance Corporation (IFC) have invested Rs 440 crore in Magma Fincorp, a ...
Banks are reluctant to offer fresh term loans to microfinance institutions (MFIs) that have opted for debt restructuring, unless ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said 73,000 villages with a population of over 2,000 persons will be brought under formal ...
In order to increase insurance penetration, the regulator Irda is contemplating allowing banks to sell products of more than one ...
State-owned Central Bank of India today said it is expecting a credit growth of 22.5% and net interest margin (NIM) of 3.5% ...
HSBC India
today announced the appointment of Aditya Gahlaut as head of business banking for HSBC in India.
The department of disinvestment (DoD) has put severe restrictions on investment bankers seeking to participate in offers of ...
Yields on the 10-year benchmark 7.8 per cent government bond could move further up, as rate increase concerns loom in the ...
Private sector lender YES Bank is planning to open 100-150 branches in the southern region of the country in the next three years ...
As many as six companies that made their debut on BSE in the current fiscal are trading well below their issue price, resulting ...
The government will begin tomorrow its consultations with various stakeholders regarding a new set of rules on how stock ...
A bank cannot be compelled to provide loan "under any law or procedure" to a consumer and the latter cannot demand ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukehjee on Saturday said the rise in non-performing assets (NPA) of public sector banks in the last ...
IDBI Capital Markets Ltd, a subsidiary of IDBI Bank, is reworking its businesses to focus on mid-sized companies.
The company is ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), Karnataka, is in talks with the Bangalore Electricity Supply ...
At least five institutions, including Axis Bank and SBI Card, have shown interest in buying the credit card business of Barclays ...
Country's forex reserves slid for the second consecutive week falling by $2.042 billion to $307.49 billion on the back of a ...
Bank employees and officers union today threatened to go on all-India strike on July 7 to protest against proposed banking sector ...
Credit loans dispensed by commercial banks increased by 27% during October-December period last fiscal, suggesting heightened ...
The rupee advanced by another 12 paise to 44.85 against the dollar today on persistent selling of the greenback by banks and ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank plans to ramp up its merchant banking services by setting up a syndication unit ...
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private lender, is set to tap overseas markets to raise $750 million-1 billion through debt ...
With just over a fortnight left for banks and microfinance companies to agree on the debt recast package, the corporate debt ...
I have heard that those who drink and/or smoke have to pay a higher premium.
I drink once or twice a week (around 180 ml a week) ...
Federal Bank today said the two-day strike (May 19 and 20) by the officers association was unwar-ranted. Federal Bank ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 2.05 crore to the state agriculture department ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit may collect at least $42 million under a retention award program, assuming ...
SKS Microfinance has raised Rs 600 crore through securitisation this month, including a Rs 50-crore deal comprising 65,438 rated ...
Star Union Dai-ichi (SUD) Life Insurance Co Ltd, a joint venture of public sector Bank of India and Union Bank of India and ...
Insurance companies always insist on an advance receipt from the insured.
This gives them full and final discharge to coerce an ...
State's deposits rise 20.76 per cent to Rs 2,72,076 crore.
Sub-limits on ailments can cap your claim despite a large sum insured.
Banks have shown little progress in the areas of mobile banking and cash at point-of-sales (PoS) terminals, even after nearly two ...
The Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSC), whose board was superseded 11 days earlier, had actually improved its numbers ...
Experian, a global information, analytical tools and marketing services company, is exploring acquisition opportunities in India. ...
Corporation Bank is planning to double its business in Andhra Pradesh during the current financial year, according to its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has increased the provisioning norms for certain categories of non-performing assets and ...
Deposits of scheduled commercial banks continue to decline since the beginning of the current financial year, as banks repay the ...
State Bank of India Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri today said his bank followed a “zero-tolerance” policy on any incident ...
Bank scrip loses an additional 2.5% on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Credit offtake from banks grew 22.6% for the one year period ended May 6, 2011, to over Rs 40 lakh crore, indicating an upswing ...
Consequent to revision in wages in accordance with the Ninth Bipartite Settlement and the proposed amendment to the SBI Pension ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) needs to find an interim replacement for its embattled chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn, who is ...
A 99% fall in net clouds outlook for stock indices.
Higher provisioning sharply dragged the net profit of State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, by 99 per cent to ...
The rates on certificates of deposits (CDs) across maturities have increased by at least 50 basis points in the last month, owing ...
After micro finance, micro housing is becoming a buzz word.
The sector is not only attracting domestic companies, but also luring ...
Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance, a microfinance institution promoted by social entrepreneur Vijay Mahajan, plans to raise up to Rs ...
Market regulator Sebi, which receives well over 100 investor complaints a day, plans to initially have about 10 agents at its ...
America's top six credit card companies are giving investors more evidence that card users are in control of their spending and ...
Life insurance companies have started to cut down their workforce and branch network following tougher norms that came into force ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc is seeking money to bankroll fledgling hedge funds, its second attempt since 2008 to break into a ...
With increasing third-party motor pool losses, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) might do away with it ...
Riding high on strong cash flow, Indian companies are looking to invest in acquisitions and increase their business aggressively ...
State-run National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has been without a chairman for the last five months, ...
Pointing to stickiness of high commodity prices, the Reserve Bank of India on Monday said prices would not come down sharply in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said growth in the short term may have to be sacrificed to tame rising prices. ...
I am a dentist and plan to start my own practice in a couple of months.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn today said that fuel prices have become significant contributor to ...
Tightening the norms for foreign exchange risk cover, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said only companies with a networth ...
The bank has also raised its retail lending rate by 0.50% to 16.25% a year from 15.75% a year with effect from the same date.
Standard Chartered Bank’s plan to offer a short-term loan to Share Microfin to allow the company redeem non-convertible ...
The yields on treasury bills are expected to move up, as the government is set to borrow more via these short-term instruments ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company Ltd, a joint venture of the Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and UK-based Legal & General, is ...
The value of transactions carried out through cheques declined by 2.6% to Rs 101.33 lakh crore in FY11 and only Delhi and ...
Short-term retail fixed deposit (FD) rates have gone up sharply in the past few days, with banks offering better rates on ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) is eyeing 20-25% growth in its balance sheet this fiscal, a top bank official said today.
Competition watchdog CCI has issued a show cause notice to the National Stock Exchange (NSE) asking why a penalty should not be ...
The Bangalore-based company reported 49% growth in net profit in FY11.
At the end of March the profit after tax of Ujjivan stood ...
China raised banks’ reserve requirements for the fifth time this year to restrain prices, underscoring the risk that ...
The Andhra Pradesh regional office of Nabard (National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development) has sanctioned Rs 28.5 crore ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company Ltd, a joint venture between Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and UK-based Legal & General, ...
SKS Microfinance on Thursday challenged in the Supreme Court the special Act passed by the Andhra Pradesh government to regulate ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank on Thursday said it raised Rs 3,650 crore from bonds to fund business growth.
The bank had issued ...
Goldman Sachs Group plans to set up a yuan-denominated private equity fund in China, according to two people with knowledge of ...
Cash-strapped microfinance companies that plan to restructure their debts have requested banks for additional loans of Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today pitched for more foreign direct investment (FDI) into the country, even as it expressed ...
Private power producer Tata Power plans to issue Rs 1,500 crore of perpetual bonds in the domestic market.
The issue is expected ...
Public sector lender Syndicate Bank today registered a net profit of Rs 289 crore for the quarter ended March 31, a 72 per cent ...
Kicking off the rewriting of legislations in the financial sector, the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) ...
Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) expects the profit before tax from its business in India to cross $1 billion in ...
Global banking major HSBC today said India is one of its key markets for growth and profits from the country will cross the ...
SKS Microfinance today challenged in the Supreme Court the special act passed by the Andhra Pradesh government to regulate ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank today said it has raised Rs 3,650 crore from bonds to fund business growth.
In line with the industry trend, HDFC Bank has decided to raise lending rates by 55 basis points and deposits rates by up to 125 ...
Private sector general insurer ICICI Lombard GIC Ltd has tied up with Air India Express to provide travel insurance solutions to ...
Banks plan to convert a part of their loans to microfinance institutions (MFIs) into equities if micro lenders fail to repay ...
Robust demand from mid and small-sized Indian companies is driving the fund raising exercise by public sector banks from ...
Tata Capital Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Sons, today said it had raised $800 million (Rs 3,570 crore)for its private ...
Owing to robust demand from Indian corporates, public sector lenders Bank of India (BoI) and Indian Overseas Bank (IoB) plan to ...
Volvo Financial Services, the finance arm of the Volvo Group, has formed an alliance with Srei BNP Paribas to launch a private ...
In an effort to tighten regulatory oversight on foreign banks operating in India, the Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday said ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the largest institutional investor in the country, plans to invest Rs 60,000 crore in ...
All insurance policies stipulate a time frame for lodging a claim after the incident of loss.
For mediclaim policies, it was 30 ...
In line with the industry trend, HDFC Bank has decided to hike lending rates by 55 basis points (bps) and deposits rates by up to ...
Transaction through credit cards in the country went up by 22.15% during 2010-11, touching Rs 75,515.68 crore in value terms.
Country's second-largest public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said an increase in savings interest rate to 4% ...
Private insurer Max New York Life today said it has received all regulatory approvals to dilute 4% stake to its bancassurance ...
IDBI Bank today said it is looking at raising a syndicated loan of $225 million in overseas market this fiscal for which the ...
Concerned over the way the foreign banks are functioning in the country, the Reserve Bank today said that their Indian Chief ...
State bank of India (SBI), India’s largest lender, has increased its base rate and its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) ...
The Union Cabinet is likely to approve a proposal to grant autonomy to the India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL), ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao said the concerns of capital inflows in India due to the interest rate ...
SKS Microfinance, whose shares have slumped 42 per cent in the last three weeks on losses and low recovery in Andhra Pradesh, its ...
European Central Bank (ECB) officials warned of catastrophic consequences if Greece is allowed to restructure its sovereign debt.
IVRCL Assets and Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of Hyderabad-based IVRCL Infrastructures and Projects Limited, on Tuesday said ...
The Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank (KVGB) has registered a 50.5 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 95.17 crore it recorded ...
Owing to robust demand from Indian corporates, public sector lenders Bank of India (BoI) and Indian Overseas Bank (IoB) plan to ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC), India’s largest housing finance company, on Tuesday posted net profit ...
The dream that turned sour for many a retail investor long before has now begun to hurt the smarter ones, too.
Early birds who ...
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today said it plans to raise the overseas business contribution from 10% to 15% in the ...
Expecting pressure on company financials in the near term, SKS Microfinance today said it will start focusing on non-core ...
Private sector company ING Life Insurance today reported a loss of Rs 70 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2011, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today set up a committee for streamlining foreign exchange transactions and also invited comments ...
Fearing possible black money flow and terror financing risks from Iran and North Korea into the Indian stock market, Sebi has ...
The country's oldest stock exchange, the BSE, is looking to revive its wholesale debt trading platform with the waiver of annual ...
The US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has asked HSBC Bank to provide information on incomes of US residents who may be using ...
Mangalore-headquartered public sector lender, Corporation Bank has opened a new micro-finance branch in Hyderabad in its bid to ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender State Bank of Mysore is likely to sanction a loan of around Rs 500 crore to the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Duvvuri Subbarao on Monday said the central bank should move towards setting up a monetary ...
Crisil Ratings has said the microfinance institutions (MFIs) sector is likely to see consolidation over the medium term, since ...
SKS Microfinance shares fell by nearly 19 per cent on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) to hit a record low.
The additional Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) given to banks to tide over the funds crunch during the second half of ...
Federal Bank's net profit for the fourth quarter increased 46.96 per cent to Rs 171.72 crore as against Rs ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has revised its base rate and benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points each.
The bank’s ...
After starting operations in the US, Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd (MMFSL) now plans to enter South Korea, South ...
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has revised allowances paid to its executive directors, including that of its ...
Private sector lender YES Bank today increased interest rates on term deposits by up to 50 basis points depending on the
Singapore Mercantile Exchange (SMX) today said it is including in its Advisory Board GN Bajpai, former chairman of the Securities ...
Private sector lender Development Credit Bank (DCB) today said it has hiked both its base rate and benchmark prime lending rate ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today raised housing loan limit to up to Rs 25 lakh against the existing Rs 20 lakh to be ...
State-run Indian Bank is expected to mop up over Rs 1,300 crore from its follow on public offer, which may hit the market in ...
Government-run general insurance firm United India Insurance Company, is targeting a business of Rs 8,000 crore in the fiscal ...
The Bangalore-based public sector lender, Canara Bank, is hopeful of seeing its advances grow over 25 per cent during the present ...
Indonesia's central bank has barred Citigroup from opening new branches in that country for one year besides slapping a slew of ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank is looking to hire merchant bankers to advise it on a proposed Rs 61 crore follow-on public ...
To tap the high-growth potential in the small-and-medium-enterprises (SME) sector, public lender UCO Bank plans to open 37 SME ...
Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) in Andhra Pradesh are in a state of confusion as some of the recommendations made by the Reserve ...
Bank account holders' cheers after the RBI hiked the rates on saving accounts could be short-lived, as the banks are likely to ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to make it mandatory for foreign banks in the country to operate as wholly-owned subsidiaries, in line ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) plans to raise Rs 600 crore during the current fiscal from bonds to fund business
The United Commercial Bank has moved the Delhi High Court challenging an Income Tax notice that slapped a penalty of over Rs 54 ...
Insurers see a 15-20 per cent rise in terror cover premium in six months, with increased threats of retaliation by terrorist ...
The State Registrar of Cooperative Societies, on the recommendations of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has superseded the board of ...
The existing interest rates for 15-29 and 30-45 days period has not been raised from the present 3.25 and 3.75%, respectively for ...
Two banks including State Bank of Travancore (SBT) today raised lending rates by 50 basis points which will make auto, home and ...
China today refuted reports that it suffered $271.1 billion loss since 2003 due to dollar depreciation, saying that ratio of the ...
State-owned Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today raised its base rate by 50 basis points (bps) to 10%, within days of the Reserve ...
Joining the rate hike bandwagon, state-run lender Indian Bank on Thursday raised its lending rates by 50 basis points, within ...
Andhra Bank has reported 30 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 312.78 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, from Rs 240.26 ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank on Thursday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended March rose 17 per cent to Rs 491 crore ...
Public sector lender Canara Bank registered 79 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 899 crore in the fourth quarter of 2010-11, on ...
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd (CIFCL), part of the Murugappa group, is set to foray into gold loan business, ...
The spreads on the ‘AAA’ rated three-year corporate bonds over government securities of a similar tenure are at a ...
Demand for personal guarantees casts shadow over Hyderabad-based MFI’s debt recast plan.
European Central Bank (ECB) President Jean-Claude Trichet may indicate how fast he’s prepared to raise interest rates to ...
Banks enter a slack season as credit growth takes a back seat in the first month of the new financial year.
The government has started the process to identify a replacement for Shyamala Gopinath, deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of ...
My insurance agent told me about an endowment plan and a money-back plan, both offered by a private sector life insurance ...
The bank had a PAT of Rs 419 crore in the same period an year-ago, Kotak Mahindra Bank said in a release.
Public sector Indian Bank today said it will raise over Rs 61 crore by way of further share sale offer, which is likely to hit ...
Country's biggest lender from the co-operative space, Saraswat Bank, has posted a 78% growth in net profit at Rs 212.27-crore in ...
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) today raised its base rate and benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 0.5% each.
Joining the rate hike bandwagon, state-run lender Indian Bank today raised its lending rates by 50 basis points, within days of ...
Credit offtake from banks grew by over 22% for the one year period ended April 22, 2011, to over Rs 40 lakh crore, indicating an ...
The Indian rupee weakened by 8 paise to Rs 44.56 against the US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, in ...
ING Life India, part of the ING Group, has tied up with Visakhapatnam District Central Co-op Bank.
The cooperative bank will ...
US senators formally referred to the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) an investigative report ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering introduction of futures contracts with two-year and five-year government bonds as ...
“The maximum value of such prepaid semi-closed m-wallets shall not exceed Rs 50,000,” said an RBI notification. ...
The Union government has approved Indian Bank’s proposed follow-on public offer (FPO), through which the bank plans to ...
Private life insurer HDFC Life is looking to break-even by the end of the current financial year.
New private banks are contemplating forays into the secured retail loan market through distribution tie-ups, instead of launching ...
Standard Chartered today said it recorded a double-digit growth in its income in the first three months of the year.
The rise was ...
IN what could be a serious blow to the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government, Parliament’s Standing Committee on ...
It is shocking, but nearly 80 per cent of disputes in the consumer fora pertain to insurance claims.
After the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised key policy rates by 50 basis points (bps), lenders have started raising their base ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender, Canara Bank, today revised its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) upwards by 50 basis ...
A day after the RBI raised policy rates, PNB today raised lending rates by 50 basis points, making home, auto and other loans ...
Indian Overseas Bank posted an increase of 240 per cent in net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2011, at Rs 434.30 ...
Rate hike by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is going to impact the real estate industry with a possible fall in the sales ...
T S Vijayan, whose five-term as the chairman of government-owned Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) ended today, is likely ...
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s biggest bank, was sued for more than $1 billion by the US government, which claims it ...
According to a senior official, the bank has recorded a quantum jump in its gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2011, at Rs ...
Not all life insurance policies disclose their charges to policyholders.
Traditional insurance policies do not disclose the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday raised the savings bank interest rate by 50 basis points to 4 per cent — a move ...
South Indian Bank has earned a net profit of Rs 293 crore in 2010-11 as against Rs 234 crore in the previous year, ...
Investors dumped interest rate-sensitive stocks on Tuesday after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) increased its key policy rates ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has said that deregulation of savings bank deposit rate may not be necessary, especially when the ...
To stop the circular movement of funds between banks and debt-oriented mutual funds (DoMF), the Reserve Bank today limited bank ...
The loan by the banks to MFIs for on-lending to small borrowers will fall under 'priority sector' category if the RBI guidelines ...
State-owned IDBI Bank today raised lending and deposit rates by up to 50 basis points soon after the Reserve Bank's monetary ...
Home, auto and other loans are set to become costlier with the Reserve Bank today hiking key short-term rates to contain ...
Interest rate on the money lying in savings bank accounts will go up by half a percentage point, with the Reserve Bank deciding ...
The Reserve Bank today said that loans extended by banks to micro-finance institutions (MFIs) from April 1 onward will be ...
Supporting Reserve Bank's hawkish stance on monetary policy, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said the increase in the key ...
Warning of tough times ahead, the RBI today raised the key short term lending rate and savings bank rates by 50 basis points ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 8 paise to Rs 44.41 against the US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has ranked its Andhra Pradesh Regional office at the top among ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) earned a net profit of Rs 238.32 crore in the last quarter of 2010-11, an improvement of ...
Like dematerialisation of securities, it will offer dual benefits of cost-effectiveness and convenience.
Surveys by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and other agencies project low GDP growth and high inflation.
With an eye on the adverse fallout of rising oil prices, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said the government’s ...
Asset price concerns remain as housing prices stay firm.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) expects inflation to remain above comfort levels in the current financial year.
It also said high ...
Public sector lender Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) plans to form a joint venture (JV) company to market in-house developed software ...
State-run lender Bank of India on Monday said it recorded net profit of Rs 494 crore in the quarter ended March 2011.
This was a ...
Private sector life insurer HDFC Life plans to raise funds through an initial public offering (IPO) of 10 per cent of the current ...
Overall volumes rise as OTC trades shift to exchanges after RBI rule change; smaller firms prefer hedging here.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said it did not expect an early respite from high inflation.
As a result, economic ...
A day before the monetary policy review for 2011-12, two crucial data showed robust growth in manufacturing and infrastructure, ...
Hinting at a hike in key policy rates to contain price rise, the Reserve Bank today warned that high inflation, driven by rising ...
State-run lender Bank of India (BoI) today reported a 15.5%increase in its net profit to Rs 493.6 crore for the fourth quarter ...
Mangalore-headquartered public sector lender Corporation Bank has posted a 10.6 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 345.3 crore ...
The State Bank of Mysore (SBM), an associate of the State Bank of India, is planning to raise around Rs 500 crore in the present ...
The yield on the 10-year benchmark 7.8 per cent government bond is expected to be above 8.1 per cent this week, owing to ...
The jury is still out on whether Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao will stick to the central bank’s ...
Bank of Maharashtra (BOM) today said that its total business rose to Rs 1,14,332.15-crore in fiscal 11 as compared to Rs ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) posted a net profit of Rs 450.35 crore for the quarter ended March, 2011, registering a growth of ...
With David Sokol no longer in the running to be his successor, Warren Buffett said on Saturday he expects whoever follows him as ...
Bank credit to all priority sectors, barring services and, micro and small enterprises, witnessed a slower growth during 2010-11 ...
State-owned Indian Bank plans to raise up to $500 million from overseas markets in the next four months to fund business growth.
Bank of Maharashtra (BOM) today said its total business rose to Rs 1,14,332.15 crore in 2010-11 as compared to Rs 1,04,230.22 ...
In order to augment its fee income component, private sector Yes Bank is on a spree of partnering with non-bank lenders catering ...
State Bank of Hyderabad on Saturday said its net profit for the year ended March 31, 2011, rose 42 per cent to Rs 1,166 crore. ...
Even as India talks about moving its banking into auditing system, that converges with international financial reporting ...
United Bank of India on Saturday reported a net profit of Rs 143.23 crore for the last quarter of 2010-11, compared with Rs 46.38 ...
The Standard Chartered Bank is set to ask three of its executives to go on leave following complaints made by a few high net ...
These products do not suit everyone even though they are flexible and facilitate investments in debt and equities.
Muthoot Capital Services Limited (MCSL), a Muthoot Pappachan group company, will soon launch an innovative loan ...
Health insurance portability, which will be allowed for individuals from July 1, should be extended to group medical policies, ...
Net profits of Dena Bank and Corporation Bank took a hit in the quarter ended March, as the public sector lenders provided for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued a showcause notice to Citibank India for the Rs 400-crore fraud by one of its ...
Prince William and Kate Middleton’s wedding — termed as the wedding of the decade — turned out to be the ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co and 14 other investment banks face a European Union (EU) antitrust probe into ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) posted a net profit of Rs 450.35 crore for the quarter ended March, 2011, registering a growth of ...
Amid concerns over high inflation and the possibility of hike in key policy rates,  Reserve Bank governor D Subbarao today ...
Gross domestic product rose at a 1.8 per cent annual rate from January through March after a 3.1 per cent pace in the last three ...
The interest rate on savings bank deposits, the last bastion of the administered rate of interest, is set to be deregulated, with ...
State-run lender Bank of Baroda on Thursday said its net profit rose 43 per cent to Rs 1,294 crore for the quarter ended March, ...
Public sector lender Vijaya Bank on Thurday reported a 58.5 per cent drop in its net profit at Rs 54.23 crore for the quarter ...
Mortgage lender LIC Housing Finance, on Thursday posted a net profit of Rs 314.8 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, up ...
“We are aiming to increase CASA (current account savings account) share to 30 per cent in the next two years.
We are also ...
Karnataka Bank Ltd has entered into a tieup with Way2Wealth Brokers Private Limited to launch an online trading facility. ...
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private lender, on Thursday reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 1,568 crore for the ...
Subscribers of retirement fund manager EPFO, settling their final claims before the new rate is announced for the current fiscal, ...
On March 15, the working group, chaired by RBI Executive Director Deepak Mohanty, had submitted its report, for which comments ...
At a time when rising prices are fast depleting the value of money, there may be some good news for millions of savers.
The ...
Axis Bank, India's third largest private sector lender, intends to scale up its international banking operations.
The bank ...
The claim
for such a vehicle has to be made in the same way as any other claim.
The owner must ensure that the theft is intimated ...
Switches are options given to policyholders of Ulips to move their investments from one fund to another, within one plan.
You can ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a penalty of up to Rs 5 lakh on two cooperative sector lenders — Bhuj ...
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has requested the the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to enquire into the conduct of two ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday came out with fresh norms for tightening the risk management of banks, asking them ...
With the Gujarat Venture Finance Limited (GVFL) receiving first tranche of Rs 200 crore from the state government, the venture ...
Plans joint venture with private ATM service providers.
Nearly seven weeks after a powerful earthquake and tsunami hit northeastern Japan, the Japanese economy is still struggling to ...
Robust growth in renewal premium collections helped SBI Life, the country’s second-largest private life insurer, report a ...
Federal Reserve policy makers said the economy is recovering at a “moderate pace” and a pickup in inflation is likely ...
A common and consistent set of regulations from a single regulator is necessary to revive Indian microfinance institutions ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to increase the number of its executive directors from seven to nine.
The two ...
The government has asked public sector
banks to increase lending to the agricultural sector.
When you buy a life insurance policy, the insurer levies a charge for the insurance protection upon death and to cover certain ...
Private lender YES Bank plans to raise debt of $75-100 million from overseas development finance institutions in the current ...
Ahead of Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) review of monetary policy on May 3, the microfinance industry has sought relaxations ...
India’s private equity (PE) industry is likely to record smooth exits from its investments in 2011, since most portfolio ...
The government has shortlisted candidates for top posts in eight public sector banks to replace the current chairmen and managing ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri on Tuesday said a rise in policy rates by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has fined 19 commercial banks, including the country’s largest, State Bank of India, for ...
When a leading private insurance company recently commissioned a market research agency to do a survey on India’s most ...
ING Life India, part of the ING Group, has tied up with Visakhapatnam District Central Co-op Bank in Andhra Pradesh.
China’s banking regulator set capital targets for the nation’s five biggest lenders above the minimum 11.5 percent ...
Three years before, I bought a pension plan (with a life cover) from a private life insurer.
Terms it financial inclusion, says top execs not members.
UBS AG, Switzerland’s largest bank, attracted the most new money from wealthy customers since the end of 2007 and reported ...
Despite robust collections in March, first-year premium collections by life insurance companies rose only 15.13 per cent in ...
Economists and industry experts favour a stronger dose of policy rate rise in May, as inflation continues to remain stubbornly ...
Banks will benefit from the changed norms as credit costs will come down.
Mahindra Finance, financial services arm of Mahindra & Mahindra, recorded 12 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 157 crore for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to raise key policy rates next month on account of continuing high inflation, a move ...
A frank evaluation by the World Bank’s internal auditors of a decade of efforts to help East Timor underscores the ...
Indian Bank has reported a 10.23 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 1,714 crore for the full year ended March 31, 2011, ...
The interest rates on short-term money market instruments are expected to move up, as liquidity may come under stress due to the ...
In another case of a regulated entity taking the regulator to court, the Gujarat Urban Co-operative Banks Federation (GUCBF) has ...
Bankers have turned down a request by microfinance institutions (MFIs) to create aRs 1,000-crore fund to help them recover from ...
Union Bank of India, the fifth largest public sector lender with over Rs 3.55 lakh crore in assets, has said its financial ...
The country second largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB), intends to finalise the partner for its life ...
Proposed fund-raising to raise bank’s overseas credit exposure by Rs 4,500 crore; bank’s net profit up 7 per cent.
State-owned Indian Bank plans to raise $1 billion (about Rs 4,500 crore) through overseas bonds to fund business growth, a top ...
It’s come as a body blow to shipping companies.
In a big relief to banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday relaxed the provisioning norms for bad loans, reducing the ...
Healthy growth in fee income helped Axis Bank log a 33 per cent rise in fourth-quarter net profit at Rs 1,020 crore, compared to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved, in principle, Axis Bank’s acquisition of select businesses of Enam ...
Mounting debt and depleting cash flow have put small and mid-sized microfinance institutions (MFIs) on the brink of bankruptcy, a ...
Bank aims to grow at 1.4X in FY12 and maintain NIMs between 3.25-3.5%.
Investments made by banks in mutual funds soared in the fortnight ended April 8, on the back of improved liquidity.
Banks are increasingly offering a range of tailor-made financial products; however, there are some downsides.
Ascendas India Development Trust (AIDT), the India-focused real estate fund floated by Singapore-based office space developer, is ...
US President Barack Obama may nominate Daniel M Gallagher, a former Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) official, as one of ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank plans to raise Rs 1,500 crore through private placement of bonds.
Though the bank is in talks ...
RuPay, an Indian payment gateway akin to Visa and MasterCard, is likely to be ready for rollout within 18 months.
National ...
Aspiring entrants to the insurance industry would now be required to start their ventures with a higher initial capital base than ...
Life insurance providers launch children’s plans all through the year, with variations.
Max New York’s College Plan, ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide up to $150 million (around Rs 690 crore) in credit guarantees to help India scale ...
Real estate private equity funds, which invested heavily in the Indian realty market in 2006-07, are seeing a large number of ...
Barclays Bank is likely to review its credit card business in India, following its decision to focus on secured retail assets.
Banks’ deposit growth accelerated to 17 per cent year-on-year in the fortnight ended April 8, as depositors expected ...
Private lender YES Bank on Wednesday said it planned to raise equity of up to $500 million in one or more tranches in the current ...
Private sector lender, ING Vysya Bank, on Wednesday posted a 34 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 91.3 crore for the quarter ...
Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited (Cibil), the agency gathering data on credit histories of individuals, has now made ...
Many big names of India Inc whose foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) are due for redemption this year are expected to ...
Barely a fortnight after Pratip Chaudhuri took charge as the chairman, State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to withdraw one of ...
When it comes to paying the annual or renewal premium on our policies, we want to avoid the botheration of visiting the insurance ...
Mortality rates can change for the same age, because of the difference in features.
IDBI Bank today reported net profit of Rs 516.25 crore in the quarter ended March 31, a rise of 62.13 per cent compared with the ...
The cycle of upward revision in key policy rates by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to be extended, owing to the high ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has increased its base rate – the reference rate for loans – by 25 basis points (bps) to ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, the fifth-biggest US bank by assets, posted a 21 per cent drop in profit, a smaller decline than ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke may keep reinvesting maturing debt into Treasuries to maintain record stimulus even after ...
National Bank for Agriculture and rural development (Nabard) disbursed Rs 2,513 core in Orissa in 2010-11, up by 10 per cent from ...
The children plan segment in the domestic life insurance industry is growing fast due to increasing awareness among consumers.
Citi promoted Mike Pringle to lead global equities trading as the lender overhauls the unit’s management to earn more from ...
Bank of America’s global banking and markets chief Thomas K Montag combined the division’s corporate and ...
The quality of assets of Citicorp International’s consumer credit business in India improved in the January-March period, ...
The volume of corporate debt issuances in the quarter ended March 31 declined by 50 per cent, compared to corporate debts issued ...
YES Bank has revived its plans of foraying into securities broking and aims to start operations in the current financial year. ...
Gold loan company Muthoot Finance Ltd, which is issuing 5.15 crore shares in an ongoing IPO, has said that the proceeds would ...
State-run Punjab & Sind Bank has reduced the interest rate by up to 1.25% on domestic term deposits of above Rs 1 crore.
Private sector lender HDFC Bank today said it has appointed Rakesh Singh as Head of its investment banking division.
Ahead of the monetary policy review on May 3, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Shyamala Gopinath today said inflation ...
Three months before, a close relative passed away.
The family, however, is still struggling to get the life insurance claim.
Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America Corp and bankers at the firms were acquitted by a Milan court in ...
The proposed merger of the State Bank of Mysore (SBM) with State Bank of India (SBI) should be smooth on the back of various ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender State Bank of Mysore (SBM) is planning to raise funds from the market through ...
Bank of America Merrill Lynch has sold out its Asia non-real estate private-equity assets to NewQuest Capital Partners, the Hong ...
Income from core operations and fees saw IndusInd Bank's net profit for the quarter ended March 31 soar 75.34 per cent to Rs ...
HDFC Bank today said its board had approved a 5-for-1 stock split to increase retail participation in the bank's shares.
One ...
HDFC Bank today reported net profit of Rs 1,114.7 crore for the quarter ended March 31, a rise of 33.2 per cent compared with the ...
Experts say the Rs will continue to rise against the dollar.
The issue of regulating pension products of insurance firms and mutual funds will not snowball into a major turf war between ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, is set to increase its base rate — the benchmark rate for ...
Yields on the new 10-year benchmark 7.80 per cent bond are expected to stay around eight per cent in the fortnight before the ...
State-run Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) raised $ 500 million (around Rs 2,250 crore) by way of senior unsecured bonds under its ...
The Reserve Bank of India has said global rebalancing will require deficit economies to save more and consume less, while ...
The headline inflation (WPI) stood at 8.98% for March, much above the RBI's projection of 8%, fuelling speculation that the ...
National Insurance Company today said it has clocked a 32.32% growth in its total premium income to Rs 6,115 crore in 2010-11, ...
The premiums are being revised after a gap of four years, the sector watchdog Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
Cheque transactions worth over Rs 7.97 lakh crore were carried out in the country during February, 2011, a growth of over 2.5% ...
Trading pattern of Raj Rajaratnam, founder of Galleon Group, was consistent with information that was already available to ...
The Chandigarh region of the bank comprises the states of Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, Chandigarh and parts of ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today raised the premium rates for third-party motor insurance policies ...
Bank of America (BofA), the largest US lender by assets, reported its first profit in three quarters and settled more claims tied ...
Get ready to pay more for the health cover provided by your company.
While renewing group health policies, an increasing number ...
State-owned Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today said it has raised $500 million (about Rs 2,250 crore) from overseas markets.
Xavier Durand has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of GE Capital Asia Pacific region.
The government bond prices dropped further due to persistent selling pressure from banks and corporates, while call rates ...
Almost a third of loans that banks have given to microfinance institutions (MFI) have been admitted for restructuring.
This ...
The Manipal-based public sector Syndicate Bank plans to raise up to $1 billion through Medium Term Notes (MTN) to strengthen ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today launched its Industrial Outlook Survey for April-June, 2011 period to gauge the progress of ...
If softening deposit rates are any cue, auto and home loan borrowers can breathe easy as lending rates may come down or remain at ...
With the addition of four district cooperative banks, Credit Information Bureau India Ltd (CIBIL),  a credit ...
Nabard has sanctioned Rs 20 crore to the Himachal Pradesh government for rural infrastructure projects in the hill state. ...
“We will cover all villages above 2,000 population under the financial inclusion programme by 2012,” S Sridhar, ...
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s biggest lender, plans to alter the status of its main US subsidiary in response to capital ...
European regulators will scrutinise banks’ calculations for losses on sovereign debt held to maturity when carrying out ...
Amid their widening investigation into banks suspected of facilitating offshore tax evasion by wealthy Americans, the federal ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, the second-biggest US bank by assets, said profit rose 67 per cent to a second straight record as ...
Banks are likely to report good growth in earnings in the fourth quarter ended March 2011, owing to higher credit growth and a ...
Bank of America, one of the largest banks in the US, can continue to lend to Reliance Industries (RIL), the largest Indian ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) on Wednesday said its net profit for the fourth quarter (January-March) of 2010-11 was Rs 11.35 ...
Business correspondents, which partner banks in their financial inclusion programmes, are planning to raise funds from private ...
Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services registered a 61 per cent decline in net profit to Rs 2.92 crore for the quarter ended March ...
Two weeks after Reliance Industries (RIL) announced its entry into financial services through a joint venture with New York-based ...
Punjab National Bank announced the opening of its 117 branches throughout the country to celebrate its 117th foundation day ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) is planning a five-fold increase in the initial capital requirement for new housing finance ...
The country's second-largest public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said there is an upward pressure on interest ...
IDBI Home Finance (IHFL) today said it has got approval from the Corporate Affairs Ministry for merging with its parent IDBI
After requests by public sector banks, the government has given a six-month extension for classifying non-performing assets ...
ICICI wants inclusion of securitised loans, while Axis, IndusInd and YES Bank oppose this.
Indian Bank has set up its first e-banking lounge, launched here by C Rangarajan, chairman, Prime Minister’s Economic ...
Finance Ministry will hold annual performance review of public sector banks here on April 26 to evaluate various aspects ...
The Master Circular on Housing Finance (“Housing Circular”) issued by RBI specifically deals with the conditions on ...
In the summer of 2007, as the first tremors of the coming financial crisis were being felt on Wall Street, top executives of ...
Ring-fencing from exposure to sister companies, limit on exposure to non-financial sectors to feature in new guidelines.
After Union Bank of India and State Bank of India, another government-run lender, IDBI Bank, is planning to raise funds in Swiss ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank will acquire the credit card business of Deutsche Bank’s Indian operations for a little ...
Increasing food consumption and the disposable incomes of Indian consumers are attracting greater private equity (PE) investments ...
Moral hazard in the financial system “looms larger than ever before,” even after the Dodd-Frank law gave US federal ...
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) on Monday warned health insurance, motor insurance and other general ...
At a time when the government-owned general insurance companies are reeling under heavy underwriting losses, the General ...
The finance ministry today said the draft guidelines on new banking licence with provisions to allow entry of corporates would be ...
Transactions worth Rs 6,212.92 crore were carried out in the country through credit cards in February 2011, registering a growth ...
Market watchdog Sebi has sought the government's permission to tap phones during its probe into suspected financial ...
"The proportion of sale of ULIP products has certainly come down.
When compared to last year, ULIP business has gone down
by ...
Insurance regulator Irda today said that policy holders would gradually have to pay more for motor, health and other general ...
Mortgage assignments in India have not been very prevalent because of the long term nature of the underlying loans, complexities ...
The bond market rallied on Friday as the government’s borrowing plan for the financial year 2011-12 began.
Yields are ...
Karnataka Bank has announced that its branch strength will touch the 500 figure mark from the present 478, this fiscal.
India is likely to count among the top three life insurance and 15 general insurance markets in the world by 2020.
However, ...
Amid introduction of illegal online forex trade by certain companies, the Reserve Bank has asked credit card issuing companies to ...
New Delhi, Apr 10 (PTI) Industry body Assocham has said that deregulation of interest rates on saving accounts would ...
India's insurance sector, which is witnessing a rapid growth, is likely to touch about $400 billion in premium income by 2020, ...
In addition, buy Ulip health plans offered by life insurers or invest systematically in mutual funds to create a corpus.
Royal Bank of Canada, Canada’s largest lender, may get as much as $3.7 billion in the sale of its US consumer bank, a ...
State Bank of India (SBI) would try to increase its market share in deposits and loans, without taking a hit on its margins and ...
Private equity (PE) investment in infrastructure companies stood at $600 million worldwide in the January-March period, a decline ...
The insurance industry is opposed to the idea of a healthcare regulator under the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has signed a Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with 10 Cooperative banks ...
Reserve Bank of India has slammed penalty to four cooperative banks in Gujarat for violation of statutory guidelines by not ...
State Bank of India's (SBI) new Chairman Pratip Chaudhuri today said it would continue with the policy of amalgamation of its ...
In what is reflective of banks' increasing thrust on using the cheaper automated teller machines (ATM) channel for service ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 19 paise to Rs 44.01 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported by steady ...
Bankers say the additional liquidity support is not needed as of now, as the liquidity pressure has eased.
PremjiInvest, Wipro Chairman Azim Premji’s $1-billion private and public equity fund, has reportedly raised its stake in ...
Though the easing of short-term rates and the parking of surplus funds by banks through the reverse repo (the rate at which RBI ...
Reserve bank of India (RBI) officials on Thursday met representatives from non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and associations ...
Bajaj Financial Solutions Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bajaj Finserv Limited, announced its foray into the wealth ...
Ending the uncertainty over senior appointments at State Bank of India (SBI), Pratip Chaudhuri on Thursday took over the ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, may have a managing director (MD) for its international ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Canara Bank has launched four products to provide cashless services to the ...
The escalating tensions in Bahrain following the recent unrest in West Asia and North Africa have prompted Indian banks to put on ...
The Bank of Japan said it will offer ¥1 trillion ($12 billion) in one-year loans to alleviate cash shortages in the wake of ...
The Bank of England kept its benchmark interest rate at a record low as policy makers judged the need to aid the recovery took ...
European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet left the door open for further interest-rate increases to tame inflation ...
Bandhan, the country's fourth-largest microfinance institution (MFI), managed to sell about Rs 400 crore of its portfolio to ...
‘BBB-’ and short-term rating as ‘A-3’ on good prospects of economic growth and a strong external
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has disallowed sale of high-value unit-linked insurance products ...
Private life insurer Aviva today announced the launch of three child plans in the Uttar Pradesh market.
The govrement has cleared appoinment of P Choudhary as new chairman of State Bank of India.
The cabinet committee has approve the ...
Officials from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday met industry representatives and discussed the current industry ...
Bank loans registered a growth of 21.38 per cent in 2010-11, while deposit growth stood at 15.84 per cent, according to data ...
Kolkata-based non-banking financial company, Magma Fincorp, today said it has received the first phase of licence from the ...
A total refinance support of Rs 3,680.70 crore was extended by National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development towards ...
Commerzbank AG (CBK) and Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP), the number-two banks in Germany and Italy, respectively, plan to raise ...
A European bank that received the most Federal Reserve discount window help during the financial crisis also took $381 billion in ...
Fixed deposit rates are likely to come down soon as liquidity in the market has improved while credit demand has not seen much ...
Credit offtake from public and private banks grew by over 21.5% in the one-year period ended March 25, indicating an upswing in ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 18 paise to Rs 44.24 against the US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange ...
The proposal to restructure the debt of Zoom Developers, the engineering procurement and construction company, has fallen ...
Bandhan, the country's fourth-largest microfinance institution (MFI), managed to sell about Rs 400 crore of its portfolio to ...
The Reserve Bank on Tuesday asked banks to ensure that foreign airlines do not use overseas banks for settling India ticket sale ...
In a bid to become a financial powerhouse, Kishore Biyani-promoted Future Capital Holdings (FCH) is planning to set up 100 ...
Central Bank of India and Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) have reduced their interest rates on term deposits.
This is the first ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has penalised two Gujarat-based cooperative banks for violation of guidelines.
Mehsana Urban ...
After pension plans, the insurance regulator might take a second look at the unit-linked guidelines as well.
The Life Insurance ...
In a sign of easing liquidity, banks parked their excess money with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on the first day of market ...
Cautioning against the adverse impact of a steep rise in policy rates, top bankers on Tuesday told the Reserve Bank of India ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Tuesday said India cannot risk accepting high inflation as the new ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today cautioned public against any mail asking for bank account details of individuals in its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to bring out a roadmap to introduce a holding company structure for banks soon.
This ...
The cooperative banking sector is gearing up for a makeover, with greater participation of cooperative societies in banking ...
Muthoot Housing Finance Company, a part of the Kerala-based Muthoot Pappachan Group, is in talks with International Finance ...
Debt recast seems the only option for cash-strapped microfinance institutions (MFIs) to secure funds, as banks and financial ...
The deputy governors of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are known to rarely, if ever, let anyone know what’s on their ...
Redemptions worth Rs 2 lakh crore in certificates of deposit (CDs) are lined up in the first quarter of the current financial ...
Credit rating agency Fitch downgraded Portugal on Friday saying the debt-laden country needed a bailout, while rival agency ...
Jean-Claude Trichet’s shot against inflation may end up inflicting collateral damage on Europe’s most cash-strapped ...
Non-food credit from scheduled commercial banks went up by 22.8% to over Rs 35 lakh crore for the one-year period ending February ...
The interest rates on short-term debt instruments such as call money and certificates of deposits (CDs) are set to fall this ...
Almost half of the 82 regional rural banks (RRBs) in the country would be recapitalised, with the infusion of Rs 2,200 crore in ...
At the height of the financial crisis, the Federal Reserve allowed the world’s largest banks to turn more than $118 billion ...
The Federal Reserve warned that releasing details of its lending could lead to a rapid loss of public confidence in borrowers and ...
With the sparkling diamond business in Surat stealing time away, diamantaires could hardly manage frequent visits and long hours ...
Berkshire Hathaway executive David Sokol’s resignation points to “governance challenges” at the company and may ...
Goldman Sachs Group awarded Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lloyd C Blankfein $19 million in compensation for 2010, almost ...
Account for 70% borrowings during week when use of discount window touched record high.
At a time when the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering whether to allow business houses to enter the banking business, ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has set a target of sanctioning Rs 7,800 crore in Andhra Pradesh ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has executed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with all the ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will extend up to $250 million for a metro rail system in Bangalore that will bring substantial ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 38.62 crore as loan assistance to the ...
The formal appointment of the State Bank of India (SBI) chairman has been delayed due to procedural irregularities in selection ...
State-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said it has allotted 2.7 crore shares to the government of India on a preferential basis, ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today revised interest rates for deposits by non-resident Indians (NRIs) ...
State-owned Union Bank of India today said the government approved re-appointment of its Chairman and Managing Director MV Nair ...
It is a benefit for those who have not claimed insurance during the preceding year of cover.
It means the premium they would pay ...
Poor underwriting results over recent years, following the deregulation of rate-setting, has led rating agency Standard & ...
Receipts from communication services pulled down India’s current account deficit (CAD) by almost 24 per cent to $9.7 ...
However, inflows under foreign direct investment (FDI) and short-term trade credits moderated in the three months.
In what comes as relief for the private equity industry, the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy unveiled by the Department of ...
Banks have experienced strong demand for loans from non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and from the real estate sector during ...
Emerging-market borrowers completed the busiest ever start to a year, selling $195 billion of bonds on international markets to ...
The Union government has appointed R Sridharan, managing director of State Bank of India (SBI), as acting chairman.
O P Bhatt ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has extended its ‘teaser rate’ home loan scheme — a popular, yet controversial ...
Moody’s Investors Service said it can’t rule out further credit downgrades for euro-region nations because the ...
For most of its 98-year history, the Federal Reserve has operated with all the transparency and enthusiasm for change of the ...
As OP Bhatt hangs up his boots today after a five-year innings at the helm of affairs of country's biggest lender State Bank of ...
Making payments through cheques may become a costlier affair from tomorrow, as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed banks ...
The government today said that ICICI Bank and other lenders whose more than 50% equity is owned by overseas entities will be ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today opened its 25,000th ATM and the 9,000th semi-urban branch, and said it will add 10,000 ATMs ...
India's third largest private lender Axis Bank plans to open 22 new branches in Tamil Nadu, taking the total number in the ...
The rural population in Orissa is unaware of the role and scope of insurance ombudsman and hence, there is a need for concerted ...
The banking sector in Andhra Pradesh is facing a double whammy from mounting non-performing assets (NPAs) in the priority sector, ...
The Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) on Wednesday said its corpus of about Rs 3.5 lakh crore will now be managed only ...
Outgoing chairman of State Bank India, O P Bhatt, continues to defend the bank’s home loan product against the central ...
After witnessing pressure on fiscal health for two years, state governments budgeted for higher growth in tax revenues and ...
India’s 11-year bonds fell for a second day on speculation of investors paring holdings of securities before government ...
The government has infused Rs 1,739.99 crore into Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC). This will increase the government’s ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on some banks which are violating agreements with borrowers while ...
Indian commercial banks are reluctant to participate in the proposed Indo-African export fund, owing to a limited pool of ...
The free ride enjoyed by motor insurance claimants is set to end, with the government deciding to fix some loopholes in the ...
High-end travel insurance policies offer benefits such as burglary cover, emergency cash and even lavish dinners.
The Irish government may be forced to take controlling stakes in Bank of Ireland and Irish Life & Permanent, the last of the ...
Outgoing State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman OP Bhatt today strongly defended the special home loan rates (teaser rates) on which ...
About 220 branches were added to the network in the last few months.
The Indian rupee strengthened by 6 paise to Rs 44.72 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported by a higher ...
European banks are being forced to sell more long-term bonds as regulators seek to prevent another financial crisis.
European ...
In the past year, insurance companies, especially in the life segment, have found the going difficult.
With the regulator, the ...
SKS Microfinance, the country’s largest micro-lender, said it had securitised microfinance loans worth Rs 610 crore with ...
State-run Andhra Bank today said the government has infused Rs 1,172 crore into the bank as part of recapitalisation package.
He will succeed OP Bhatt, who will be superannuating as Chairman of State Bank of India on March 31, an IBA relesae said here ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants commercial banks to view financial inclusion as a business opportunity and not a social ...
The Micro Finance (Development and Regulation) Bill proposes to cover all types of microfinance institutions (MFIs).
FDI in the Act has delayed the issue of raising the 26% cap for pvt insurers, as it requires govt nod.
Axis Bank has withdrawn its proposal to induct Vallabh Bhansali, co-founder and chairman of Enam Securities, on the board, ...
The next time you fall short of cash while on a shopping spree, you may not have to rush to the nearest automated teller machine ...
With rising break-ins in their neighbourhood, Brendan and Alexia are looking at locking away their valuables in a safe deposit ...
The banking sector in Karnataka is lagging in implementing the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) ambitious programme of ...
Bank-promoted life insurance companies to expand agent base, finding no alternative to attract new business.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) opened its 88th branch in Orissa at the campus of the city-based Siksha 'O' Anusandhan Deemed to be ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has reiterated its concern on inflation due to rise in oil prices, said bankers who interacted ...
Likely extension beyond March, with rise in interest rates.
Mumbai, Mar 28 (PTI) Standard Chartered Bank, today said that it has launched its SME Banking World Debit Card, a ...
The rupee depreciated by 10 paise to 44.77 per US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, snapping a ...
After the sanctioning of education loans, the public and private sector commercial bankers have shown almost no interest in ...
Follows RBI discomfort with quid pro quo pact.
Union Bank of India, lead bank for Ernakulam district, has set up its first Financial Literacy and Credit Counselling Centre ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has opened a self-service banking centre in Hyderabad to increase customer convenience and provide 24/7 ...
Expressing concern over high costs and limited reach of banking services, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said that the ...
Seeking to expand its presence in overseas markets, state owned-UCO Bank plans to open more branches in the South East Asian ...
State-owned Union Bank of India plans to enter the wealth management business in partnership with a foreign player to increase ...
Wells Fargo & Co, the bank with the biggest US branch network, will no longer enroll customers in debit-card rewards ...
Instead, start early and invest regularly across asset classes to accumulate the required corpus for funding goals.
US Federal Reserve policy makers should review whether to complete a second round of quantitative-easing purchasing due to end in ...
Treasuries dropped, pushing 10-year note yields up the most in almost two months, as concern eased that Japan’s nuclear ...
Apparel maker and retailer Koutons Retail’s proposal to recast its debt had been admitted by the corporate debt ...
Thrissur-based Dhanlaxmi Bank has received the Reserve Bank of India’s green signal to raise Rs 1,000 crore as capital in ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, on Friday said it was planning to raise about $1 billion (Rs ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it is planning to raise $1 billion (about Rs 4,500 crore) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said a high level of non-performing assets (NPAs) has been a stumbling block for banks ...
Credit Suisse Group AG, Switzerland’s second-biggest bank, cut total compensation for CEO Brady Dougan 34 per cent for 2010 ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance, a 74:26 joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and the French-headquartered AXA Group, plans to ...
India’s third largest private lender, Axis Bank, aims to lend more to farmers in 2011-12, to improve its share of ...
Around Rs 2 lakh crore of redemptions lined up for financial year 2015-16.
With the Union government and the Reserve Bank of ...
The government, for now, has sought to put to rest the issue of who is to regulate mergers and acquisitions (M&A) in the ...
A sale of the British taxpayer’s £65.8-billion ($107 billion) stake in Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of ...
Punjab National Bank would issue 1.51 million shares to the government on a preferential basis, at Rs 1,218.8 apiece, the bank ...
Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co had been asked by US regulators to make ...
Thirty of Spain’s smaller banks had their senior debt and deposit ratings downgraded, as Moody’s Investors Service ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein checks his bank’s profit daily, prefers voice mail to ...
Following feedback from insurers, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is likely to tone down the ...
The government will infuse Rs 184 crore in Punjab National Bank (PNB) as recapitalisation package to shore up the bank's equity ...
State-run Bank of India (BoI) today said the government has infused about Rs 1,010 crore into the bank's equity capital, taking ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today launched Interbank Mobile Payment Service (IMPS) for its customers.
The Indian rupee strengthened marginally by 2 paise to Rs 44.83 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported by ...
Reliance Venture Asset Management, the venture capital arm of Reliance ADA Group, on Wednesday announced its exit from portfolio ...
A vigo Capital Partners, the Delhi-based private equity company with focus on mid-market investments, is in the final stages of ...
Andhra Bank has no plans to raise the interest rates soon and will take a call on the issue next financial year.
Global banking major HSBC is sounding out its shareholders on a proposed revision of its executive pay plans, which could see its ...
The Aditya Birla Financial Services Group has announced expansion of its investment team at Aditya Birla Private Equity, naming ...
The acquisition of State Bank of Indore by State Bank of India (SBI) last year was in public interest, the Rajya Sabha was ...
Europe’s banking system would need as much as ¤250 billion ($355 billion) of new capital if faced with a ...
Banks must garner Rs 1.5 lakh cr in last fortnight this yr to meet 18% growth target.
The bumper listing of State Bank of India’s (SBI) retail bond issue has put life back into the primary market.
Investors, ...
The Asian Development Bank’s (ADB’s) backing for bank loans to microfinance companies in India will come with a
Nippon Life’s plan to buy a stake in Reliance Life may be delayed as the deal requires special permission from the ...
Public sector lenders, United Bank of India and Allahabad Bank, on Wednesday obtained the shareholders’ approval for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) asked banks to have extended working hours on March 30 and 31, 2011, to facilitate receipt of ...
Anil Ambani group firm Reliance Life, which recently announced selling 26% stake to Japanese insurer Nippon for $680 million, ...
State-run Union Bank of India, which plans to set up a subsidiary in the United Kingdom and a branch in Australia and Belgium, is ...
The government today said the merger of State Bank of Indore with the State Bank of India (SBI) is in public interest.
The Indian rupee fell by 5 paise to 45.01 per US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, weighed down by ...
Private lender IndusInd Bank is likely to acquire the local credit card business of Deutsche Bank to mark its entry into the ...
US billionaire investor Warren Buffett, whose group recently entered the Indian insurance market, will meet the Insurance ...
Under the financial inclusion plan, Bank of Baroda (BOB) has decided to harness the mobile banking van (MBV) route to provide ...
Future Generali India Insurance Company, a joint venture between the Future Group and the Italy-based Generali Group, is eyeing ...
On foreign capital, says RBI prefers long-term FDI flows over portfolio ones.
Crisis in Japan forces government to brace for similar challenge.
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s biggest bank, lost a case over interest-rate swaps in the first ruling by Germany’s ...
Rush if you want to park money in a fixed deposit that offers the highest rate.
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said lending rates will remain steady even as credit demand would ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 3 paise to Rs 44.98 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported by a higher ...
State Bank of India (SBI) needs to be larger in terms of capital infusion, SBI Chairman OP Bhatt said in the historic village of ...
Certificates of Deposit (CDs) maturing in the first week of April are being traded at yields above 11 per cent in the secondary ...
Despite growing expectations of interest rate hikes by banks following the central bank’s 25 basis points hike in key ...
Out of Rs 10613.60 crore earmarked for this sector in the current fiscal, the advances of all banks- PSU banks, private banks, ...
The gross premium income of the general insurance industry grew 22.6 per cent in February, as compared to the year-ago period.
Mangalore crash, higher global reinsurance rates drive up airlines’ premiums.
Say they’ll wait as higher rates may limit borrowers’ repayment capacity.
Hyderabad Angels, a group of entrepreneurs who invest their own capital, on Friday announced an investment of Rs 2 crore in a ...
Standard Chartered Bank (Mauritius) Ltd has picked up a 3 per cent stake in the Bombay Stock Exchange-promoted currency exchange, ...
Muthoot Finance Ltd (MFL), which proposes to launch an Initial Public Offering (IPO) soon, has received a rating of 'four on ...
Non-banking finance company Sundaram Finance today forayed into Infrastructure Management Services business (IMS) with the launch ...
Increasing raw material cost and rising salary bill eroded the profitability of India Inc during April-September period of the ...
Aviva Life Insurance today announced a tie up with Suvidhaa, pioneer of the Services Commerce (‘S-Commerce’) ...
Private sector lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank today announced the implementation of financial-inclusion drive in Tamil Nadu through an ...
Private sector lender, ICICI Bank Ltd, in association with Intuit, a global business and personal finance management solutions ...
The gross premium income of the general insurance industry grew by 22.66% in February compared to the year before.
Corporates looking to enter the banking business will have wait for some more time, as the government is considering amendment of ...
Standard Chartered Bank became the first foreign bank to invest in United Stock Exchange (USE) after it bought 3% stake in the ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 11 paise to Rs 45.02 per dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, ...
The call money rate that has been hovering above seven per cent levels for the past week on tight liquidity due to advance tax ...
Says they can’t lend liquidity adjustment facility funds in overnight money market.
The strongest export growth in 11 months and forecasts that the rupee will deliver the best returns in the world are luring ...
US bank investors may be rewarded with an extra $22 billion annually, after government tests showed the industry has regained ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender Karnataka Bank Ltd today signed an agreement with Bartronics India Ltd for providing ...
IDBI Bank plans to increase its lending to mid-size companies by 15 to 20 per cent annually in the medium term to grab higher ...
State Bank of India (SBI) raised around Rs 1,500 crore via certificates of deposit (CDs) in the past two days.
Following the huge ...
On the back of a surge from the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the first-year premium collection by life insurance ...
The government will infuse Rs 1,173 crore into state-run lender Andhra Bank as part of recapitalisation plan to shore up equity ...
Boston Consultancy Group (BCG), along with top industry body CII, has come out with a 15-point agenda on how to convert a Rs ...
The reserves had surged $1.8 billion
the week before to $302.59 billion.
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today said it is unlikely to increase its deposit and lending rates in the next one ...
The government has decided to infuse Rs 670 crore in Allahabad Bank as against Rs 292 crore advised earlier.
This will raise the ...
The government is considering giving more teeth to the Reserve Bank of India to deal with banking sector problems before ...
The Indian rupee rose by 13 paise to Rs 45.05 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported by higher opening in ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank today announced implementation of financial inclusion in Tamil Nadu through an extension of its banking ...
Allahabad Bank has entered into a tie-up arrangement with Kirti Solar Ltd in Kolkata on the 16 March, 2011 to facilitate bank ...
The Reserve bank of India’s rate hike was on expected lines, Bank of India Chairman and Managing Director Alok K Misra said ...
Bank of India has said its shareholders had approved capital infusion of over Rs 1,000 crore from the government by way of ...
United Bank of India (UBI) on Thursday said it was expecting the government to infuse Rs 308 crore into the bank by the end of ...
Axis Bank, the country’s third largest private lender, was likely to complete the acquisition of Enam Securities in the ...
Rather than counting on the government for additional capital, banks need to grow their balance sheets by raising capital from ...
Will ensure due diligence while extending loans, lenders affirm.
Diebold India, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Diebold, Incorporated announced the signing of a two-year managed services agreement ...
The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index of stocks has climbed 18 per cent since he said August 27 that additional asset ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed non-banking finance companies (NBFC) to classify credit extended to 'telecom tower' ...
State-owned lender Bank of India today said its shareholders have approved capital; infusion of over Rs 1,000 crore from the ...
Banks today asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for preservation of priority sector status for the micro lending sector, ...
Terming the RBI's move to raise key policy rates by 25 basis points as in-line with market expectations, analysts said the apex ...
Starting with Power Finance Corp, the government is all set to launch its disinvestment programme for the next financial year. ...
Owing to improved asset quality, increasing net interest margins and higher operational efficiency, non-banking financial ...
India’s largest mortgage lender, Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), has been included by New York’s ...
SKS Microfinance, the country’s largest microfinance lender, on Wednesday said it would not participate in the corporate ...
Apprehensive about the July 1 switch, say there are issues to be addressed.
Life Insurance Corporation of India, the country largest insurer, is in talks with the government to modify its investment norms ...
State Bank of India plans to open financial inclusion centres (FIC) in all the 23 districts of the state and appoint business ...
Nearly 170 deals worth $6 billion took place in this space last year.
Also intends to bring actively managed on-shore funds to India.
Mukesh Ambani is set to become the first non-American citizen to join the board of Bank of America Corporation, following his ...
PTC India Financial Services (PFS), a unit of PTC India, on Wednesday said it would allot 2.35 crore shares to anchor investors ...
A day before the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announces its mid-quarter review of monetary policy, banks have borrowed Rs 1,33,205 ...
The Mumbai-based custodian released on Wednesday a payment of Rs 2,195 crore, recovered from the sale of Harshad Mehta’s ...
HDFC is the only Indian company which has managed to find a place in the world's most ethical companies' list this year.
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it has raised Rs 5,496.9 crore from retail bonds to fund its ...
The Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has entered into an agreement with Malawi for providing a $50 million line of credit ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 5 paise to Rs 45.20 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported by a higher ...
The Bank of Japan’s step to provide short-term liquidity and expand an asset-purchase programme failed to contain investor ...
Banks operating in the state- public sector banks, regional rural banks (RRBs) and cooperative banks continue to struggle with ...
Leading multinational banks have paid more advance tax in the fourth quarter of the current financial year, indicating a good ...
Functioning to be hit if recommendations accepted, say bankers.
The finance ministry on Tuesday said it was actively considering establishing a regulatory framework to deal with the concerns of ...
Vikram Pandit, who steered Citigroup Inc through a $45-billion government bailout, has staked his bank’s future on emerging ...
The Ministry of Finance and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) officials would decide on the borrowing calendar for April-September on ...
Witnessing slowdown in business, the microfinance industry has said banks were shying away from advancing loans to them.
The Ministry of Finance has received the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) draft guidelines on new banking licences.
The rupee slid for the third time in four days as Japan’s earthquake and nuclear accident prompted investors to favor the ...
Speculation that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will hike key policy rates in its mid-quarterly policy review on Thursday pushed ...
ICICI Securities has launched Research Suite — a comprehensive research offering for capital markets and private equity ...
The high government cash balance, which has often created uncertainty in liquidity conditions, could now be auctioned to reduce ...
Reactivation of Bank Rate, 150 bps LAF corridor among recommendations.
Lenders to microfinance institutions (MFIs) have approached the Corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR) mechanism for seven large ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group today suggested that the short-term lending rate (repo) be made the single policy ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India plans to outsource work for the installation and upkeep of 1,000 ATMs as part of its ...
Ahead of the mid-quarter review of monetary policy on March 17, State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt said in Lucknow on ...
“To provide momentum and impetus to mobile-based financial transactions, the charge has been brought down from 25 paise as ...
PTC India Financial Services (PFS) has fixed the price band for its initial public offering (IPO) at Rs 26-28 a share, which ...
Disbursement of cheques to the remaining 389 depositors of Krushi Urban Cooperative Bank, which is under liquidation, will be ...
Shriram Transport Finance Co, an Indian truck financier backed by Fidelity Investments, may borrow as much as Rs 3,000 crores ...
State Bank of India, the nation’s biggest lender, is poised to name 36-year veteran Pratip Chaudhuri as its new chairman.
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) plans to raise Rs 5,300 crore from infrastructure bonds opened for subscription on February 24, a ...
The new base rate is 8.7 per cent and the BPLR has been revised to 17.25%.
Booming economy, matured regulatory framework luring lenders, analysts reckon.
The Bank of Japan (BoJ) poured a record amount of cash into the financial system and doubled the size of its asset-purchase plan ...
Ahead of the mid-quarter review of the monetary policy by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on March 17, State Bank of India (SBI) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may go in for yet another hike of key interest rates by 25 basis points at its policy review ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 5 paise to Rs 45.19 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported by a higher ...
Yields on the benchmark 7.80 per cent government bond maturing in 2020 are seen range-bound, ahead of the mid-quarter policy ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender, Vijaya Bank is planning to expand its corporate branch network in the country by opening ...
In initial signs of easing liquidity, the rates on certificates of deposit (CDs) have cooled from 10 per cent levels.
The message is loud and clear out there - change or perish.
With opening of Indian financial sector to private players two ...
Expect rate rise pause, amid market expectations to the contrary.
The total number of branches of the 32 foreign banks operating in India as on March 31, 2010, stood at 306, which is a small rise ...
The country's second largest private sector lender, HDFC Bank, has decided to hike fixed deposit rates by up to 100 basis points ...
Germany and France are fighting global rules that would force lenders like Deutsche Bank AG and BNP Paribas SA to reveal their ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Saturday directed the general insurance companies to augment the ...
Perched on a chair overlooking a wood panel-lined room in Dublin’s High Court, a bespectacled Judge Elizabeth Dunne has ...
Japan’s central bank pledged to ensure financial stability after the nation’s strongest earthquake on record forced ...
European and US reinsurers may sidestep costs tied to Japan’s strongest earthquake in a century as the country’s ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is jointly working with other regulators to enhance norms for wealth ...
The Financial Inclusion Plan (FIP) in Orissa is progressing at a sluggish rate.
Out of the 1878 unbanked villages identified in ...
Urge Irda for a 3-5 yrs horizon to adopt revised norms on Ulips.
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt is visiting Lucknow on March 14 on the occasion of the completion of 150 years of ...
Japan’s central bank pledged to ensure financial stability after the strongest earthquake in at least a century forced ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is considering allowing insurers to trade in gold exchange-traded funds ...
The interest rates on big-ticket deposits may ease from April on the back of improvement in liquidity and fall in credit demand ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves surged by $1.8-billion to $302.59-billion driven by a healthy increase in foreign ...
Premiums to be reset every year.
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, and the Anil Ambani Group are looking at CLSA and Cheuvreux, the ...
The Bank of England kept its benchmark interest rate at a record low as policy makers chose to set aside concerns on rising ...
Kotak Mahindra Group plans to launch a $300-million private equity (PE) fund.
The fund
will raise capital from domestic and ...
Govt borrowing calendar to decide timing; meeting likely this month on schedule.
Concerned over the rampant mis-selling of guaranteed products — especially net asset value (NAV) ones — of life ...
A fter acquiring the wealth management business of iTrust Financial Advisors, Karvy Private Wealth (KPW) is revamping operations ...
Addressing media persons here, Ajai Kumar, executive director, UCO Bank said, “We have set a total business target of Rs ...
19 districts in Orissa have CD ratio below RBI norm of 60.
The Credit-Deposit (CD) ratio of public sector banks in the state, ...
Out of the total ACP of Rs 12677.77 crore, the banks have achieved credit flow of Rs 10682.63 crore by the end of December last ...
The country's largest bank State Bank of India (SBI) today said it is likely come out with Rs 20,000 crore rights issue in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to hike its repo rate in two tranches by 0.25% each in a bid to rein-in high ...
Financial service group Centrum Capital (CCL) today said it is expecting to maintain a 30% growth in revenue in 2011-12, ...
Those investing in unit-linked pension plans will now have more options.
The insurance regulator is planning to come out with ...
Fearing possible involvement of illicit money in dealings by jewellers and bullion dealers, the Reserve Bank of India has asked ...
The employee strength of foreign banks in India dropped by over six per cent in 2010, with as many as 19 of the 32 overseas ...
With a deterioration in the loan portfolio quality of some micro finance institutions, banks have asked MFIs to replace weak ...
Banks have registered a credit growth of 23.2 per cent
for the year till February 25, while deposits grew by 16.4 per cent.
“The total credit flow to SHGs from banks is expected to touch Rs 11,000 crore from the present Rs 7,000 crore next ...
China may deflect international pressure for faster yuan appreciation by reporting the nation’s smallest trade surplus in ...
Blackstone Group LP’s Timothy Coleman helped Ford Motor Co avoid bankruptcy and a taxpayer bailout as the automaker ...
High crude oil prices, widening current account gap and political uncertainty may keep the rupee weak in the near term even as ...
Volumes touch as much as Rs 8,000 cr in a day as banks vie to shore up deposits.
The country's oldest foreign bank HSBC India today revised upwards its minimum lending rate by 50 basis points to 8.5%.
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ), the largest associate bank of SBI, today said its board has cleared the proposal of ...
Financial sector conglomerate HDFC is planning to monetise some of its non-core investments over the next 6-12 months to garner a ...
Fearing possible involvement of illicit money in dealings by jewellers and bullion dealers, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
Private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank today raised base rate, or the minimum lending rate, by 50 basis points (bps) to 8.75% in ...
The total headcount of foreign banks in India went down by over 6% in 2010, with as many as 19 out of the 32 overseas lenders ...
The government on Tuesday said the Income Tax department and the Directorate of Enforcement (ED) had initiated investigations ...
With less than a month left to close their books for FY11 accounting, banks are further hiking interest rates to mobilise ...
Better economic environment, demand boost confidence.
Magma Fincorp, a non-banking finance company (NBFC) funding equipment and small and medium enterprises, plans to securitise an ...
The impoverished Bundelkhand region in Uttar Pradesh remains laggard in utilising development funds sanctioned by National Bank ...
Had turned down a US PE offer to buy its infra fund, citing low valuation.
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) has announced corporate equity financing of up to $15 million (around Rs 69 crore) to ...
Federal Bank has launched the Interbank Mobile Payment Service (IMPS), a real-time fund transfer facility through mobile phone, ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) has entered into an agreement with TimesofMoney, a Times group company to launch LVB India Remit, a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has formed a working group to examine issues pertaining to the regulation of non-banking ...
Companies going back to banks as base rates
are lower than prevailing CP rates.
All 3 Ulips launched post-regulation see robust growth, outperform private peers.
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) may increase the ceiling of holding by foreign institutional investors (FIIs), non-resident Indians (NRIs) ...
UBS AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank, named Matthew Grounds and Simon Warshaw joint global heads of its investment banking ...
Following Andhra Pradesh’s example, the Bihar government was mulling over a legislation for regulating and effectively ...
The Reserve Bank of India has allowed interest rate futures (IRFs) trading on 91-day Treasury Bills
(T-Bills).
Volatility in domestic share market acting as catalyst.
The Reserve Bank of India has penalised three cooperative banks in Gujarat with non adherence to RBI norms out of which two have ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development has sanctioned Rs 22.90 crore to Haryana under the Rural Infrastructure ...
The government will infuse Rs 1,740 crore in Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) as recapitalisation package to shore up the bank's ...
Financial Inclusion drive initiated by the government would bring in 80% of households into formal banking network in the next 5 ...
The India branch of American Express Banking Corp has signed a distribution tie-up with Chennai-based public sector bank, Indian ...
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) plans to increase the ceiling of holding by foreign instutional investors (FIIs), non resident ...
Union Bank of India, one of India's leading public sector banks, is betting big on alternate delivery channels like online ...
A new set of rules are underway for an estimated $1-trillion wealth management industry and banking regulator the Reserve Bank of ...
A greater regulatory oversight and additional safeguards against any crisis situation may be underway for the country's large ...
State-owned Allahabad Bank has launched enrolment for Unique Identification Number Aadhaar project of UIDAI.
Public-sector lender Indian Bank today said it aims to expand its branch strength by adding 100 branches across the country by ...
The recent Citibank fraud has made the government review the regulatory issues regarding wealth management and private banking ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today met Sebi officials, including its new chairman UK Sinha here, and reviewed the activities ...
Canara Bank has raised $350 million (Rs 1,575 crore) through issue of senior unsecured bonds under its medium-term note programme ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves went up by $158 million to $300,786 million, on the back of increased foreign currency ...
Banks are having a tough time in the last month of the financial year.
Axis Private Equity (PE), which is on a restructuring mode, saw the exit of its Director, William Knight, today.
Knight was part ...
Global bankers and economists on Friday slammed the Basel liquidity proposals and different approaches by regulators to modify ...
Public sector Bank of India (BoI) is set to re-enter the mutual fund business.
It is close to buying a 51 per cent stake in ...
The new law to regulate the microfinance sector may make similar state legislation null and void.
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has paved ways for some major irrigation projects in Madhya Pradesh ...
PSU lender Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today raised fixed deposit rates up to 50 basis points on two select maturities.
Public-sector lender Indian Bank today said it aims to expand its branch strength by adding 100 branches across the country by ...
Stringent norms on Credit Default Swap (CDS) for corporate bonds, as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), may limit ...
With liquidity deficit, rates of such deposits may rise further.
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Ltd has set a pan-India premium collection target of Rs 1939 crore in the current financial
Axis Bank, which acquired Enam’s investment banking business last year, has roped in high-profile mutual fund executive ...
The per capita bank deposits in Orissa has grown significantly over the past three years and is fast catching up with the ...
The Central government, after much delay, has finally decided to provide Rs 1,200 crore, in the form of guarantee, to the ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) kept interest rates at a record low on Thursday as policy makers grapple with an oil-price shock ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Thursday said it planned to buy equity stake in a domestic life insurance company to ...
"It (credit growth) would be upward of 20 per cent," ICICI Bank Managing Director Chanda Kochhar told reporters on the ...
The Budget gave a boost to expansion in agricultural credit disbursement
The state-run National Bank for Agriculture & Rural ...
A day after announcing a foray into the Indian insurance market, Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc is reported to be ...
Subbarao says RBI view on Malegam Committee report on MFIs by April-end.
The Cabinet today gave its nod to the Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill, which proposes to increase the voting rights of ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it proposes to buy stake in an existing life insurance company and has ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said the central bank will look at business plan for financial ...
The government today gave green signal to the Banking Laws Amendment Bill that seeks to align the voting rights in banks in ...
"...It (credit growth) would be upward of 20%," ICICI Bank Managing Director Chanda Kochhar told reporters on the ...
State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur rose by over 5% in early trade on the BSE today after the the bank said its board will meet on ...
The Indian rupee fell by 6 paise to Rs 45.01 per $ in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, weighed down by a weak ...
Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) Bank on Wednesday said it was open to a subsidiary model for expansion in India ...
Public sector Allahabad Bank will launch mobile banking in April 2011, enabling its customers to avail banking services on their ...
Punjab-based State Bank of Patiala opened its 999th branch at Batala Road, Gurdaspur.
The bank has branches spread across the ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender Corporation Bank has bagged three awards for technology in online banking, financial ...
The Sage of Omaha has finally arrived in India, just two days after the finance minister reaffirmed the government’s ...
With the finance ministry’s economic survey backing State Bank of India’s (SBI) controversial yet popular home loan ...
Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), a self-regulatory organisation of the Indian microfinance sector, has launched a Credit ...
“Income for the first time crossed $2 billion.
Profit for the second time in a row crossed $1 billion.
Bank customers will soon have to use a second identification detail for ATM and debit card transactions, according to a Reserve ...
Having decided to acquire the Royal Bank of Scotland's (RBS) select operations in India, HSBC Group global head today said it is ...
Corporation Bank and Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said they are expecting significant amount of fund from the government's Rs ...
British banking giant Standard Chartered today reported a 23% jump in profit before tax (PBT) in India at $1.1197-billion for ...
UK-based HSBC today said regulatory sanctions being faced by the bank in the US is "embarrassing" and would have a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to upgrade its high-value online fund transfer system RTGS to enable handling of up to 50 ...
Farm loans at four per cent, enhancement of credit target for the sector by Rs 1 lakh crore, and a reminder to banks to focus on ...
India emerged as the third-most profitable market in the Asia-Pacific region for Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in ...
SKS, the largest microfinance institution (MFI) in the country, has closed a Rs 60-crore securitisation deal with a non-banking ...
Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), a self-regulatory organisation for the Indian Microfinance industry, has launched a ...
Banks have not taken the full advantage of technology for bringing down the cost of small transactions, improving customer ...
Elephant Capital, the AIM-listed private equity fund with an Indian focus, is set to exit its investment in Global Cricket ...
Mortgage financier Housing Development and Finance Corporation (HDFC) has increased its retail prime lending rate (RPLR) by 25 ...
Interest rates on home loans up to Rs 25 lakh may ease in the near-term following the government’s decision to classify ...
Bank credit to commercial real estate, a sector under regulatory scanner, rose by 14.9 per cent in the 10 months ended January, ...
Boosts ongoing trend, as scale of proposed need and financing draw global investors.
“Till now, we have disbursed more than Rs 27,000 crore and expect the figure to touch Rs 33,000 crore this fiscal.
Last ...
In its second tranche of retail bonds, the country’s largest bank, State Bank of India, may end up retaining around Rs ...
Industry may have been criticising the Budget proposals to levy service tax on insurance and health services, but the expected ...
Three leading financial institutions and banks are in talks with Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) to sell their entire stake in ...
UK-headquartered banking major HSBC today reported 82% surge in profit before tax (PBT) from India operations to a ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank has hiked interest rates on Foreign Currency Non-Resident (FCNR) (Banking) and NRE (Non-Resident ...
Better fiscal balance on back of revenues from 3G auctions.
Faced with an acute liquidity crunch, the Union Budget has brought little cheer to microfinance institutions (MFIs). However, ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said a slew of financial sector legislation to be introduced in financial year ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed amendments to the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee ...
The government would provide an additional Rs 6,000 crore capital to state-owned banks in financial year 2011-12 to help them ...
If you use life insurance as an investment instrument, be prepared for slightly lower yields because of increased taxation.
In the Union Budget tabled today, the government succeeded splendidly in retaining its focus on agriculture, infrastructure and ...
This was an important Budget as the Indian economy was grappling with important issues.
The finance minister has touched upon ...
The finance minister has announced wide-ranging measures to ensure that economic growth remains robust in the medium term, with a ...
In his Budget, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday pegged the net government borrowings at Rs 3.43 lakh crore, lower than ...
The Union Budget 2011-12 attempts to ride on India’s rapid recent economic growth while controlling the inflation that has ...
Despite a challenging macro environment, it was encouraging to see the finance minister continue on the path of fiscal ...
The government will give Rs 140 to the banks for every 'no-frills' account opened by them as part of its initiative to expand the ...
The government today proposed to increase the service tax on life insurance policies to 1.5% from 1%, a move that would increase ...
The government today said it will provide capital support to the tune of Rs 6,000 crore to public sector banks during the next ...
The bond market is expecting an improvement in yields as the fiscal deficit is likely to come down due to high revenue the ...
The lower projected fiscal deficit level for FY12 and government borrowings was an initial trigger for banking sector stocks. ...
Trading in the Indian currency is swiftly gaining popularity in Dubai.
Futures contracts of the rupee against the dollar listed ...
The finance ministry's plan to offer basic banking licences may find few takers because of doubts over the commercial viability ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today reiterated that monetary policy remained the first line of defence against ...
Federal Reserve Vice-Chairman Janet Yellen and European Central Bank Vice-President Vitor Constancio said they’ll act to ...
Keeping with an interim order passed by the Supreme Court in connection with the disbursement of funds of Harshad Mehta Group ...
First-year premium collections by life insurance companies increased 25.8 per cent to Rs 94,820 crore in the April-January period ...
"Our target is to increase the total business up to Rs 2.20 lakh crore by March 31, 2011, while the business level had ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) today raised its fixed deposit rates across various maturities by up to 100 basis ...
In the backdrop of microfinance institutions (MFI) coming under the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) scanner, India’s premier ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 9 paise to Rs 45.39 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported by a higher ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, has mopped up Rs 3,897 crore on the retail side through its latest bond ...
Two more private lenders have decided to increase lending rates following similar announcements from ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank on ...
The guest coordinators at leading television channels are in a fix.
On the Budget day coming Monday, many of the high profile ...
Four bankers who worked at Credit Suisse Group were charged with conspiring to help clients in the US evade taxes through secret ...
Private lender Ratnakar Bank aims to double its network in the next two years by setting up 100 more branches, predominantly in ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) plans to raise up to Rs 2,172 crore through long-term infrastructure bonds. ...
Seek pass-through status for private equity and venture capital investments in companies.
L&T General Insurance Company has planned a slew of health insurance products in an attempt to make some serious inroads in ...
Naina Lal Kidwai, HSBC Holdings Plc’s country head for India, remembers when the bank’s plan to boost profits by ...
Credit growth too continues to grow above RBI projections.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said capital inflows could hurt the economy if they exceeded the absorptive capacity, ...
State Bank of India (SBI) — the nation’s largest bank — has decided to withdraw from the certificate of deposit ...
Soiled notes may soon be a thing of past as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all bank branches handling large amounts of ...
South-based Dhanlaxmi Bank today increased interest rates on term deposits by up to 3% depending on maturities.
Vijaya Bank is planning to raise Rs 368 crore through preferential allotment of equity shares.
The Indian rupee fell by 14 paise to Rs 45.26 per US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today on sustained ...
Following the footsteps of bigger rival State Bank of India, the country’s top two private banks, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank, ...
IDBI Bank, which six years back had transformed into a universal bank, is betting big on North-East. Besides infrastructure ...
Thane Janata Sahakari Bank Ltd.
(TJSB), a multi-state scheduled bank, is planning to open 12 new branches at select locations by ...
To fund infrastructure projects in the public-private-partnership model, the forthcoming Budget could lay down some broad ...
Will be allowed to hedge, not as market makers, say draft norms.
State Bank of India (SBI) on Wednesday said it had not sought a blanket approval from the government for merging the remaining ...
Entry of well-known groups, high returns are key attractions.
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), is planning to merge the remaining five associate banks with ...
The gross premium income of the general insurance industry increased 38.4 per cent in January as compared to the year before.
Take a host of initiatives to ramp up presence in rural markets.
"We think interest rates are still on their way up.
We see a movement of anywhere between 75 and 100 basis point from here ...
Country's two leading private sector lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank today increased their lending rates by up to 50 basis ...
Rating agency Fitch today upgraded long-term rating of Indusind Bank by one notch on the back of its strong capitalisation and ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today launched its' 300th branch and announced plans to reach the 500th branch mark by ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) plans consolidation of remaining 5 associate banks with itself in the next ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) will extend $50 million worth of loans to PTC India Financial Services for development of ...
The Indian rupee opened 2 paise lower at Rs 45.28 per US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today amid ...
Zurich Financial Services, Switzerland’s largest insurer, agreed to pay as much as $2.1 billion for 51 per cent of Banco ...
New data show gap between life expectancy of men and women has narrowed.
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) technical advisory committee had considered linking the repo facility to credit-deposit ...
Stocks in developed countries are rising the most since 1998 while emerging markets slump, a sign the US is returning to its role ...
As part of its growth plans, private insurer MetLife India has begun talks with at least three public sector banks (PSBs) for ...
New RBI norms, hardening rates, liquidity concerns curb appetite.
Karnataka-headquartered public sector lenders, Syndicate Bank and Corporation Bank have received the approval from the government ...
Reliance Equity Advisors, the private equity (PE) arm of Anil Ambani-owned Reliance Capital, is all set to close three deals in ...
The infrastructure sector remained a favourite of private equity (PE) investors in the year gone by.
With deals worth $4 billion ...
In the US bond market, the new normal
is looking a lot like the old normal.
Interest-rate derivatives show traders anticipate ...
Accusing government of adhocism, a Parliamentary Committee today demanded a clear policy on mergers and consolidation in the ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank that entered the credit card business in 2007 as part of its retail expansion, expects the portfolio to ...
Even as the sectoral regulator Irda has said IPO guidelines will be out within the next 45 days, leading private sector insurer ...
Market regulator Sebi has given the nod for State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ), the largest associate bank of SBI, to raise ...
The Indian rupee shed 20 paise from a seven-week high to Rs 45.18 per US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ...
Irda intends to allow investors more choice.
Spain’s decision to force lenders to meet stricter capital rules or risk state ownership will provide a boon to bankers and ...
The Reserve Bank of India may need to cut Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) by over 200 basis points to infuse about Rs 1,00,000 crore to ...
Ratings agency ICRA on Monday said a majority of the 73 asset-backed securitisation (ABS) rated by it continued to demonstrate a ...
Registered a loss of Rs 191 crore in the year-ago period.
Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan’s wish for a weaker yen is coming true as the strengthening global economy encourages the ...
European Central Bank policy makers signaled they may support raising interest rates in coming months as the economy recovers and ...
India has a vibrant grey market for equity initial public offers (IPOs).
Life insurance companies will not be allowed to dilute more than 10 per cent stake through initial public offers (IPOs).
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, on Monday became a signatory investor to the Carbon Disclosure ...
Iceland may shelve plans to sell its first Eurobonds since 2006 after President Olafur R Grimsson refused to sign a $5-billion ...
It often takes several hours to complete a single transaction in villages.
Apart from this branch network, the bank also has 2,150 ATMs to serve a clientele base exceeding 38 million at present, Canara ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will come out with guidelines for mergers and acquisitions (M&A) ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, today became a signatory investor in the Carbon Disclosure Project ...
The Indian rupee was up by 12 paise at 45.08 per US dollar in early trade today on sustained dollar-selling by exporters and ...
With the focus on enterprise development activities and to make the rural masses self-sustainable, the Commonwealth Secretariat, ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation, the country’s leading home mortgage provider, will invest in Kaizen asset ...
The move is part of Citigroup’s strategy to shed non-core assets following the financial crisis.
Reflecting increase in year-end demand, liquidity in the system may remain tight next week.
Banks have increased their borrowings ...
HDFC Bank aims to increase the number of clients using its mobile banking services in Andhra Pradesh to 10% of its customer base ...
The net interest margins (NIM) of Indian banks are expected to shrink in 2011, despite an estimated growth of 20-22% in loans, ...
Banks say they have no objection to savings rate deregulation, but they believe the timing could be better as the prevailing ...
Individual investors could be hurt should regulators alter an equities-trading rule limiting the prices at which brokers can ...
The executives, including Chief Operating Officer John Havens, 54, and Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach, 57, will get a ...
Fastest rally since Great Depression set to persist despite concerns the market is overbought.
China’s central bank raised reserve requirements for lenders 10 days after boosting interest rates as Premier Wen Jiabao ...
Public sector Indian Bank has planned to expand its network of microfinance branches in the country.
State-owned Indian Bank on Friday raised the lending rate for its existing customers by 25 basis points to 13.75 per cent in line ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell $752 million to $298.6 billion during the week ended February 11 mainly on ...
Hinting that interest rates may have little room left to move up, State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt on Friday said ...
As many as 11 asset management companies, including HSBC, UTI and ICICI Securities, are in the fray to manage the ...
The Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has no plans to raise its stake in private lender Ratnakar Bank.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may implement some recommendations made by the Malegam committee on regulating the microfinance ...
The nation's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today announced the launch of a Rs 2,000-crore retail bond issue from ...
State-owned lender Indian Bank today hiked lending rate for its existing customers by 25 basis points to 13.75% in line with ...
Two more state-owned banks – Dena Bank and Vijaya Bank – on Thursday said they would get Rs 848 crore from the ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee should raise tax exemption limit on interest from bank fixed-deposits (FDs) to encourage people ...
The index of US leading indicators rose in January for the seventh straight month, signalling the expansion will extend into this ...
Industry says the move will hit them in view of tight liquidity conditions.
The Rushikulya Gramya Bank (RGB), a regional rural bank (RRB) operating in south Orissa, has become the first RRB in the state to ...
To plug yet another loophole in the insurance industry, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked ...
Move necessitated by Irda’s draft guidelines for non-life M&As.
The government will infuse Rs 1,259 crore as equity capital into three PSU lenders -- Dena Bank, Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) and ...
Non-profit trade association Prepaid International Forum today said prepaid cards will play an important role in financial ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee should raise tax exemption limit on interest from bank-fixed deposits to encourage people to ...
The government will infuse Rs 907 crore as equity capital into two PSU lenders -- Dena Bank and Vijaya Bank -- as part of ...
Union Bank of India, one of India's leading public sector banks, is eyeing a 25 per cent growth in its total business from its ...
Health cover portability to be allowed from July 1, but it may not be simple.
London, the financial capital of Europe, is coming to grips with a foreign concept: None of its three most important regulators ...
Swiss banking powerhouse UBS today denied recent media reports alleging that it had maintained a business relationship with Hasan ...
An increasing number of businesses are planning to expand through acquisitions, according to the Grant Thornton International ...
Goldman Sachs Group, the US bank that relied on fixed-income trading for the largest portion of its revenue, will shut its global ...
In order to harness business in the education loan segment, public sector lender — Central Bank of India is planning to ...
Decides not to roll over a part of loans maturing in January and February.
The government has decided to infuse Rs 1,248 crore into two public sector banks — UCO Bank and United Bank of India ...
With restructured assets in better health than before, rating agency CARE said additions to gross non-performing assets (NPAs) of ...
Rising lending rates, low-cost deposits to offset higher deposit mobilisation cost.
ING Life Insurance Company , the insurance arm of the ING Group, is eyeing 50 per cent increase in business from the northern ...
IDBI Federal Life Insurance sees growth opportunity in the pension segment, which had shrunk to 2-3 percent of the total ...
The nation's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will open 50 more branches in Gujarat by end of next month.
The government has decided to infuse Rs 1,248 crore into two public sector banks UCO Bank and United Bank of India as part of ...
State-owned Allahabad Bank today raised its fixed deposit rates by up to 200 basis points, or 2%, on various maturities.
A new report from technology arm of market analyst firm Datamonitor shows that almost two-thirds of retail banks across the world ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said it has hiked its term deposit rates by up to 0.25% across select maturities.
Additional provisioning may apply only to new loans and not the entire portfolio.
ICICI Venture (I-Ven), the largest private equity (PE) player in India, is looking to achieve the first closure of its ...
Companies like MakemyTrip, Yatra, ClearTrip also look at listing abroad.
Private life insurer ING Life India on Tuesday launched a new product ING ACE in the Uttar Pradesh market.
The new plan has two ...
Survey shows collapse in allocations to emerging market.
The aggregate deposits in banks grew by 13.9% in the July-September period, much below the government's target of 20% for the ...
The State Bank of Patiala (SBOP) today said it has signed a MoU to become a Registrar for the Unique Identification Authority of ...
Sebi has proposed a new reporting system for mutual funds based on XBRL technology -- a globally accepted standardised business ...
With more and more Indians opting for health insurance policies, the claims paid by insurance companies jumped over 82% to Rs ...
Leading stock exchange NSE has asked its member brokers to ensure 'in-person' verification of all their clients -- a move seen as ...
Insurance regulator Irda today said it has cancelled the licence of PNB Principal Insurance Broking pursuant to their request for ...
Within four years of commencing operations in the UK, Punjab National Bank (International) Ltd has opened its sixth branch here ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might take further monetary tightening measures to tame inflation, which stood at 8.23 per cent ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.
(KMBL), one of India’s leading private banks, will scale up its financial inclusion initiatives in ...
Loan arrangers eye smaller banks, global finance to get over lending constraints.
State-owned Vijaya Bank might seek a second deadline extension for meeting the 70-per cent provision coverage ratio (PCR) norm ...
Insurance companies may like to deal with hospitals and third-party administrators (TPAs) more cautiously after going through the ...
General managers may get power to approve loans.
With the interest rates hiked by almost all banks, demand for residential properties in Gujarat have already begun plummeting. ...
The state Cabinet on Monday gave its nod to the AP State Finance Corporation (APSFC) to raise Rs 200 crore from the open market ...
The rupee extended gains in afternoon trade on Monday as dollar inflows on the back of strong local shares, as well as firm Asian ...
Liquidity conditions are set to worsen in the coming week as the drawdown from RBI’s repo window is expected to touch the ...
Indian Overseas Bank is eyeing entry into Africa and convert its representative offices in Dubai and China into branches as part ...
Home loan borrowers may get a piece of good news soon.
Pre-payment penalties, which are 2 per cent or above of the outstanding ...
The number of credit cards around has been steadily falling since the start of the current financial year.
The latest Reserve ...
When Duvvuri Subbarao took charge as the twenty-second governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in September, 2008, he had to ...
State Bank of India wants to promote its gold deposit scheme under which it has accumulated 7.79 tonnes of the precious metal so ...
SKS Microfinance Ltd, India's largest and only listed Micro Finance Institution (MFI), has disbursed loans worth Rs 2034 crore in ...
Also hikes rates on domestic-term deposits in two maturity buckets.
The regulator said for the next three financial years, persistency for agents should be at least 50 per cent in terms of both ...
Despite drastic slowdown seen in industrial growth numbers in December, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to continue ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has once again expressed its discomfort over teaser loan rates and questioned banks’ ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today came out with draft guidelines for mergers and acquisitions of ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today raised lending and deposit rates on select maturities by 25 basis ...
State-owned Bank of India (BoI) today said it has raised $750 million from overseas market through bonds.
Banking major HSBC India today said it has raised its resident fixed deposit rates by 0.5-0.75% on select maturities.
Dun & Bradstreet has released the third edition of "India's Leading BFSI Companies 2010".
The Indian rupee fell by 2 paise to a one-week low of Rs 45.74 against the US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign ...
Policyholders can now switch insurer and carry the benefits of the previous health insurance policy.
The Insurance Regulatory and ...
2G spectrum scam, RBI’s C-D worries are the main triggers.
The panel, which was set up by Communications Minister Kapil Sibal to identify lapses in procedures at the ministry and those ...
Bank of India has raised $750 million by issuing Reg-S international dual tranche bonds to support overseas operations.
The issue ...
Citigroup today announced a revamped advisory board for its India operations to counsel on strategic matters and brand building.
ICICI Securities (I-Sec) today said Anup Bagchi would replace Madhabi Puri-Buch as managing director and chief executive officer ...
It is now possible for public sector bank employees to climb the career ladder faster.
Keeping in mind the shortfall that is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said that inflation was a perennial tension and it would have to do a tough balancing ...
The rupee fell the most in more than a month on speculation foreign investors are pulling money from the country’s share ...
High inflation likely to increase the risk of defaults, say experts.
"The Authority has examined various issues involved in the portability of health insurance plan and has issued necessary ...
The nation's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has raised 325 million Swiss franc (around Rs 1,500 crore) via an ...
The New York Stock Exchange and Germany's Deutsche Borse AG are in advanced talks for a potential merger deal that would create ...
The government today approved capital infusion of Rs 1,100 crore for Regional Rural Banks for improving their capital adequacy ...
Private sector lender City Union Bank today reported a 41.94% jump in its net profit at Rs 57.70 crore for the third quarter ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today released a framework for amalgamation of non-life insurance companies ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday allowed public sector banks to expense their pension and enhanced gratuity ...
The privileges of being the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India are many.
One of them is having one’s signature stamped ...
Muthoot Finance, the largest gold loan non-banking finance company (NBFC) in the country, is set to tweak its business model ...
Takes a separate cover for terror-related cancellation.
The public-sector Punjab National Bank (PNB) would cover 4,700 unbanked villages nationally having population of over 2,000 by ...
Banks’ efforts to mobilise deposits have paid off.
Banks raised Rs 37,730 crore deposits in the fortnight ended January 28, ...
AIG said higher-than-forecast claims costs cut fourth-quarter profit by $4.1 billion, and $2 billion previously designated to ...
Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne announced an agreement by Britain’s biggest banks that they’d pay lower ...
After increasing its base rate-the minimum limit beyond which the bank can not lend- last week, public sector Union Bank of India ...
The country's third-largest lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said that it has appointed Hewlett Packard (HP) to implement its IT ...
Credit offtake from public and private sector banks in the country grew by 23.4% for the one-year period ended January 28, ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank today announced a 50-basis point (bps) hike in its base rate-- the minimum rate below which ...
Nabard has sanctioned a loan of Rs 209.20 crore under RIDF (Rural Infrastructure Development Fund) to the Haryana government for ...
With the Budget just round the corner, insurance companies have suggested a separate limit for deductions under Section 80C of ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) has announced a public issue of long-term infrastructure bonds to raise up to Rs ...
In a bid to diversify its liability portfolio, Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) plans to go for external ...
The Export Import Bank of India will raise a loan of $300 million by the end of the current year to provide financial assistance ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said non-resident Indians (NRIs) would not be eligible for incentives on interest for ...
The Damodaran committee appointed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to revisit the issue of banks’ customer services is ...
Region accounts for 48 per cent of the total inflows into India.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said non-resident Indians (NRIs) would not be eligible for incentives on interest on home ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may soon tighten its noose on banks lacking on customer service front by a new set of rules, ...
Terming concerns expressed by some quarters over governance-deficit, tight liquidity and inflation in the country as ...
Taking its price war with main rival National Stock Exchange (NSE) up a notch, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) has announced the ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) on Monday sanctioned over Rs 112 crore to the Himachal Pradesh ...
The Credit Guarantee Fund Scheme for Micro and Small Enterprises (CGTMSE), which guarantees collateral-free bank credit for micro ...
State-run India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL), World Bank, Asian development Bank (ADB) and the government will come ...
Engineering giant Larsen & Toubro on Monday said L&T Finance, its wholly-owned financial services arm, might come out ...
Audi AG, the luxury unit of Volkswagen AG, plans to form an auto finance arm in India after offering car loans helped rival ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) engaged in gold loan business may overhaul their business models, especially the ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 110.76 crore to the Orissa government under ...
The Hyderabad-based bank has also fixed an interim target to cover around 500 villages by the end of the current financial year ...
State accounts for 25% of their overall business.
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) on Monday got an approval from its board for the proposed Rs 450-crore rights issue.
According to the ...
Egypt's political crisis might drive oil and commodity prices higher, flagging a “new risk” to inflation that might ...
Move to provide relief to HDFC Bank, ICICI.
As against the existing channels of delivery of banking and financial services in the rural under-banked areas, adoption of ...
Banks are not ruling out the possibility of increasing retail term deposit rates further , as they struggle to raise funds amid ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank today increased its minimum rate of lending or the base rate by 0.5% to 9.50% and benchmark prime ...
The Reserve Bank of India will soon put new coins of Rs 10 denomination into circulation to felicitate its Platinum Jubilee.
News that computer hackers had infiltrated the operator of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange is the latest blow for Wall Street as it ...
Retirement fund manager Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation’s (EPFO’s) trustees are likely to approve a ...
Private banks are not in a hurry to raise additional capital, even as most of them witnessed erosion in their capital adequacy ...
UBI will set up Customer Care Service Points (CCSPs) in un-banked villages where a business correspondent of the bank will ...
‘Investment skewed towards debt this year’.
High interest rate and lack of clarity on end use of funds was the primary reason behind the regulator asking banks not to ...
It is important to be prepared with a corpus to meet expenses that arise suddenly.
With a spike in food inflation, C Rangarajan, Chairman of Economic Council to the Prime Minister, today said he would not be ...
Private sector lender Karur Vysya Bank today said it has increased its base rate, the minimum lending rate, by 50 basis points to ...
The computer network of the Nasdaq Stock Market was targeted by the online hackers several times last year, setting off an alarm ...
A day after SKS Microfinance's warning that it might pull out of Andhra Pradesh, the state government said it would not make any ...
With funds turning expensive in India, government-owned banks are turning abroad to raise resources.
At least half a dozen plan ...
After hovering around Rs 80,000 crore for a month, the liquidity deficit has come down to Reserve Bank of India’s comfort ...
Private sector Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) is keen on entering the mortgage business, a top official said here today.
International Finance Corporation (IFC) is planning to invest around Rs 345 crore in Export-Import Bank of India (EXIM). The loan ...
State-run Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today announced it will soon start a dedicated subsidiary for financial services, which will ...
Indian Bank today said it plans to increase revenue contribution from fee-based and non-interest income from current 11% to 13% ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company Limited (IIFCL) will soon come up with a product that will allow it to upgrade ratings of ...
‘Restraining commercial activities of the state on secular principles will not be legal’.
Suparna Kumar Dey Purkayastha has joined as General Manager, UCO Bank-cum-Convener of the State Level Bankers' Committee ...
The multi-crore fraud at the Gurgaon branch of Citibank has prompted the banking regulator to review existing norms for the ...
Akula urges RBI intervention, says difficult to continue if restrictive law remains.
Non-life insurance companies registered 22.41 per cent growth in premium collections during the first nine months of the ...
After a notional loss of Rs 1,400 crore was reported in three pension schemes of the country’s largest insurance company, ...
Standard Chartered Bank has gone in for a senior-level reshuffle under which Arup Roy, its head of corporate banking in India, ...
Milestone Capital Advisors, the private equity firm with focus on real estate investments, is set to close two deals worth Rs 160 ...
Prefer fixed interest rates
to floating rates.
Government owned lenders, Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and Union Bank of India on Thursday followed their counterparts by raising ...
Barclays, Standard Chartered and HSBC Holdings, three of Britain’s biggest lenders, are toning down threats they made last ...
American Express on Thursday launched its gold charged card -American Express Gold Card where members can earn 12,000 points a ...
L&T Infrastructure Finance on Thursday said it would issue its third set of long-term infrastructure bonds for retail ...
Revising the guidelines for foreign exchange business, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks dealing in forex to set ...
Microfinance companies in India adopt a comparatively low-cost model of operation than their counterparts in markets like ...
Public sector Canara Bank has raised its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points, from 13.25% to 13.75% with ...
Responding to the Reserve Bank of India's signal on JanuaryÂ 25 to rein in inflation, Bank of Baroda has increased its benchmark ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) are making regular payments to investors who had invested in debt instruments floated by them ...
Banks expect liquidity to remain tight till March-end.
A motor insurance policy covers the liability of a policyholder, which he/she may become legally liable to pay on account of ...
The public sector lender, Allahabad Bank is planning to set up nine branches in Gujarat with at least four of them in rural area ...
Faering Capital, promoted by former Morgan Stanley executive Sameer Shroff and HDFC honcho Deepak Parekh’s son Aditya ...
Companies backed by private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) funds are growing faster than others.
Move to restrict industry growth, say insurers.
Even as banks adopted technology in the decade gone by, the envisaged benefits were yet to reach the customers, the Reserve Bank ...
India is considering allowing new private sector banks, including those by industrial houses, and a roadmap for the same could be ...
Moody's Investors Service downgraded the ratings for five Egyptian banks while Standard & Poor's lowered its ratings for two ...
Private lender Dhanlaxmi Bank today hiked its fixed deposit interest rates by up to 0.50% across select maturities.
The proposed Microfinance Bill may not see the light of day, as the finance ministry is having second thoughts on coming out with ...
Be it promotional schemes like 500-day and 1,000-day deposits, free insurance or gifts, banks are using all their marketing ...
The Union new and renewable energy ministry said Uttar Pradesh was progressing ‘very well’ in off-grid solar energy ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), will raise Rs 10,000 crore through bonds to augment its capital base to ...
Asia CEO says he is delighted with the freedom given to foreign banks.
Owing to higher core earnings, public sector lender Syndicate Bank has registered a 24.5 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 256.1 ...
After unit-linked pension products disappeared from the market following an imposition of guaranteed returns of 4.5 per cent, the ...
Asset reconstruction companies (ARCs), known as the scrap merchants of the banking sector, are gearing up for big business in the ...
But SBI says no immediate increase likely.
China’s manufacturing growth slowed for a second month in January after the central bank raised interest rates and as ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI) today said it will raise Rs 30 crore by way of issuance of fresh shares on a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said restrictions imposed on purchase of IndusInd Bank's shares by overseas investors have ...
The banking ombudsman has received 18,810 credit card complaints, which accounted for 24 per cent of the total grievances ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) today said its total business size would cross Rs 1.50 lakh ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), will raise Rs 10,000 crore through bonds to augment its capital base to ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today raised interest rates on Foreign Currency Non Residential (FCNR) ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) today said it has paid over Rs 1,030 crore dividend for 2009-10 to the government last week.
It had a net profit of Rs 205.74 crore during the same period of last fiscal, Syndicate Bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
Seven lenders, including Bank of Baroda (BoB) and HDFC, today raised interest rates by up to 50 basis points (bps), in response ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India has filed papers with market regulator Sebi for approval to raise Rs 2,500 crore ...
Credit card usage over phone will employ an additional security layer from tomorrow as the Reserve bank of India (RBI) has made ...
Narrowing net interest margins (NIMs) in a rising interest rate regime are likely to moderate the profitability of Indian banks ...
Following Anand Sinha’s elevation as Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor, S Karuppasamy has been promoted an ...
‘Move towards capital account convertibility will be gradual’.
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Canara Bank is hopeful of maintaining the growth momentumoin the advances front in ...
Almost four months after initiating a probe into alleged fraud in loans to Zoom Developers, the Central Bureau of Investigation ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance, jointly promoted by Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and Legal & General, is planning to introduce ...
Public lender Andhra Bank posted a net profit of Rs 331 crore for the quarter-ended December, as against Rs 275 crore in the ...
I am planning to buy a term insurance from a private company.
Public lender Canara Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 1,105.73 crore for the quarter-ended December, as against Rs 1,052.58 ...
PNB, Allahabad Bank, PSB raise base rate 50 bps.
Liquidity deficit in the system crossed Rs 1 lakh crore on the first day of the reporting fortnight with banks rushing to cover ...
The personal loans segment recorded a 13.4 per cent growth year-on-year in December 2010, after it had seen a decline of 0.4 per ...
Looking at re-engineering business models to reduce expenditure.
Infrastructure Development Finance Co (IDFC) is selling 10-year bonds after Indian Overseas Bank issued 15-year debt, as the ...
Within a week of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) hiking key policy rates, several lenders, including Punjab National Bank (PNB), ...
"LIC has completed 2,52,44,846 policies and received Rs 34,137.12 crore in First Premium Income in the current financial ...
The rising cost of funds is likely to hit margins and impact the profitability of the Indian banking sector in 2011, according to ...
It had a net profit of Rs 275.39 crore during the same quarter of last fiscal, Andhra bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
Banks have sought capital subsidy and other incentives from the Uttarakhand government to complete the financial inclusion ...
The All India Bank Officers' Confederation (AIBOC) has demanded that all banks including the new generation private sector banks ...
Credit card usage over phone will need an additional security layer from tomorrow, as the RBI has made it mandatory for customers ...
The bank which has achieved a total business of Rs 4600 crore in the state by the end of December 2010, expects to achieve the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) clampdown on the main conduit used for settling trade transactions with Iran has affected trade ...
Central bank RBI is looking to clear its offices from the heavy paper-load and digitise all the documents lying in its various ...
State Bank of India Chairman O P Bhatt says the bank did differ with the Reserve Bank of India’s views on a host of issues, ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), the regulator for housing finance companies (HFCs), may increase its refinance rate.
This rate
hike ...
The interest rates on certificates of deposits (CDs) in one-year segment may rise above 10 per cent this week.
Last week, they ...
Continuing with its examination into 2G spectrum allocation, Parliament’s Public Accounts Committee has called Reserve Bank ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is planning to raise $1 billion (around Rs 4,600 crore) by way of medium term notes (MTN) in various ...
National Cooperative Agriculture and Rural Development Banks Federation, Mumbai, with the collaboration of Punjab State ...
With mounting pressure to set aside substantial amounts each quarter to improve provision cover for bad loans, State Bank of ...
Rating firm Fitch today said the Rs 400-crore fraud at Citibank India's Gurgaon branch will not impact the bank's short-term ...
A new business of Rs 4,698 crore in April-December this fiscal.
UTI Mutual Fund is starting its second round of pan-India investor education and financial inclusion initiative from February 2 ...
Goldman Sachs gave Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein a $12.6 million stock bonus for 2010, an increase from $9 ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India today said it has signed a distribution agreement with IDFC Asset Management Company ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said its third-quarter net profit rose 28.4 per cent on robust loan growth.
The bank’s net ...
According to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data, deposits grew 16.43 per cent on a year-on-year basis till January 14.
Credit ...
Flagging the issue of misreporting of priority sector lending (PSL) performance by banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) Chairman J Hari Narayan said some segments of the insurance industry might ...
After a tough quarter, insurance companies are going through a second round of cost rationalisation.
A number of private sector ...
Foreign banks converting their branches into wholly-owned subsidiaries will not be required to pay capital gains tax from the ...
The forex reserves were $297.41 billion in the previous week (ending January 14).
It had a net profit of Rs 110.25 crore during the corresponding quarter of last fiscal, federal bank said in a filing to the ...
Credit offtake from public and private sector banks in the country grew by 23.7 per cent to Rs 38.30 lakh crore during the ...
The growth rate of insurance companies may come down this fiscal and it will take a year before they stabilise, the Insurance ...
Public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today said it will take a call on hiking lending rates in tandem with sector ...
The city-headquartered company reported net profits of Rs 55.38 crore during the same period of previous year, Sundaram Finance ...
In the year-ago period, the banking entity had a net profit of Rs 245.82 crore, UCO Bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
The bank had posted a profit of Rs 832.49 crore in the same period last fiscal.
After being on the defensive for the last two years, global bankers are making their presence felt in Davos.
The tone was set ...
A little over a month after Sajjan Jindal’s JSW Steel picked up a majority stake in Ispat Industries, the change in ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB), the third largest public sector bank in the country, has set a target of Rs 4200-crore business in Orissa ...
United Bank of India (UBI) aims to achieve a business volume of Rs 4800 crore in Orissa in the current financial year.
At a time when the Micro Finance Institutions (MFIs) are facing the heat due to steep interest rates charged by them, the Orissa ...
Net interest income rises 25 per cent.
Kerala chief minister VS Achuthanandan on Thursday inaugurated the 'Go Green' initiatives of Catholic Syrian Bank, launched as ...
“The bank would like to moderate credit growth to 10-12 per cent.
It will not grow at over 33 per cent
the way it did in ...
Two days after RBI raised key policy rates, HDFC Bank has it would soon raise lending rates, a decision that would make EMIs ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said a decision regarding the implementation of the Malegam committee ...
The new business premium income of the life insurance industry fell by 20 per cent in December compared to the year before.
And why it’s unlikely to change course and so it’s up to us to cope.
Maturity of deposits has fallen drastically, reverse this or cut credit: Anand Sinha.
Flexible premium products provide flexibility in terms of the premium and sum assured.
Beating estimates, HDFC Bank posted a net profit of Rs 1,088 crore, up 20 per cent sequentially and 33 per cent year-on-year, as ...
The enactment of a new law to control microfinance institutions in Andhra Pradesh has hit the number of disbursements and quantum ...
Two days after RBI raised key policy rates, private sector lender HDFC Bank today said it will soon hike lending rates, a ...
The bank had a net profit of Rs 287 crore in the corresponding quarter of 2009-10, IDBI said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
State-run Central Bank of India today said Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) credit policy initiative has increased pressure on ...
Total income of the bank rose to Rs 6,357.8 crore at the end of December quarter, from Rs 4,933.9 crore in the same period last ...
The Kerala-based Dhanlaxmi Bank (DLB) Limited would mobilise Rs 1000 crore in four to five months, a top official today said.
The country's apex bank, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said that Open Market Operations (OMO) in the bond market is more ...
Undeterred by the murmur over governance deficit impacting growth in India, ICICI Bank CEO and Managing Director Chanda Kochhar ...
Visa launched its 2011 Premium Access programme for Visa Infinite, Visa Signature and Visa Platinum cardholders in India today. ...
Taurus Mutual Fund launched a new fund offer (NFO), Taurus Dynamic Income Fund, an open-ended income scheme on January 25.
The ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 9 paise to Rs 45.62 a dollar, snapping its five-session losing streak, at the Interbank Foreign ...
As part of its financial inclusion programme, the State Bank of Hyderabad on Wednesday issued biometric smart cards to ...
Some Chinese banks have raised lending rates to as much as 1.45 times benchmark levels in response to government calls to rein in ...
Investors love Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke.
It’s just his policies they don’t like so much.
Infrastructure Development Finance Company Limited (IDFC) will look to raise about Rs 5,500 crore through external commercial ...
India's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, will add 400-500 branches annually over the next three years and focus on ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday raised its projection for wholesale price index-based inflation to 7 per cent at the ...
Red flags price rise, current account and fiscal situation as possible risks that could impact economic expansion.
SKS Microfinance Limited reported a 38.4 per cent fall in its net profit to Rs 34.15 crore for the quarter ended December 31, ...
Traders are starting to believe German Chancellor Angela Merkel when she says Europe’s biggest economy will do whatever it ...
The US Treasury Department will probably reduce its borrowing on behalf of the Federal Reserve as the Obama administration and ...
Survey shows project numbers the same as last year, US contribution falls.
Old-style jobs disappear as attitudes, systems pulled into the future.
Valuations for US financial stocks have fallen so far, it’s like the rebound from the worst crisis since the 1930s never ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said the central bank considered 50 basis point hike in policy rates but ...
It had a net profit of Rs 287.15 crore during the corresponding quarter of last fiscal, IDBI Bank said in a filing to the Bombay ...
The Kerala based Federal Bank, pioneers in introducing many innovative products, today announced total freeing of ATM operations ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today extended its special measures for easing the monetary supply till April 8, in view of the ...
National Bulk Handling Corporation (NBHC), the country's leading integrated agri-commodity and collateral management company, has ...
With its total business touching Rs 4.45 lakh crore at the end of December, 2010, Bank of India will focus on retail and ...
SKS Microfinance today reported a 38 per cent fall in third-quarter net profit at Rs 34.1 crore, compared to Rs 55.4 crore in the ...
Morgan Stanley Managing Director Kamal Ahmed is “cooperating” with the bank’s investigation of allegations ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender, Karnataka Bank, has posted a 5.4 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 38.59 crore in the ...
Despite improved margins, profits of public sector banks — Union Bank of India (UBI) and Indian Bank — took a hit in ...
Although the Credit Deposit Ratio (CDR) of 54 per cent in Uttarakhand has showed considerable improvement during the past few ...
The country’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, on Monday reported a 77.5 per cent increase in consolidated net ...
Private sector banks have recorded higher credit growth than their state-owned counterparts on a year-on-year basis.
With the government revising wages under MGNREGA, it could be another pressure point for rising inflation, if appropriate policy ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today set the stage for a series of rate hikes to tackle inflation, which the central bank ...
Flagging widening current account deficit as a major risk, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said the government should ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank's net profit for the third quarter ended December 31, 2010, increased by over five times to Rs 7.3 crore, from Rs ...
With eight chairmen and 12 executive directors (EDs) of public sector banks retiring in 2011-12, the government has set the ball ...
The coming quarters might see a reduction in the pressure on interest rates due to easing of liquidity and a fall in government ...
Inflation a ‘major worry’ and can distort picture; wants more infra credit.
Better-than-expected quarterly results boost sentiment.
Cautioning that high current account deficit cannot be sustained in the long run, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it ...
Amid indications of another hike in key policy rates by the RBI in its quarterly review tomorrow, industry body Assocham today ...
ICICI Bank today said it expects 20 per cent credit growth in the next financial year, 2011-12, which would be a tad higher than ...
Citibank has started refunding money to those who had invested in the fraudulent scheme run by its relationship manager at ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to open 500 new ATMs in Andhra Pradesh during the next financial year.
Of this, operations ...
The Bank Employees’ Federation of India (BEFI), a pan-India organisation of employees of public sector banks in the ...
The public sector lender, Bank of India (BoI) aims to cross the total business of Rs 30,000 crore by March, 2011 with its focus ...
The wait for a chairman at Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) may get longer, as the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) has sought an ...
Market players expect a hit to the bond market only if the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raises policy rates by more than 25 basis ...
Says a thrust to the sector in the Budget can help absorb excess farm labour.
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) has got Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB’s) approval to issue shares, worth Rs 107.50 crore ...
Fails to utilise funds for public awareness in the year that it brought sweeping changes in industry
The Insurance Regulatory ...
The bank’s consolidated net profit in the third quarter of 2009-10 was Rs 3,354.94 crore.
State Bank of India, the largest lender in the country, today said its special home loan schemes did not fall under the ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is planning to increase its branches to 3,000 and touch an equal number in ATMs, across the country by ...
In a move to strengthen the information technology architecture of banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has entered into an agreement with the Jammu & Kashmir government to act as the sole agent ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come out strongly in support of a subsidiary-led model for foreign banks operating in India, ...
Corporation Bank on Friday reported a 25.4 per cent increase in third quarter net profit to Rs 382 crore compared to Rs 305 crore ...
Lower base and income from core operations helped state-owned Bank of India post a 60.8 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 653 ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Friday reported a 7.8 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 1,090 crore for the quarter ended ...
Indian Bank today opened its second branch in Jaffna, Sri Lanka, taking its international presence to three following its ...
The shares of LIC Housing Finance (LICHF), hit by a bribery scam recently, staged a smart recovery this week.
The stock closed 23 ...
Mahindra Finance, the financial arm of Mahindra & Mahindra, today said it will raise up to Rs 570 crore through institutional ...
The state-run lender -- which got listed on the stock exchanges in December, the last nationalised bank in the country to do so ...
The Reserve Bank of India has conveyed its approval for the re-appointment of Romesh Sobti as managing director & CEO of ...
Concerned over rising incidents of cyber frauds, the RBI will soon ask banks to shift to chip- based ATM cards from the existing ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) today said the guidelines for public float of life insurance companies ...
It had posted a net profit of Rs 405.5 crore in the year-ago period.
State-owend Indian Bank today said it will increase its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 0.25 per cent with effect from ...
The Malegam committee report on the microfinance institutions (MFI), if implemented, will lead to consolidation in the sector as ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has chalked out a plan to reach the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)-mandated 70 per cent provision coverage ...
Say may have to bank on service area approach to expand.
The global bond market’s expansion is slowing for the first time since 2005 as governments withdraw stimulus and credit ...
The frequency of RBI policy meetings has increased but the excitement surrounding them has not come down.
The January policy ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit fell on Thursday because fund houses preferred to remain on the sidelines due to limited ...
Bank borrowings are expected to stay well above Rs 1 lakh crore for another couple of days and fall only after the monetary ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) reported a net profit of Rs 250.17 crore for the third quarter ended December 2010, up 13 per cent ...
Most economists see a 25-basis-point rise in rates.
ICICI Bank Ltd, India's largest private sector bank, on Tuesday, converted its main branch in Bhubaneswar into a Mega Commercial ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank has reported a rise of 16 per cent in its consolidated net profit to Rs 384 crore ...
On the back of a strong December 2010 quarter performance, the LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) scrip has rallied by 14 per cent in ...
Multiples Alternate Asset Management, a private equity (PE) fund founded by Renuka Ramnath, the former CEO of ICICI Venture, has ...
After hitting an intraday high of Rs 756, or 13.08 per cent, shares of SKS Microfinance on Thursday settled at Rs 694.25, up 3.84 ...
State-lender Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) may again be forced to increase lending rates if inflation continues to hover around ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that co-operative banks cannot give housing loans beyond 5 per cent of their total ...
City-based Public sector lender State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) is not keen to lend to microfinance institutions under the present ...
The United Bank of India today reported a net profit of Rs 163.14 crore, up by 33.9 per cent over the previous quarter in the ...
SKS Microfinance, which has been sailing in rough weather in Andhra Pradesh ever since the state government promulgated an ...
Market regulator Sebi has given approval to private sector lender Karnataka Bank's rights issue, allowing it to tap the capital ...
The rupee depreciated by 17 paise to Rs 45.62 a dollar in early trade today following weak domestic equity markets.
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) team will visit Germany this week to explore a new conduit for payments towards Iranian crude oil ...
The overnight indexed swaps (OIS) ended up today as some traders preferred to be on the paying side amid strong expectations of a ...
A former Julius Baer Group Ltd banker told a Zurich court he sent account data to Swiss tax offices in a trial over whether he ...
Expressing concerns over high inflation, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty today termed the situation ...
Gets back most earlier roles, plus new ones, after RBI reallocates portfolios.
Gruh Finance Ltd (GFL), a subsidiary of HDFC Ltd has posted a profit after tax of Rs 49.91 crore for the quarter ended December ...
The Malegam Committee, set up by Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today recommended a 24-per cent interest rate cap on microfinance ...
Micro finance institutions are facing fund crunch in Karnataka in the aftermath of regulatory restrictions imposed by Andhra ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) if it is complaint ...
Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) has increased the interest rates on domestic term deposits for various maturities between 1and 5 ...
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) has received the Foreign Investment Promotion Board's approval to issue shares worth Rs 107.50 crore to ...
Private insurer ICICI Lombard, along with national reinsurer General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC), is likely to take a ...
In a bid to undo the damage caused by the recent loan bribery scam, LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) has stopped financing project ...
Asks banks to recast unsecured loans without NPA classification.
Inflation is likely to remain at elevated levels.
The sharp rise in prices of vegetables may reverse, but the same is unlikely to ...
The committee, headed by RBI's central board director Y H Malegam, also pitched for creation of a separate category of ...
The government-owned Indian Bank today said its follow-on-public offer (FPO) of about Rs 1,500 crore was expected to hit the ...
The rupee strengthened by 7 paise to Rs 45.35 a dollar in early trade today on weakness in the US currency against major world ...
The government today notified the appointment of Anand Sinha, an executive director of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), as one of ...
Perceiving a threat of money laundering and terror-financing in banking transactions with Iran, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, today launched cash withdrawal facility for customers at point of ...
The Reserve Bank of India has warned investors against putting money in Sahara group companies’ deposits.
In a public ...
Development Credit Bank clocked a net profit of Rs 8.1 crore for the quarter-ended December, as against a loss of Rs 18 crore in ...
Balarami Reddy, executive director-finance of Hyderabad-based IVRCL (the engineering, procurement and construction company), is ...
Indian Bank, one of the country's leading public sector banks, is eyeing a pan-India business of Rs five lakh crore and a net ...
Says loans below Rs 20 lakh under priority sector lending, move to hurt customers.
3i Group Plc, Europe's largest publicly traded private equity firm, plans to start a $1.5 billion fund in about six months to ...
Private equity (PE) firms invested $7.97 billion in Indian companies in 2010, almost double than the previous year, says a study.
May raise deposit rates further to mop up funds, face pressure on margins.
Bangalore based public sector lender, State Bank of Mysore (SBM) is hopeful of achieving 20 per cent credit growth by the end of ...
Micro finance institutions are facing fund crunch in Karnataka in the aftermath of regulatory restrictions imposed by Andhra ...
Public lender State Bank of Travancore has posted a net profit of Rs 176.01 crore for the quarter-ended December, as against Rs ...
The government today cleared the appointment of Anand Sinha, as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor in place of Usha ...
Financial services major, Bajaj Finserv, plans to launch its wealth management subsidiary -- Bajaj Financial Solutions -- in the ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) clocked a net profit Rs 8.1 crore for the the third quarter ended December 2010, compared to a loss ...
The government is likely to decide on the Rs 20,000 crore rights issue proposal of State Bank of India (SBI) in the next 4-5
The rupee strengthened by 4 paise to Rs 45.48 against the US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today.
The Gurgaon police today said it was investigating more Citibank officials for their possible links to the scam in which high net ...
The commercial banks in Karnataka are lagging behind the schedule of achieving the financial inclusion targets set up by the ...
With the introduction of a 25-basis points (bps) provisioning on standard assets, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today tightened ...
Daiwa Asset Management, the money management arm of Japan’s Daiwa Securities, has started its fund management business in ...
With liquidity from traditional channels like banks and equity markets drying up for property developers, non-banking finance ...
Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) has increased the interest rates on domestic term deposits for various maturities between 1 and 5 ...
Healthy growth in core and fee incomes helped Axis Bank clock a 36 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended December. ...
Trade unions are up in arms against the reported refusal of the finance ministry to approve and notify an interest rate of 9.5 ...
No respite expected in the near future, say market players.
To make its stock market investments transparent and avoid further controversy, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has discontinued ...
Government bonds fell today amid fears of sharper-than-expected monetary tightening by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its ...
ING Vysya Bank has upped its term deposit rates across various maturity buckets by up to 1 per cent.
Settlement amount expected to be around Rs 300 crore.
The difference between 2- and 30-year Treasury yields widened to a record as investors demanded higher compensation when buying ...
Lenders sold Rs 28,830 crore of debt last quarter.
Commercial banks now prefer one-year certificate of deposit (CDs) to short-term paper (of three- to six-month duration) to raise ...
Switzerland’s central bank said it might have posted a record loss in 2010 as the euro’s slump eroded the value of ...
Citibank, which has been hit by a Rs 400 crore fraud at its Gurgaon branch, today said it is reconciling its accounts and working ...
China told banks to set aside more deposits as reserves for the fourth time in two months, stepping up efforts to rein in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said some banks were lax in checking end use of funds, thereby facilitating diversion of ...
Mortgage lender Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has posted a 32.8 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 891 crore for ...
Banking on a bike, laptop and a data card -- after the success of its crorepati branch, One rupee accounts and banking for youth, ...
Even as India has been cited as an example of prudential banking norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said some lenders ...
The government bond prices dropped due to fresh selling pressure from banks and corporates, while call money rates continued to ...
A senior NRI banking expert Deepak Ahuja today joined the State Bank of India, UK, as its head of Consumer Banking.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) today approached a local court, seeking issuance of arrest warrants against six former ...
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh today blamed the Rs 400-crore Citibank fraud on the absence of specific guidelines for wealth ...
Wall Street traders discouraged by declining bonuses this month can take solace: They still earn much more than brain surgeons ...
Union Bank of India has started meeting investors, seeking to raise at least 125 million Swiss franc ($128.5 million) in its ...
Debt securities of banks must be capable of being written off or converted into common stock in a crisis if they were to count ...
Rise of 3.57 per cent recorded in a fortnight.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to create a separate category in the non-banking finance company (NBFC) space to ...
Inordinate delays by the government in making appointments for crucial posts in Reserve Bank of India and State Bank of India ...
Rates on short-term money market instruments rose 5-10 basis points (bps) today as investors were cautious ahead of the Reserve ...
Insurers must divulge rural biz details, among other things, before FDI limit hike.
A Gurgaon court today denied anticipatory bail to Raghuraj Puri, the father of the main accused in the Citibank multi-crore ...
The yuan traded close to a 17-year high today after the US made renewed calls for China to let its currency rise ahead of ...
HDFC Ltd Chairman Deepak Parekh today blamed the Rs 400-crore Citibank fraud to absence of specific guidelines for wealth ...
HDFC Ltd Chairman Deepak Parekh today said RBI is expected to raise key short-term rates by 25-50 basis points later this month, ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland has appointed Madan Menon as Singapore country executive to drive its wholesale and investment banking ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to give new banking licences to create more capacity and competition in the Indian ...
The Gurgaon police have roped in a battery of chartered accountants to assist them in the multi-crore Citibank fraud case.
Bharti, Vodafone sign deals for mobile banking with SBI and ICICI, respectively.
Andhra Bank has introduced a new term deposits scheme ‘Pattabhi Plus’ at 9.1 per cent per annum for a tenure of 500 ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is set to launch a slew of initiatives under its repositioning ...
American International Group (AIG), the insurer repaying a United States bailout, agreed to sell Nan Shan Life Insurance Co to ...
Insurance companies now offer to cover funeral expenses under health and personal accident policy.
After receiving a tepid response last year, Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) is all set to raise Rs 2,928 crore ...
Mitsui & Co is in talks to acquire the remaining stake it doesn’t already own in Brazilian grain broker Multigrain SA ...
PEs confused over fixing conversion price and ratio fixed upfront.
The guidelines for initial public offers (IPOs) by life insurance companies would be released early next month, the Insurance ...
With inflation still at elevated levels, banks and key decision makers are bracing for an increase of up to 50 basis points (bps) ...
Home loan rates hit 10%, as do preferred corporate loans.
State Bank of India Chairman O P Bhatt expects the Reserve Bank to raise its key policy interest rates by at least 25 basis ...
Market regulator Sebi today said that it is looking into the idea of setting up SME Exchanges even though no bourses have ...
The interest rate on fixed deposits with a maturity period of 1-2 years has been increased by 25 basis points to 9.0 per cent, ...
State Bank of India (SBI) opened its first Financial Planning and Advisory Services centre in the country here on Tuesday.
The ...
SKS Microfinance, the only listed microfinance institution (MFI) in the country, has reduced interest rates from 26.69 per cent ...
Local banks in India are joining Goldman Sachs in predicting benchmark borrowing costs would climb one percentage point in 2011 ...
Those with plans to enter the wealth management business want to first put in place robust processes.
State Bank of India’s non-performing assets are likely to have peaked in Oct-Dec, but it would have to make provisions of ...
Banks, starved of liquidity, are competing with each other in offering attractive interest rates on fixed deposits.
Mutual funds invested in short-term money market instruments today due to inflows in their schemes.
The rates also fell by five ...
Express concern over slow deposit growth in pre-policy meeting with RBI.
Considering the needs of the speedy credit linkage and assisting the Self Help Groups in various documentation procedures and ...
Buoyed by the response in Haryana, Nabard’s Punjab Regional Office is all set to popularise joint liability groups (JLGs) ...
Public sector Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) is banking on retail credit for growth in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank today said it will raise Rs 2,600 crore in tier 2 capital this quarter to meet the growing ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank today announced an increase in fixed deposit rates by up to 175 basis, or 1.75 per cent, in ...
Amid liquidity squeeze and a higher-than-expected credit offtake, bankers today requested the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
Rural Electrification Corp and Union Bank of India are reviving bond sales to international investors after the market shut in ...
Wall Street banks are cutting their holdings of Treasuries at the fastest pace since 2004 as the world’s biggest bond firms ...
After carrying out a comprehensive health check-up of the financial sector in 2009, India has sought an assesment under the ...
Treasury gains, deposit growth expected to be lower.
Germany may soften its opposition to expanding the region’s 750 billion-euro ($966 billion) rescue facility as ...
After raising Rs 285 crore from private equity and venture capital firms, Star Health Allied Insurance, the country’s first ...
Liquidity pressures to top agenda of RBI’s meeting with bankers.
Financial services group Edelweiss Capital today said its subsidiary is targeting to lend about Rs 5,000 crore for retail housing ...
The Income Tax Department may conduct a probe of its own into the Rs 400-crore fraud exposed at Citibank’s Gurgaon branch ...
Fearing possible flow of black money into the system through jewellers and bullion dealers, the Reserve bank of India (RBI) has ...
With a little improvement in liquidity conditions, the interest rate in the interbank overnight market may open steady tomorrow ...
The Enforcement Directorate has sought a copy of the FIR filed by the police on the Rs 400-crore Citibank fraud with a view to ...
International Monetary Fund First Deputy Managing Director John Lipsky said US government finances will present policy makers ...
The Enforcement Directorate has sought a copy of the FIR filed by the police on the Rs 400 crore Citibank fraud with a view to ...
Fearing possible flow of black money into the system through jewellers and bullion dealers, RBI has asked banks to treat such ...
It may be a routine 'risk factor' disclaimer, but global giant Citibank has acknowledged that it runs the risk of possible fraud ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Shyamala Gopinath today said the central bank was not keen on allowing banks to ...
Days after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) clamped down on the main conduit Indian companies use for paying Iranian oil, State ...
European Central Bank (ECB) President Jean- Claude Trichet warned governments not to rely on the ECB to get Europe out of its ...
Home loan rates are likely to remain firm for a short period of time, owing to change in policy rates, said Madhumita Ganguli, ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Subbarao today said the status quo maintained by the central bank in the policy rates in the ...
Shivraj Puri, a Citibank manager who allegedly swindled the bank’s rich clients of around Rs 300 crore, is understood to ...
A sharp rise in food inflation hit the auction for government securities worth Rs 11,000 crore today, forcing bond houses to buy ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today outlined for the central bank a comprehensive communication strategy aimed ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are working in close association in ...
At a time when the country is reeling under inflationary pressure, principal advisor to the Planning Commission Pronab Sen today ...
This includes Rs 200 crore to be disbursed by the company in Orissa in this fiscal.
Private mortgage lender HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh today hit out at the National Housing Bank's (NHB) decision to raise ...
State-run Bank of Baroda (BoB) today hiked interest rates on fixed deposits of different maturities in the range of 25 to 75 ...
Sebi has begun the process of finalising its guidelines on the way bourses are owned and do business, based on the feedback ...
Widening the ambit of its probe, the police today sought information from the National Stock Exchange (NSE) about investments ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today proposed timelines for banks to migrate to advanced risk norms under Basel II, which ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today gave banks another six months, till June 30, to adopt the new method for computing base ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) today said India might need to increase policy rates to contain inflation.
It also ...
Credit Analysis and Research Ltd (Care Ratings) has said it has got the licence to conduct credit ratings in Maldives.
Care has ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is unlikely to merge any of its associate banks with itself in 2011, an official close to the ...
Assets in money-market funds with fixed payout dates doubled in the past six months, outstripping stock and bond funds, as the ...
He would have 31 meetings during his short stay in India to “build relationships” with government officials and ...
The risk of owning an Indian corporate bond has dropped the most compared to markets like China and Russia as well as troubled ...
‘Though CPI numbers are still high, prices are declining rapidly’.
Food inflation, which has risen for five consecutive weeks to a 23-week high, is expected to impact broader prices and put ...
Indian Bank has won the Skoch Financial Inclusion Award of the year 2011 for its self-help group (SHG) initiatives and urban ...
High net-worth clients are calling Shiv Gupta, RBS’s private banking head, demanding to know whether their money is safe. ...
Axis Bank on Thursday launched AxisDirect, an online trading platform.
This marks the private sector bank's entry into the retail ...
Now, the bank's mantra was "profitable and sustainable" growth, Kochhar said
Despite the low premium and high benefits, the insurance schemes for handloom weavers has virtually remained a non-starter in ...
Banking in rural areas in Madhya Pradesh is still a distant dream.
Against the target of making rural banking available through ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today gave banks another six months till June 30 to adopt the new method for computing base rate ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today asked insurance companies to refrain from charging policyholders ...
Deutsche Bank AG and Rabobank Nederland led European lenders selling US bonds yesterday ahead of euro-area countries, beset by ...
Public sector Indian Bank plans to venture into life insurance.
It is looking at floating a consortium with domestic and foreign ...
Wells Fargo & Co, the best rupee forecaster in 2010, predicts the currency’s appreciation to double this year as the ...
They have invested Rs 25,000-30,000 cr in this financial year.
Says controlling prices a continuous effort, can’t be done in a day.
The National Housing Bank (NHB) will roll out its mortgage guarantee company by June this year.
The firm is being set up to ...
Interest rates for deposits up to and including Rs 1 crore are now 4 per cent (7-14 days), 5 per cent (15-45 days), 6 per cent ...
Federal Reserve officials signaled they’ll probably push ahead with unprecedented stimulus until the recovery strengthens ...
In a startling development in the multi-crore financial scam in Gurgaon, investigators have now trained their guns on more local ...
State Bank of India (SBI) was looking to raise at least Rs 1,000 crore through its second retail bond issue and was likely to ...
The dollar gained the most in eight weeks against the yen as a report showed US companies added almost three times jobs in ...
The philanthropic fund started by Pierre Omidyar, the founder of Ebay Inc, plans to be the biggest investor in projects targeting ...
Rates on short-term debt instruments fell by 25-30 basis points today, as liquidity in the banking system has improved ...
State Bank of Mysore, a subsidiary of the country's largest lender SBI, today announced that it will hike its benchmark prime ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India today said its rights issue to raise Rs 2,500 crore would hit the markets in this ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Patiala has announced a 50 basis points hike in interest rates on term deposits of various ...
The third largest private sector lender Axis Bank today launched AxisDirect, an online trading platform, marking its foray into ...
Merchant bankers can not refer clients for alternative investments beyond securities market, such as corporate deposits and real ...
Citibank has dismissed allegations of involvement of its senior executives in the Rs 300 crore fraud at its Gurgaon branch as ...
The European Union (EU) may give regulators powers to block new products and limit trading risks at banks deemed too big to fail, ...
The crisis at Citibank over the Rs 300-crore fraud case deepened today, with one of those duped filing a police case against the ...
Private lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank was looking at a qualified institutional placement (QIP) in February-March to improve its ...
The one-year interest-rate swap climbed to the highest relative to the benchmark lending rate since July 2008, as rising prices ...
Shortage of cash may prompt move, says CFO.
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s ) move to block dollar or euro payments for Iranian oil threatens to swell a ...
Rising cost of funds is making banks revisit credit growth estimates.
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest ...
Rates on short-term money market instruments fell 5-10 basis points today because mutual funds received inflows in their schemes, ...
Increased govt spending, rise in deposit rates ease cash crunch.
New Delhi-based insurance and healthcare provider Max India today said it will conduct a postal ballot to seek its shareholders' ...
Public sector lender Bank of India today increased interest rates on a few fixed deposit schemes by up to 0.75 per cent.
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) plans to replace the provident fund (PF) account number with a unique ...
Despite modifying its teaser home loan scheme, State Bank of India (SBI) may have to make higher provisions for such loans as ...
Shivraj Puri, the alleged mastermind behind the Rs 300-crore Citibank fraud, invested most of the funds raised from corporate ...
Thanks to its indemnity cover, Citibank may not have to provide for the alleged multi-crore fraud by Shivraj Puri, the ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Ltd, a 74.26 joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and AXA Group, has set the target of ...
For the first time on record, investors are demanding a smaller premium to own US corporate bonds than global company debt.
Micro-finance institutions (MFIs) are planning to take legal action against YES Bank’s move to recall a part of its loans ...
Mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines today due to limited inflows in their schemes, dealers said.
Bank of America (BofA) will make a provision for charges worth $3 billion in the fourth quarter, related to repurchase of bad ...
In a bid to secure new growth engines, South Korean banks plan to increase their operations in overseas markets including opening ...
State lender Punjab National Bank today said Rakesh Sethi has been appointed as the bank's executive director for a period of ...
State-run bank State Bank of India has revised the Base Rate upwards by 40 basis points (bps) from 7.60% p.a. to 8.00% p.a.
A study of 21 large banks in the country has found that foreign banks, led by Citi India, have the highest employee cost and HDFC ...
The counsel of Shivraj Puri, alleged mastermind behind the Rs 300-crore Citibank fraud, moved a local court today, seeking ...
RBI will carry out two surveys — on industrial outlook and on capacity utilisation by the manufacturing sector.
It has ...
Tamil Nadu has become the second largest state after Andhra Pradesh in the self-help group (SHG)-bank linkage programme launched ...
For speedier transfer of funds electronically, banks will henceforth demand only the customer’s account number for such ...
The interest rate in the overnight inter-bank market may see pressure to move up, due to demand for funds in the first week of ...
Amid a surge in the number of bank scams, including the recent Rs 400-crore Citibank fraud, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has done away with the fixed rate on home loans in the initial years and offered a fixed discount ...
The Credit Deposit Ratio (CD), of commercialbanks (CBs) and regional rural bank (RRBs) declined to 109 per cent as of March 31, ...
Bank to argue with the Reserve Bank that new norms don’t apply to floating rate schemes.
Banks, which of late are seeing lower repayments from microfinance institutions, are facing a similar problem again.
This time, ...
RBI has given banks one more month to put in place an extra layer of security -- one-time user password -- for credit card ...
Helps save premium but maturity benefits lower than individual policies.
Treasuries rose as the 9.8 per cent unemployment rate, record low inflation and Europe's deepening sovereign-debt crisis stoked ...
Punjab National Bank is planning a foray into the insurance business.
The Delhi-based bank has invited expressions of interest ...
The Andhra Pradesh Micro Finance Institutions (Regulation of Money Lending) Act, 2011, which aims at curtailing coercive ...
A key question in the minds of people who have been defrauded, including the Hero group, is why Citibank went to police when the ...
After two days of investigations in the multi-crore financial fraud at Citibank, the Gurgaon police have found that the main ...
As of October, the outstanding amount stood at Rs 2,098 crore, or 16.42% of the total.
The credit-deposit ratio (CD) of commercial banks and regional rural banks (RRBs) in Tamil Nadu declined to 109 per cent as of ...
The government today voiced concern over artificial devaluation of currencies and said it could hurt the competitiveness of ...
Having already adopted 75 unbanked villages in the country to be developed as ‘model villages’, the Reserve Bank of ...
India’s external debt increased 12.8 per cent to $295.8 billion at the end of September 2010 from $262.3 billion at the end ...
Aided by higher trade deficit and lower net invisibles, India’s current account deficit in the September quarter widened to ...
A day after the Gurgaon police arrested Shivraj Puri, a relationship manager of Citibank on charges of duping wealthy clients of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has initiated a probe into the Rs 300-crore fraud at Citibank’s Gurgaon branch and will ...
SBI also raises its deposit rates by 50-100 basis points.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has estimated the priority sector credit potential for Andhra ...
State-owned Indian Overseas Bank may raise $250-500 million through medium term notes (MTN) in the next six months, a top ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today hiked its minimum rate of lending or base rate by 0.25 per cent to 8.25 per cent, ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today held the first meeting of the Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC), a ...
Corporation Bank last revised its rates raising its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate by 25 basis points to 13%.
Two days after it was told about a huge financial fraud in Delhi’s suburban town, the Gurgaon police arrested the prime ...
A former Primary Global Research expert-networking consultant was charged by US prosecutors in Manhattan with selling inside ...
RBI ask banks to guard against dilution in credit appraisal.
Every crisis need not necessarily have a silver lining.
However, according to the trend witnessed in 2010, it is clear such ...
The recent revelations of financial irregularities, as in real estate firms allegedly involved in a loan syndication bribery case ...
State-run Punjab and Sind Bank (PSB) had an impressive listing on Thursday, shooting nearly 22 per cent in first trades, even as ...
Growth may sustain but inflation not likely to ease, becoming structural.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday expressed concerns over the growing offshore dollar/rupee market and said it ...
Corporate bond sales worldwide topped $3 trillion for a second straight year, led by the highest-ever issuance of junk-rated ...
Inflation remains a concern for the economy and the central bank will do whatever it can to dampen it if it feels the measures ...
Financial inclusion requires work by mainstream financial institutions, such as banks and cooperatives, said K C Chakrabarty, ...
Rs 38,000-cr fall in deposits, Credit expand by Rs 45,000 cr.
Fee for underwriting stock sales in India may remain near all-time lows as investment banks battle for market share, according to ...
Citibank faces a significant liability from the Rs 300-400-crore loss incurred by high net-worth customers.
The loss followed a ...
Global private equity giant Blackstone has emerged as the top private equity investor in India investing a total of $441 million ...
Rates on commercial papers fell 15-20 basis points on Thursday, as fund houses stepped up purchases on inflows in their liquid ...
Chennai-headquartered Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited (Chola MS), a joint venture between Murugappa Group and ...
Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Thursday asked banks to rescue farmers by promptly rescheduling the kharif 2010 crop loans, ...
Pointing to the risk of regulatory arbitrage, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said the issue of multiple regulators ...
Firms audit HNI accounts, as concern among clients grows.
Global private equity giant Blackstone has emerged as the top private equity investor in India investing a total of $441 million ...
Rates on short-term money market instruments fell 5-10 basis points today as fund houses bought certificates of deposit on view ...
The recent guidelines on loan-to-value ratio and higher provisioning may help curb speculation in the property markets and even ...
The Uttar Pradesh government on Wednesday decided to waive off the prerequisite government guarantee and fee for cash credit up ...
Indian mergers and acquisitions in 2011 may surpass this year’s record $71 billion of deals, led by oil and gas, metals and ...
With the quarter coming to an end, banks are rushing for certificate of deposits to shore up their deposit base to meet their ...
Sweden’s central bank may set the direction for other policy makers as it looks beyond conventional inflation targets to ...
The bank expects to meet 20% deposit and 23% credit growth, says CMD.
The tight liquidity situation will soften in the next 2-3 weeks due to the infusion of more money into the macro system.
Leveraged-loan issuance in the U.S. more than doubled this year, as private-equity firms sought funds for buyouts and borrowers ...
To look into sources of funds invested by HNIs.
State Bank of India will extend its teaser home loan scheme beyond December 31 despite the Reserve Bank of India’s concerns ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India today announced concessional rates for dairy, poultry and horticulture sector, under ...
State-owned Union Bank of India today said it is planning to raise $200 million (about Rs 900 crore) from the overseas market in ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Ltd has been given the mandate to provide weather-based crop insurance for the ongoing ...
Swiss central bank President Philipp Hildebrand, who ended 15 months of intervening in foreign-exchange markets this year, may ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit persisted on Tuesday because most banks raised funds to shore up their deposits and ...
After experimenting with different permutations and combinations, banks have realised that it is the customer who will decide the ...
State Bank of India Deputy Managing Director Pratip Chaudhuri is likely to replace incumbent Chairman O P Bhatt when he retires ...
In a major fraud at the Gurgaon branch of Citibank India, the local police have discovered that a relationship manager for high ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has given an in-principle approval to the proposed insurance ventures ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, on Tuesday raised Rs 500 crore at 9.05 per cent through ...
Board meet on Dec 30 to decide base rate increase, teaser extension.
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) is planning a rights issue this financial year.
It plans to raise Rs 450 crore before May.
2010 may go down as the year of the scams but it was also a significant year for sector regulators.
Several found their powers ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday issued final guidelines on over-the-counter foreign exchange derivatives and overseas ...
Backed by the launch of its new brand identity, Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited (Chola MS), a joint venture ...
The regulator has conveyed that intermediaries have to be employed by lenders, not borrowers.
The Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) will be converting its five-year-old representative office in China into its full scale branch, a ...
RBI's tight monetary policy brought about constant movement in the lending and deposit rates by banks during the year, a trend ...
Of this, while the PSU banks have disbursed Rs 97.56 crore and the private banks Rs 81.6 lakh, the education loan exposure of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday announced reduction in the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), the portion of deposits ...
The government was likely to notify the formation of the Financial Stability Development Council (FSDC) on Friday, a finance ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) took a number of steps in 2010 to ensure that life insurance products ...
India Inc raised nearly $1.13 billion in November this year through external commercial borrowings (ECBs), according to the ...
Funding long-term assets like infrastructure and homes with resources (mostly deposits) having short tenures has landed banks in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today clarified that a certificate from a single bank would suffice on the quality of assets of a ...
SBI Cap to study viability of debt restructuring, will submit report in a month.
These also help these big companies understand India better.
The Wall Street's biggest bond-trading firms say investors in US government debt will barely break even next year as yields climb ...
After the launch of its reverse mortgage scheme for senior citizens, the Central Bank of India (CBI) is now targeting cities like ...
For all the losses facing Europeans this year, investors from the region who bought US stocks as the euro weakened are getting ...
Russia has expanded the list of investment banks that will advise it on its planned $59 billion state asset sale programme over ...
Banks will ask for an additional password from their credit card customers from the new year for any transactions conducted over ...
The government will retain its borrowing plan of Rs 4.47 lakh crore this financial year, despite reducing the size of market ...
India is likely to get over $7 billion in private equity (PE) investments in 2010, as robust economic growth is making the ...
The call money rate is expected to open firm on Monday, as liquidity may remain tight until the government steps up spending.
An order passed by Chief Information Commissioner Satyananda Mishra makes it mandatory for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
Renewable-energy funds suffered record outflows this year, reversing their direction from 2009, as money managers including ...
Goldman Sachs Group, weighing 2010 pay packages for a year that could rank as Wall Street’s second best, said it may grant ...
Driven by higher earnings due to increase in lending rates, commercial banks are expected to report 25 per cent year-on-year ...
Banks raised Rs 16,500 crore through short-term instruments this week to meet quarter-end targets.
The World Bank today signed a credit agreement of $154 million (around Rs 719 crore) for additional financing of the Tamil Nadu ...
National Federation of Urban Co-operative Banks & Credit Societies Ltd (NFUCBCS) and Gujarat Urban Co-Operative Banks ...
Often criticised for offering less attractive interest rates than banks for most of the last five years, retirement fund manager ...
Central bank raises cap on LTV ratio to 90%.
To start with issues of GMR, GVK, Reliance Power and Lanco, aggregating Rs 5,000 crore.
With the bribe-for-loan scandal still fresh in public memory, President Pratibha Patil on Thursday asked bankers to uphold the ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said investor speculation over which money market mutual funds are likely to be bailed ...
Finance Minister Brian Lenihan secured approval from the Dublin-based court today to inject ¤3.7 billion ($4.8 billion) ...
Returns on NAV-guaranteed plans are higher than debt products.
The Rs 1,000 crore North Cachar (NC) Hills financial scam has heated up the political atmosphere in Assam ahead of the upcoming ...
Banks have opposed corporate houses being given banking licences due to “unsatisfactory past experiences”.
First meeting scheduled around month-end.
Concerned over excessive flow of banking funds to the real estate sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said lenders will ...
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ), the largest associate bank of SBI, has approached the market regulator Sebi for approval ...
Banks have advised the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) against allowing industrial houses to enter banking space, even as industry ...
Tamil Nadu has registered a credit deposit (CD) ratio of 108.75 per cent, which is one of the highest in the country.
Total ...
Non banking finance company (NBFC), Dhadanpani Finance, is diversifying into infrastructure lending.
Its debt restructuring ...
The three-member sub-committee formed to look into the details of investment made by the country’s largest life insurer, ...
Property developers are knocking on the doors of portfolio managers, private equity (PE) funds, non-banking finance companies ...
Three big funds launched two-three years ago post positive returns.
Carlyle Group and Bain Capital LLC are among at least five companies that submitted bids for PAI Partners’ majority stake ...
Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance (SUD Life) is eyeing the vast rural market in Uttar Pradesh for future growth.
The country’s inflation rate is not coming down as fast as the central bank would like and upside risks remains, according ...
Issuance of certificates of deposit (CD) rose on Wednesday, as did the rates, because banks continued to issue these instruments ...
‘Money to start coming back into the system in the next few months’.
More than 500 representatives from 27 nations, including top regulators and central bankers, met dozens of times this year to ...
Bloomberg News filed a lawsuit against the European Central Bank, seeking to make it disclose documents showing how Greece used ...
The European Central Bank will lend banks euro 149.5 billion ($196.8 billion) for three months to meet their liquidity needs over ...
As part of its expansion plans in health insurance segment, Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Ltd, a 74.26 joint venture ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) may finally have something to cheer about.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said it ...
Toronto-Dominion Bank agreed to buy Chrysler Financial Corp from Cerberus Capital Management LP for $6.3 billion in cash, adding ...
Insurers reduce dependence on Ulips after Irda’s new norms shrink margins.
The hardening of interest rates would depend on inflation in the coming two to three months, Chairman of Prime Minister’s ...
The rates on short-term papers rose 5-10 basis points because banks issued certificates of deposit (CD) on Tuesday to refinance ...
Some tech firms have floated non-profit subsidiaries to work as business correspondents.
Eyeing NRI remittances from the Gulf, Dhanlaxmi Bank on Tuesday entered into a tie-up with Doha Bank, Qatar’s largest bank, ...
ASK Property Investment Advisors, part of the Mumbai-based ASK group, will raise Rs 1,000 crore from high networth individuals ...
Firms double funding this year, as govt, multilateral agencies push sector.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has set the credit flow potential for Karnataka at Rs 41,085.23 ...
The Rushikulya Gramya Bank (RGB), one of the five Regional Rural Banks (RRB) in Orissa, has initiated the process of adopting ...
Splitting your term plan with variable tenures will help.
Bankers today expressed concern over falling credit deposit ratio, particularly in urban areas.
Moreover, the poor disbursement ...
The Plan panel has asked the Finance Ministry to examine the possibility of setting up several infrastructure debt funds (IDFs) ...
Leading public sector bank Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said that liquidity in the system is likely to soften in the next 15-20 ...
Reflecting a big cash crunch in the system, banks made huge borrowings from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the second ...
The Federal Reserve said it will limit its purchases to 70 per cent of any single Treasury security as part of its plan to expand ...
The Bank of England will start raising interest rates within six months to curb inflation, the Confederation of British Industry ...
Mortgage firms are pressing the Federal Reserve to curb homeowners’ right to invalidate loans based on flawed documents ...
Traders, bankers and brokers face a bonus of nothing, see little consolation in salaries doubling.
The cost of protecting State Bank of India’s (SBI’s) debt from default fell for 11 straight days, the longest stretch ...
Goldman Sachs, the world’s most profitable investment bank, is finally set to launch its Indian mutual fund business in ...
The business risk profiles of cotton yarn spinners are likely to improve in the medium term, backed by robust cash flows ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has annulled the appointment of consultant to advise on the revamp of IFCI Ltd, according to a ...
New Ulip rules hurt, but premium collected by selling new policies rises 39%.
A majority of hospitals empanelled under the flagship Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY), a cashless health insurance cover to ...
The US may come out ahead in 2011 as policy makers from Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke to Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao ...
Union Bank, Punjab National Bank and State Bank of India to set up skill development institutes in Uttarakhand.
The revelation that regulators received forged letters denouncing banks’ “cartel-like control” of derivatives ...
Short-term rate eases, but one-year rates harden.
Shares of SKS Microfinance, the only-listed microfinance company, declined 8.77 per cent on Monday to Rs 603.85 at the Bombay ...
The Central Bank of India plans to open branches in some Asian and African countries as it begins its centenary celebrations ...
The interest rates in the overnight inter-bank market may open on a steady note due to Reserve Bank of India’s steps to ...
‘Margin should be adequate to cover the transaction cost and the risk element’.
The extra yield Treasury investors demand to hold 10-year notes over 2-year securities touched the widest since February on ...
Union Bank of India raised its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points (bps) to 13.25 per cent today.
Indian ...
The role of banks to nurture the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) sector by going beyond just providing finance was ...
Even as investors await regulatory clarity, allocation to Indian MFIs won’t dip.
Pay attention to administrative and mortality fees.
Indian Overseas Bank has increased the benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) of the Bank by 25 basis points.
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today increased its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 0.50 per cent to 13.25 per ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will soon be opening its first project management unit (PMU) in Shimla and the project ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is tapping potential in large industries in Madhya Pradesh, particularly in the power sector.
The bank is ...
In order to popularise Joint Liability Groups (JLG) in Haryana, which primarily consist of tenant farmers and small-scale farmers ...
The Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has achieved 10 to 11 per cent growth in the current financial year, in deposit and advances, ...
With an improvement in business environment and economic growth, loans referred to the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) forum ...
Calling out for bridling of micro credit industry in India, Nobel Laureate and founder of Bangladesh's Grameen Bank Muhammad ...
Private equity (PE) investors are alarmed by the Andhra Pradesh government’s move to bar micro finance institutions (MFIs) ...
Devotees may seek solace inside their holy precincts, but cash-rich and gold-laden temples across India are seeking somewhat less ...
Visa Inc and MasterCard Inc may face permanent damage to the fastest-growing part of their business after the US Federal Reserve ...
Even as the government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are actively working on developing a corporate bond market, former RBI ...
A travel policy is not enough as most domestic ones do not provide health cover.
Rates on short-term money market instruments fell by 10-15 basis points on Thursday after the Reserve Bank of India cut the ...
The bonds rose, driving yields to the lowest level in six weeks, as the central bank said it would repurchase Rs 48,000 crore ...
Basel bank regulators said rules on capital requirements would have forced financial institutions to raise euro 602 billion ($797 ...
Goldman Sachs Group’s top executives will get about $111.3 million in stock next month in a delayed payout from last year ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company Limited (IDFC) has invested Rs 150 crore in TRIL Infopark, a company floated by Tata ...
Morgan Stanley plans to increase the number of private bankers in India by 30 per cent next year, according to Himanshu Bhagat, ...
Banks’ profitability is expected to grow in the coming quarters due to benign operating environment, but high inflation and ...
Reserve bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Thursday said the central bank recognised the need to take the burden ...
Morgan Sze, global head of Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s principal strategies proprietary trading desk, plans to start a global ...
Need to cap interest rates, govt tells Malegam committee.
Anand Rathi Financial Services has completed the first round of fund-raising for the realty fund it has set up with Knight Frank ...
Will also help NRI customers apply for PAN cards, passports.
Barclays Bank PLC today inaugurated its first branch in Pune located at Satguru Centre, Mouje Bund Garden Road.
Banks would have required an additional $602 billion in capital at the end of 2009 to meet new Basel III rules aimed at boosting ...
Indranil Pan, Chief Economist, Kotak Mahindra Bank talks to Krishna Merchant on today's RBI policy review and the likely impact.
The Bankex is trading higher by 2% and realty is up 1% compared with the sub-1% rise in the benchmark Sensex.
However, the auto ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to reduced the Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) of scheduled commercial ...
The Indian rupee fell by 16 paise to Rs 45.56 against the US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, ...
During an interactive session with the senior officials of the state government and bankers in the state capital on Tuesday, ...
DBS Group Holdings, Southeast Asia’s biggest bank, said it will take over Royal Bank of Scotland Group’s retail and ...
Federal Reserve policy makers indicated that signs of economic strength won’t deter them from pumping money into the ...
Nearly 350 girls and boys joined the State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest bank, in Uttarakhand as clerks today.
Sweden’s central bank raised its benchmark repo rate for a fourth time since July and repeated a forecast for more ...
Spain’s credit rating may be cut from Aa1, Moody’s Investors Service said, as the government prepares its final bond ...
State-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) on Thursday said it had entered into joint venture agreement with BBVA (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya ...
Axis Bank today said it had signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Idea Cellular, whereby Idea will act as a Business ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit fell today because investors preferred to remain on sidelines, as most were eyeing the ...
Moscow’s Micex exchange started trading the yuan against the ruble for the first time on Wednesday, as Russia and China ...
Bank may raise the fixed rate or offer it only for the first year.
Launching the ING Market Shield, its new unit-linked insurance plan (Ulip) here, Rahul Agarwal, chief distribution officer of ING ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will probably resume Asia’s fastest round of interest-rate increases next month, after ...
You might have expected Reserve Bank of India Governor D.
Subbarao to ponder over the country's economic problems and banks' fund ...
Hectic selling in financial and realty stocks ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI's) monetary policy review halted ...
The Bill replaces the Andhra Pradesh Micro Finance Institutions (Regulation of Money Lending) Ordinance that the government ...
Credit growth rises 23 per cent
in fortnight, deposits grow just 15 per cent.
Rajkot-based Atul Auto Ltd and Punjab National Bank (PNB) today signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to provide auto ...
The central board of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has opposed a government move to have control over the central bank’s ...
The government may buy more bonds from the market to ease the worst cash crunch in 10 years, according to companies obliged to ...
According to the annual report released by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), the expense increase was ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) rose on Tuesday as banks were keen on raising funds with the liquidity remaining tight ...
Life insurance companies suffered a cumulative loss of Rs 20,143 crore in 2009-10, according to the Insurance Regulatory and ...
After one-and-a-half decade of rivalry and public sparring, the Catholic church in Kerala said it was giving up efforts to wrest ...
Ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) monetary policy this week, the Prime Minister’s economic panel on ...
Allahabad Bank is planning to expand its international operations by setting up new offices at China, Hong Kong and Bangladesh. ...
Allied Irish Banks Plc, which is being bailed out by the government, decided not to pay bonuses to certain employees following a ...
US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke may find his options for reducing unemployment near a 26-year high are constrained ...
Some economists expect inflation to bounce back in the next few months.
The European Central Bank is considering asking euro-region members for a capital increase to protect itself from any losses ...
Private life insurer ING Life India today launched ING Market Shield, a new Unit Linked Insurance Plan (Ulip), in the Uttar ...
European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet said European governments should consider extending and broadening the ...
Bangalore-headquartered private life insurer ING Vysya Life Insurance is hopeful of achieving a premium collection target of Rs ...
The rupee strengthened to its highest level in nearly a week on Tuesday boosted by gains in other Asian currencies, but choppy ...
The Murugappa group has announced a re-branding of its financial services business, aiming to strengthen its position in the ...
I own a farmhouse in Lonavala.
I have a caretaker who looks after the house.
We only have basic furniture and utensils there, and ...
More than 70 per cent of Americans say big bonuses should be banned this year at Wall Street firms that took taxpayer bailouts, a ...
The veteran deal maker is likely to launch the fund next month.
Wall Street’s biggest banks, rebounding after a government bailout, are set to complete their best two years in investment ...
Following in the footsteps of the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
The US bond market is giving dollar bulls more reason to be optimistic after driving the greenback higher against the other 16 ...
IndiaPay, the country’s first indigenous payment gateway, is set to take on the global big boys — MasterCard and Visa ...
Routes large orders through brokerages of public sector entities.
Liquidity expected to remain tight, further rise in deposit rates possible.
China is likely to set a target of at least 7 trillion yuan ($1.1 trillion) of new loans for 2011 after leaders met to decide key ...
Upto Rs.
Public sector banking major Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said that it will increase its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 75 ...
State Bank of India's complaint redressal service ‘SMS “Unhappy”’ received 24,000 complaints from the ...
Legislative affairs minister D Sridhar Babu on Saturday introduced the Andhra Pradesh Micro Finance Institutions (Regulation of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to extend services to villages with a population of over 2,000 persons by March ...
The liquidity crunch faced by banks is expected to continue, as companies get ready to pay the third tranche of advance corporate ...
Legislative Affairs Minister D Sridhar Babu today introduced the Andhra Pradesh Microfinance Institutions (Regulation of Money ...
Underwriting losses the biggest issue for insurers: Chairman.
The US Federal Reserve’s plan to boost purchases of bonds poses “considerable” risks by increasing capital ...
London bankers and other financial- services employees will spend about 1 billion pounds ($1.6 billion) of their 2010 bonus money ...
Canara Bank has again raised the domestic term deposit rates across various maturities.
TCS, Bartronics in race for the five years contract estimated at Rs 100-120 cr.
May increase rates if inflation doesn’t come within RBI’s comfort zone: Chakrabarty.
China ordered lenders to park more money with the central bank for the third time in five weeks to counter the threat from ...
The Union Bank today said it is expecting lending rates to go up by 50 basis points (0.5 per cent) shortly.
Uttarakhand Chief Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank today assured Union Bank of India of shortly providing the land needed to set ...
Deposits with a maturity of one-year and above up to and inclusive of 699-days will now carry a rate of 8 per cent as against the ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank
has secured a $100 million ECA (export credit agency) line of credit from Germany's DZ Bank.
Exim Bank, the leading export finance institution to promote exports, would actively provide finance for R&D activity by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has told banks not to charge more than Rs 5 for any cash deposit made at a non-home branch (other ...
The chairman of the Prime Minister’s economic Advisory Council, C Rangarajan, has asked microfinance institutions (MFIs) to ...
Indiareit Fund Advisors, a real estate venture capital fund backed by 3i Group, plans to raise about $622 million in three new ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s permission to banks for roping in for-profit companies as business correspondents (BCs) for ...
Not to invest in LICHF till the probe report is out.
The UK government will tax banks’ balance sheets at a higher rate than first proposed, raising almost 9 billion pounds ($14 ...
The Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) plans to consolidate its presence in northern India by adding a branch network.
According to H S ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that public opinion on granting new bank licences was divided.
RBI would study the ...
Euro zone has been a persistent source of uncertainty for India, says Gokarn.
Reeling under huge debts, the West Bengal government has sought relaxation in its borrowing programme from the Reserve Bank of ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Thursday said while the central bank was deeply conscious of the continuing ...
The main object of the bank's public issue is to augment its capital base to meet its capital adequacy norms for future capital ...
The India rupee moved up marginally by 1 paise to Rs 45.07 against dollar in the early trade today at the Interbank Foreign ...
After almost doubling its loan book in just two-and-a half years, Punjab & Sind Bank (P&SB) is shifting to a lower gear ...
Government-owned Punjab & Sind Bank is entering the capital market with an initial public offer (IPO) of 40 million shares in ...
Karam Butalia, a former Standard Chartered foreperson, is floating a $500 million private equity fund – KV Asia Capital, ...
Kotak Mahindra Group’s asset reconstruction business arm, Phoenix ARC, is set to raise a global fund of Rs 300 crore from ...
The Andhra Pradesh government will introduce the microfinance Bill on December 10, a senior bureaucrat said.
The bill seeks to ...
‘The pressure of bad loans from the sector not much’.
Short-term rates seem to be shooting through the roof.
Acute shortage of liquidity made banks raise three-month funds via ...
Aided by government health schemes and correction in rates, insurance for health and personal accidents recorded highest growth ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said while it was not contemplating a cap on interest rates charged by microfinance ...
Reserve Bank of India governor D Subbarao today said the central bank was unsure about the impact if savings rates were ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Duvvuri Subbarao on Wednesday said inflation was still above the central bank’s ...
Faced with tight liquidity condition, banks have started offering high interest rate of 9.5 per cent on certificate of deposit ...
Public lender State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur today said it has hiked deposit rates by up to 105 basis points on select ...
In a major relief to the housing finance sector, the Competition Commission of India has ruled that the system of imposing ...
The government will conduct an interview on December 16 to find a successor to current State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P ...
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) today increased its retail deposit rates by 50-100 basis points.
With this, the bank’s ...
Toronto-Dominion Bank may reach an agreement as soon as this week to acquire Chrysler Financial Corp, the auto-loan company owned ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said that appointing non-banking financial institutions (NBFCs) as business ...
Former CEO’s arrest seems to have raised cost of funds.
Dismissing reports that the microfinance sector was on the verge of collapse, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir ...
Buyout speculation that sent credit derivatives on companies from Cardinal Health Inc to Dell Inc soaring two months ago is ...
Investors continued to purchase three-month certificates of deposit (CD) today due to the better rates these papers offered ...
The rupee rose 30 paise on Tuesday against the dollar to close at 44.65, its highest gain in three weeks.The rise was partially ...
Over Rs 1 lakh crore worth of CDs face redemption in December.
More than 200 billion yuan of cash is expected to return to the financial system this month from maturing bills and repurchase ...
Concerned over large-scale frauds, the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has directed all chief vigilance officers (CVO) of ...
The Treasury said it disposed of 2.4 billion shares at $4.35 each, compared with yesterday’s closing price of $4.45 on the ...
Urban Cooperative Banks (UCBs) in India see doubling of business from Rs 1.8 lakh crore to Rs 3.6 lakh crore in next five years, ...
Carrying forward its gains for the sixth straight session today, Indian Rupee today climbed by 10 paise to Rs 44.84 against the ...
Central bank pushes banks to provide basic banking services in villages.
"We will be coming out with a traditional child plan and a ULIP in January 2011.
We would like to reach out to more and more ...
Barclays Capital jumped 24 places, the biggest climb by any bank in 2010, to become the No 4 bond underwriter in India, after it ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said the economy is barely expanding at a sustainable pace and that it’s possible ...
Board meet to give govt final say on central bank’s staff-related matters.
SBI has appointed Hemant Contractor, deputy managing director, its new chief financial officer, replacing S S Ranjan.
Public sector Bank of Baroda (BoB) plans to open 900 new branches across the country by the end of fiscal 2011-12 and will come ...
Rating agency Fitch has downgraded ING Vysya Bank to “AA-” from “AA”. However, the outlook on long-term ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, is planning to reorganise its entire mid-corporate group (MCG), ...
Move comes days after RBI governor advised banks to do so.
Rates on short-term money market instruments rose by 5-10 basis points today because of the continued tight liquidity in the ...
Headland Capital Partners, formerly HSBC Private Equity (Asia) Ltd, is betting big on India and plans to launch a dedicated ...
The G N Bajpai committee, appointed to look into the problems stifling the growth of the National Pension Scheme (NPS) and to ...
Not happy with the poor response to the new pension system (NPS), sector regulator Pension Fund Regulatory and Development ...
The Indian rupee today opened 15 paise up at Rs 44.95 a dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market, tracking gains in most ...
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority’s (Irda’s) much-awaited health insurance guidelines are expected ...
Concerned about the fast pace of regulatory changes being brought into the sector, the life insurance industry has approached ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance today said it would come up with two new unit-linked plans, a majority of whose corpus will be invested ...
Rating agency Fitch has downgraded the rating of ING Vysya Bank to “AA-“ from “AA”. The outlook on its ...
The government has begun the process for selecting chiefs of at least eight public sector banks, including the country's biggest ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said Indian banks should lower lower net interest margins by increasing efficiency, ...
The present tight liquidity condition is likely to ease soon, as a large portion of government spending happens in the last ...
In what may come as a major relief to banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it was working on the modalities to ease ...
Amid tight liquidity, the country’s largest public and private sector banks today announced an increase in deposit rates.
Siemens Financial Services (SFS), the international financial services arm of German technology major Siemens AG, will soon begin ...
US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke defended the Fed’s decision to purchase $600 billion in Treasury securities and ...
The ICICI move comes a day after RBI Governor D Subbarao asked banks to hike deposit rates and lower lending rates, with a view ...
In a bid to mobilise low-cost deposits, Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today said it will launch 'Walk-in Bank' campaign tomorrow.
China will shift to a “prudent” monetary policy next year as the government seeks to rein in liquidity, combat ...
Financial Services firm Religare Enterprises today said its arm had acquired 55 per cent stake in US-based assets manager ...
Manipal-headquartered public sector lender Syndicate Bank has formed a trust jointly with another public sector bank, Vijaya Bank ...
India must review the multiplicity of laws governing banks across different segments, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D ...
It is a stressful time for liquidity
managers of commercial banks.
Short-term rates are rising amid tight liquidity.
More ...
Private mortgage lender HDFC has raised its retail prime lending rate (RPLR) by 75 basis points.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday urged banks to reduce intermediation costs to increase efficiency, helping them cut ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves fell by over $4 billion to $293.98 billion on the back of a heavy fall in foreign ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that even though it prefers the subsidiary route for foreign banks doing business in ...
Reserve bank governor D Subbarao today pitched for streamlining banking regulations, saying some were "confusing" even ...
Keeping up with other lenders, state-owned Syndicate Bank today announced raising of interest rate on term deposit above ...
Iceland is betting its decision two years ago to force bondholders to pay for the banking system’s collapse may help it ...
Spain tested investor sentiment with the first debt sale since its 10-year bond yield rose to the highest in a decade following ...
The Federal Reserve withheld details on individual securities pledged as collateral by recipients of $885 billion in central bank ...
Federal Reserve data showing UBS and Barclays ranked among the top users of $3.3 trillion from emergency programmes is stoking ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide Rs 1500-crore loan to Chhattisgarh for developing road infrastructure in the state.
A black leather couch in Jayanti Bajpai’s 17th-floor Hong Kong office bears witness to Bank of America’s turn of ...
Two months before the microfinance sector crisis in October, an internal committee of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had warned ...
To avert an adverse fallout of the banks’ growing links with the mutual fund industry, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may ...
Baring Private Equity Partners (BPEP), the global PE major, will begin investing in Indian real estate in the next six months, ...
This enables firms to raise funds without diluting any stake at the parent level.
Rates on short-term money market instruments rose 10-15 basis points (bps) today because mutual funds, the major investors in ...
Two months after the crisis in the microfinance industry broke out, resulting in the possibility of bank loans to the sector ...
No special treatment, says RBI; payment period may be lengthened.
The government's move to increase its stake in 10 public sector banks (PSBs) to 58 per cent by infusing Rs 6,000 crore will help ...
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company today announced that it has revised the investment objective of its flagship fund - Kotak ...
The Indian Rupee appreciated by 14 paise to trade at Rs 45.24 a dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market in the morning ...
RBI steps fail to have an impact for now, low govt spending blamed for tightness.
Indian Bank would set up 15 exclusive branches to take care of its jewel loan business, and has set a business target of Rs 500 ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit fell today because mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the tight ...
Ravi Hansoty, the former Asia-Pacific head at Citi Property Investors, plans to raise as much as $350 million by the end of next ...
Mangalore headquartered public sector bank, Corporation Bank has today appointed Ashwani Kumar as the new executive director of ...
CBI says probe on, to share details in two weeks.
Issuances of certificates of deposit fell today because mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the tight ...
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank registered a total business of Rs 1,500 crore as of November 22.
Of this, deposits constituted Rs ...
Retail customers of banks, who have to pay exorbitant charges and penalties for basic services and pre-payment of loans, are in ...
Profit margins at US banks may get a boost from increasing deposits as customers show a preference for immediate access to their ...
HDFC and ICICI Bank, aggressive players in the home loan segment, have withdrawn their special home loan schemes which combined ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Wednesday said food inflation was beginning to look structural and ...
The banks operating in the state- PSU as well as private sector banks- continue to struggle with recovery of loans with the ...
In the previous fortnight (November 05, 2010), deposits shrunk by Rs 65,027 crore as money flowed into public issues of Coal ...
Emphasising that its monetary policy stance was still focused on checking inflation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said ...
State-owned UCO Bank has dropped its plan of raising capital through a follow-on public offer (FPO) in this fiscal, saying it's ...
Corporation Bank today
said it has appointed Ashwani Kumar as Executive Director of the bank effective from today.
The country's largest private lender ICICI Bank today said it has discontinued the teaser rate schemes which entail cheaper home ...
CRR cut likely to be considered, says finance ministry official.
Deutsche Postbank AG, the German lender being acquired by Deutsche Bank AG, is close to selling its Indian operations for about ...
Indian Bank plans to raise around Rs 1,600 crore through a follow-on public offer (FPO), expected by mid-2011. The proposed ...
StanChart PE to exit Powerica through an initial public offer.
Investors preferred short-term papers on Tuesday as the rates offered on three-month CDs were more attractive compared with a ...
The bank’s profit fell about 42 per cent on account of higher bad debts.
India’s biggest life insurer and financial institution has turned to its ‘turnaround man’ to restore ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is considering setting up a separate company for its private banking initiative, as part of a plan to ...
Spain’s banks may struggle to refinance about ¤85 billion ($111 billion) in debt next year as costs surge on concern ...
PNB Housing Finance today said it will introduce some steps to check quality of housing loans, but asserted that they will not ...
Mumbai-based Dewan Housing Finance is looking to acquire Deutsche Postbank Home Finance and the deal is expected to conclude ...
In the backdrop of questions on functioning of microfinance institutions (MFIs), Chief Economic Advisor to the government of ...
For the first time since the 1990s the US 30-year Treasury bond is becoming the benchmark for the world’s biggest debt ...
In an effort to distance itself from the controversy surrounding microfinance institutions (MFIs), the Finance Industry ...
Trading in credit-default swaps, Wall Street’s fastest-growing business before the credit crisis, has tumbled 40 to 60 per ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday cautioned that certain unauthorised individuals/companies were collecting public ...
Investors purchased three-month certificates of deposit (CD) on Monday because the papers were more attractive following the ...
‘Absence of a delivery system the main stumbling block’.
Andhra Bank has recorded a 17.24 per cent growth in its business in Orissa during April-September, this year.
Private sector Dhanlaxmi Bank, today said that it has hiked its domestic term deposit rates by 0.5-1 per cent, across select ...
Standard Chartered plans to hire about 1,800 people for its global trading and underwriting operations over the next three years ...
The banking sector used up most of its deposit-side levers to push net interest margins (NIMs) to all-time highs in the September ...
Global banking regulators will seek agreements on liquidity and the quality of capital to fill gaps in an overhaul of rules ...
LIC Housing Finance’s immediate target is to ensure steady growth of its business, and review its accounts in the wake of ...
State-owned Corporation Bank is looking to complete the sale of a basket of non-performing loans totalling Rs 40 0crore by ...
At a time Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is under the scanner due to the alleged bribe-for-loan scam at its housing finance ...
Money Matters Financial Services will set up a panel to manage day-to-day operations, following the arrest of its Chairman and ...
Even as Corporation Bank has decided to be the first one to withdraw teaser loan schemes, others led by the State Bank of India ...
No one minds a moderate profit on quality education: Parekh.
At a time when micro finance institutions (MFIs) have drawn flak due to steep interest rates charged by them, Reserve Bank of ...
Four EDs to share retail biz responsibilities.
Last Wednesday, Ramchandran R Nair, chief executive officer of LIC Housing Finance (LICHF), was taken away by sleuths of the ...
The new premiums of country's largest insurer Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has breached the Rs 50,000-crore mark during ...
Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukharjee today assured the investors of Life Insurance Corporation of India that they would not ...
Taking banking services to customers' homes, public sector lender Central Bank of India today launched a service through which a ...
Stung by the real estate bribes-for-loans scam, banks and housing finance companies will henceforth seek additional security and ...
Enlarging the scope of its investigation, the finance ministry has asked some non-bank finance companies (NBFCs) for ...
Thrissur-headquartered Dhanlaxmi Bank has set a business target of Rs 23,000 crore for March 2011, to be based on deposits ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) would target smaller microfinance institutions (MFIs) and put a ...
The country’s top bankers have assured the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that they do not see any systemic problem arising ...
The government today said that the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda)  would soon come up with draft ...
The Kerala-based Dhanlaxmi Bank proposes to open 125 more branches across the country and recruit 2,000 staff by 2011-12, a top ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today said banks will not stop lending to the real estate and the housing segments ...
The interest rates were hiked for deposits of less than Rs 1 crore, Bank of Baroda said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today asked banks and financial institutions, which have exposure to companies involved in the ...
The Government today said it has not directed public sector banks to cut exposure in real estate following the housing-finance ...
The country's largest insurer Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) today said the organisation is "very strong" and the ...
Demand and prices of property are unlikely to decline as a result of the housing finance scam racket unearthed by CBI earlier ...
Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) today said its subsidiary Lavasa has nothing to do with LIC Housing Finance -- which is ...
LIC Chairman T S Vijayan today said that V K Sharma will take over as the CEO of its housing finance arm early next week.
Even as more details emerge out of the multi-crore housing-finance scam, market regulator Sebi today said it would continue to ...
The number of foreclosed homes for sale in Spain may triple next year as new accounting rules prompt lenders to dump their ...
Deposit rates have increased over 100 basis points in the last ten days as banks are getting aggressive to mobilise resources to ...
Money Matters Financial Services, whose managing director and two top executives were arrested by the Central Bureau of ...
Public sector lender Bank of India plans to investigate the bribery scandal in depth and find if more officials could be ...
A day after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) conducted nationwide raids and arrested officials in financial sector ...
The government is unlikely to make changes to its market borrowing programme despite the tight liquidity in the banking system, a ...
The bribery scandal could be a turning point for LIC Housing Finance (LICHF), which has the solid backing from the Life Insurance ...
Investors drawn to emerging markets but fund-raising gets more competitive.
Compounding its woes, SKS Microfinance has come under the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority’s (Irda’s) ...
China’s benchmark money-market rate climbed to the highest level in more than a month as the central bank said it will ...
The European Central Bank may have to delay its exit from emergency measures again as Ireland’s bailout fails to stem the ...
SKS Microfinance, the only listed microfinance institution in the country, expects its collections in Andhra Pradesh to improve ...
European Central Bank council member Axel Weber said governments can increase the size of the European Union-led bailout fund if ...
Post-Andhra ordinance developments also halt traditional loan assignment transactions.
The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is looking at the possibility of partnering public sector banks to co-design ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has imposed a fine of Rs 5 lakh on Tata AIG Life Insurance for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said the loan disbursement mechanism should always be ...
The Life Insurance Corp of India (LIC) has appointed V K Sharma as the new chief executive officer (CEO) of LIC Housing Finance ...
In the wake of housing finance racket coming to light borrowing could become dearer and banks would turn extra cautious while ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said the housing finance racket, involving CEO of LIC Housing ...
LIC today said it will consider an internal enquiry at the company regarding arrest of its senior officers in connection with a ...
The government today said the Income Tax (I-T) department would look into the tax issues relating to the housing loan scam
Punjab & Sind Bank, which is going for initial public offer (IPO) in the first half of next month, has said that it is aiming ...
Long-term finance to farmers through cooperative and regional rural banks (RRB) has turned costly with the National Bank for ...
The biggest Wall Street banks are pushing the US Treasury Department to exclude foreign exchange derivatives from new ...
Rates on short-term money market instruments rose by 5 basis points (bps) on Wednesday due to the continued tight liquidity in ...
In an effort to raise affordable resources, IDBI Bank will step up recourse to refinance facility provided by financial ...
YES Bank and Shinsei Bank of Japan on Wednesday signed an agreement to advise companies on cross-border deals between the two ...
Private insurer Tata AIG General Insurance Company on Wednesday brought out a new offering for insuring high-value cars for High ...
Banks borrowed a net Rs 135,945 cr from RBI after the two LAF auctions on Wednesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will begin examining the modus operandi of the alleged bribes-for-loans allegations made by the ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has entered into a memorandum of understanding with the Unique Identification Authority of India ...
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) today arrested eight people, including senior executives of banks and housing finance ...
Hours after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested its CEO in connection with an alleged housing finance racket, LIC ...
The Central Bureau of Investigaiton (CBI) today arrested CEO of LIC Housing Finance Ramachandran Nair and seven others including ...
Banks’ net borrowing rises to a record Rs 1,48,490 crore.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) today slapped Rs 5 lakh penalty on Tata AIG Life Insurance Co, ...
The government plans to introduce the Microfinance (Development & Regulation) Bill, 2010, after a Reserve Bank of India ...
After unit-linked insurance plans, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has introduced stringent guidelines ...
Public sector Indian Bank, which has almost two-thirds of its branch network based in southern India, primarily Tamil Nadu and ...
State Bank of India has raised 750 million euros through global capital markets to fund euro-denominated assets.
This was the ...
The government today said the Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) would be set up next month to sort out ...
Firm offers time-bound road map for getting more of public savings into financial assets.
Non-banking finance company IL&FS Financial Services (IFIN) plans to fund Rs 70,000-crore aggregate of projects this ...
Rates on three-month papers increased 5-10 basis points today due to huge supply in such tenure and also because liquidity ...
Economic growth, stock market firmness propel drive to retain PE executives.
Salaries of executives
in Indian private equity ...
Peeved at registration of a police case against its loan recovery official, Punjab State Cooperative Agricultural Development ...
Rupee depreciated by 16 paise to trade at Rs 45.56 against the US dollar in the early trade today at the Interbank Foreign ...
At a time when the central bank is going through a strained relationship with the government over its independence and autonomy, ...
Union Bank of India has set aside Rs 500 crore as first round funding for Andhra Pradesh under its financial inclusion programme.
Union Bank of India would provide Rs 50 crore for 100 mandal mahila samakhyas in Andhra Pradesh.
The move is aimed at meeting the ...
A dispute between the US and international accounting groups about how to value financial instruments is threatening to derail ...
The World Bank is planning to provide an additional loan of $154 million (around Rs 708.4 crore) to Tamil Nadu’s ...
Citigroup Inc will move its co-CEO for the Asia-Pacific region, Shirish Apte, to Singapore from Hong Kong to oversee operations ...
A quarter of microfinance institutions (MFIs) may fail after a clampdown last month in their biggest market pared debt payments ...
The initial public offer (IPO) of state-owned Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) will hit the market early next month.
It will be an ...
Indian Bank has received the Central Bank of Sri Lanka's nod to open its branch at Jaffna in Sri Lanka, according to its chairman ...
Spandana Sphoorty Financial, the second-largest microfinance company, will indefinitely postpone an initial public offer (IPO) ...
MFIs finding it difficult to make contact with borrower groups due to weekly collections.
Rates on short-term money market instruments rose by 5-10 basis points on Monday as mutual funds remained on the sidelines due to ...
Net borrowing by banks from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) rose to a record Rs 127,870 crore on Monday.
Bank borrowing has been ...
Tobin tax and a financial sector levy could be considered, says former RBI governor.
Axis Bank launched its Rural Banking Strategy initiative on Monday in Gujarat.
The bank launched the new initiative in Gujarat
...
In 1969, then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi nationalised a slew of banks.
The same year at a school in Dharwad G D Nadaf was ...
Sundaram BNP Paribas Fund Services has forayed into the Registrar and Transfer agency operations.
The company said that it will ...
Not all life insurers offer health insurance plans.
Health plans
by life insurance companies are long-tenure products — ...
Six months after a slow and fractious negotiation process ended in a European Union and International Monetary Fund bailout of a ...
State-owned Union Bank of India (UBI) made its maiden foray into the micro-credit arena today with the launch of a new scheme ...
As the uncertainty following the Comptroller and Auditor General’s (CAG) report on telecom companies continues, bankers who ...
Mangalore-headquartered private sector lender Karnataka Bank has launched initiatives to boost current account, savings account ...
Country's largest private lender ICICI Bank has said that its credit would grow at a hefty 18 per cent this fiscal, contrary to a ...
US Treasury Secretary Timothy F Geithner said the Obama administration would oppose any effort to strip the Federal Reserve of ...
Bankrupt Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc reached a settlement in a derivatives dispute with billions of dollars at stake that ...
Rising incomes and the growing acceptance of automatic teller machines (ATMs) has begun to show in the size of cash withdrawals. ...
Close on the heels of the recent controversy surrounding over the microfinance institutions, Karnataka government has decided to ...
The Andhra Pradesh Micro Finance Institutions (Regulation of Money Lending) Ordinance 2010 does not seek to deal with, even ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) brought down the cumulative ‘notional loss’ in three of its pension plans ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will soon issue guidelines for listing of insurance companies and ...
Asks deputy governors to give choice of portfolios after Thorat’s retirement.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke took his defence of the US central bank’s monetary stimulus abroad, saying it will ...
China ordered banks to set aside larger reserves for the fifth time this year, draining cash from the financial system to limit ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which has been in the eye of a storm over the past few days, received solid backing ...
The 18 graduating students of the Institute of Insurance and Risk Management (IIRM) on Friday had a lesson that was probably as ...
With microfinance institutions (MFIs) suffering loss of business particularly in Andhra Pradesh, the Centre today said it does ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves slid by $1.9-billion to $298.31-billion on the back of a heavy decline in foreign ...
With a view to keep a strict vigil on the activities of the Micro Finance Institutions (MFIs) operating in the state, it has been ...
Citigroup issued $50 million of structured notes tied to the exchange rate between the US dollar and the rupee.
A relaxed environment, loud-yet-scintillating music and a befriending young staff serving youngsters...sounds like a hip-hop ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has an exposure of Rs 300 crore to the troubled MFI sector in Andhra Pradesh and the lender feels ...
JP Morgan reduces December 2011 target price for the microfinance major by 30 per cent.
Issuances of short-term money market instruments increased on Thursday, and a big chunk of these were in the three-month tenure ...
The risk of default by the State Bank of India (SBI) is falling more than similar BRIC nation benchmarks as the company, a proxy ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra is hopeful of achieving a 25 per cent credit growth along with higher profitability ...
The 16-member panel will have representatives from various financial sectors.
The state finance minister Prafulla Chandra Ghadai has hit out at the private sector banks operating in the state for their ...
Banks have agreed to normalise lending to microfinance institutions (MFIs), but have asked them to be extremely cautious to ...
State-owned Union Bank of India today said it plans to raise funds through Swiss francs denominated bonds soon.
Fidelity Mutual Fund today announced the launch of Fidelity Short Term Income Fund, an open-ended income scheme that aims to ...
Two-and-a-half months ago, when Vallabh Bhanshali’s friend, Anil Singhvi, approached Shikha Sharma to try and work out a ...
Forecasters have revised their projections for GDP growth in the current financial year to 8.5 per cent from the earlier estimate ...
The public sector Canara Bank would launch 105 branches and ATMs each, across the country on November 19, its founder’s ...
The City Union Bank Ltd is looking to raise Rs300 crore through rights issue or by way of Qualified Institutional Placement ...
A memorandum of understanding (MoU) has been signed between Singapore-based business space provider Ascendas and a Japanese ...
European Union and International Monetary Fund experts will start scanning the books of Ireland’s debt-laden banks tomorrow ...
Axis Bank, India’s fourth-largest bank in terms of market capitalisation, has acquired the investment banking and equity ...
The public sector Canara Bank would launch 105 branches and ATMs each, across the country on November 19, its founder's day, to ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank today announced acquisition of investment banking arm of Enam Securities for Rs 2,067 crore.
Officers and subordinate staff of State Bank of India have announced a two-day strike on November 25 and 26 on the pay hike
As if current woes were not enough for microfinance institutions (MFIs), it might get tougher for them to get the highest rating ...
Amid a clampdown on lending practices, microfinance institutions (MFIs) were seeking emergency funding from banks as defaults ...
Sidbi, a major lender to MFIs, also under the scanner for violation of RBI guidelines.
Within days of India reporting a 16-month low industrial growth of 4.4 per cent for September, a top government economic advisor ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said credit-deposit (CD) ratio was a byproduct of the economic and business activity in the ...
Liquidity shortage, which has been above Rs 1 lakh crore for more than a week, fell marginally on Tuesday, as banks borrowed Rs ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance Limited, a joint venture between the Bharti group and AXA, is set to launch six more retail products ...
A few mutual funds invested in one-year certificates of deposit today due to inflows in their fixed maturity plans, dealers said.
The biggest risk to India’s growth story is deterioration in its external balances, with the current account deficit likely ...
Chinese Central Bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan said China is under “pressure” from capital inflows as a state newspaper ...
Axis Bank has proposed three possible solutions for Axis Private Equity, the arm it founded and now wishes to exit from, to the ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has imposed a fine of Rs 10 lakh on Anil Ambani Group company Reliance ...
Fitch Ratings India today ruled out rating any securitised papers from troubled microfinance institutions (MFI), saying the ...
Entering into a strategic alliance with Visa, the world's largest retail payment network, the Kerala-based private South Indian ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector bank, today said there was pressure on interest rates following RBI intervention ...
Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance Company Limited, a joint venture between Canara Bank, Oriental Bank of ...
Public sector banks in India had combined gross non-performing assets (NPAs) of Rs 57,301 crore during 2009-10, up 30 per cent ...
Kerala cabinet today decided to set up a consortium of banks led by the State Bank of Travancore to mobilise funds for the ...
Private lender City Union Bank plans to raise about Rs 2,000 crore from the capital market by 2015, either through the QIP route ...
Andhra Bank, South Indian Bank and Yes Bank have won the top award as the best banks in the categories of public ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit were low on Monday because fund houses preferred to remain on the sidelines due to limited ...
City Union Bank Ltd today said that it would look at raising Rs 300 crore through rights issue or by way of qualified ...
HSBC has hired Vikram Tandon as its head of human resources in India.
Previously, Tondon was with the American International ...
Kochi-based non-banking financial company Muthoot Finance holds 65.5 tonnes of gold jewellery as security for its loans.
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit, who for the past two years has championed the US bank’s ...
The controversy surrounding microfinance institutions (MFIs) has placed hurdles in raising capital for private equity (PE) and ...
Banks borrow Rs 1.02 lakh crore under LAF.
Swiss Reinsurance, the world’s second-largest reinsurer, said it was looking for a local partner in India as it considered ...
City Union Bank has reported a net profit of Rs 61.58 crore for the quarter ended September, as against Rs 45.75 crore during the ...
Loan growth and tight liquidity could lead to higher interest rates in the coming days, State Bank of India (SBI)Chairman O P ...
A comparison of hospitalisation cash and pure medical insurance plans.
Tight liquidity conditions combined with loan growth could push interest rates skyward in the coming days, State Bank of India ...
After life insurance products, the sector’s regulator is now turning its attention to unit-linked insurance products ...
The liquidity tightness is expected to remain under pressure due to a large sum of money getting blocked in the public offer of ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) Chairman and Managing Director K R Kamath has said consolidation in the Indian banking sector will ...
Domestic banks will have to scale up their asset size five times over the next five years, if they want to cope with demand for ...
Pinched by bank funding drying up, leading microfinance firm Basix has cut its advances to a third in the past month and is now ...
Measures to ease liquidity will continue.
Tight liquidity continues; rise in bank rates likely for such lending.
Take into account current and future family expenses, inflation, investments and sum assured of existing policies.
Public sector lenders are not afraid of further opening of the banking sector, Chairman and Managing Director of the country?s ...
Emphasising on the need to treat customers fairly, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the average time of six months ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, today said all issues with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) regarding the ...
Sequoia Capital to invest Rs 160 crore in holding firm to bypass 26% FDI rule.
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose $2.25 billion in the week ended November 5 to $300.21 billion on foreign portfolio ...
The rupee weakened by 26 paise to Rs 44.57 against the US dollar in the early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today as ...
Plans by ICICI Bank and Axis Bank to set up non-banking finance companies (NBFC) with the status of an infrastructure finance ...
Private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) investments in the country's real estate sector rose 56 per cent between January and ...
Lobby hard to be collection agents for large issues to get hands on float money.
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) is planning to introduce two additional options on pension products, ...
After a gap of almost five months, a solution to the sale of Axis Bank Private Equity Fund may be in sight.
Public sector bank, Central Bank of India signed recently an MoU with American India Foundation (AIF) to provide livelihood ...
Union Bank of India on Thursday said it was expecting the government’s stake to rise to 60 per cent after a capital ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), the regulator for housing finance companies (HFCs), is planning to follow the central bank’s ...
The State Bank of India’s (SBI’s) plans for raising fresh capital inched further ahead with the government today ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, today defended its fixed-cum-floating rate home loan product ...
LAF borrowing stays above Rs 1 lakh crore; ICICI’s Kochhar says it’s temporary.
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said teaser rate home loans are the "best product and the most ...
Concerned over decline in profitability of the banking sector, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today asked the lenders to ...
Union Bank of India today said it expects the government to hike its stake in the public sector company to up to 60 per cent in ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) today announced the appointment of Prateek Pant as Head of Wealth Solutions at its private ...
Two of the country's biggest lenders today called for larger banks with scale and capital to meet the growing needs of the ...
Union Bank plans to raise $175 million to $200 million in the next one month through medium-term notes and has sought Rs 1,500 ...
The government today said it will take a call within a fortnight on whether SBI should be allowed to go for the rights issue, ...
Shriram Transport Finance, an Indian truck financier backed by Fidelity Investments, will apply for a banking license as the ...
IT majors, including Wipro and IBM, are keen to join hands with Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), which plans to float a subsidiary to ...
Punjab & Sind Bank, the only unlisted state-owned lender, has got market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of ...
China posted a larger-than-forecast $27.1 billion October trade surplus, a day before Group of 20 leaders including Presidents ...
Remittances to developing countries are expected to reach $325 billion this year, up from $307 bn in 2009.
The top recipient ...
NIMs for the sector declined to 2.5 per cent for 2009-10, from 2.9 per cent in 2008-09. Net profits declined in the past two ...
State-owned Power Finance Corporation (PFC) is planning to float two subsidiaries, one for undertaking consortium lending and the ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 111.24 crore as loan assistance to Karnataka ...
Companies expect sales to pick up only in December-January.
Public sector lender Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today said that it has proposed to float a subsidiary for providing IT solutions ...
Private sector insurer Kotak Life Insurance has four unit linked products (Ulips) in the pipeline and is expecting to collect up ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today hiked its deposit rates on several maturities by up to 25 basis points (bps).
"We have headroom for Rs 2,600 crore and we are planning to raise around Rs 1,400 crore during the second half of the year. ...
State Bank of India reported a 22.5 per cent drop in consolidated net profit for the September quarter to Rs 2,363.95 crore on ...
Standard Chartered Private Bank is expecting to manage more than $ 2 billion in India by December this year, indicating a rise in ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) on Tuesday sanctioned Rs 58 crore across the state under the ...
Amitabha Guha has joined South Indian Bank (SIB) as non-executive chairman in the place ofGA Shenai, who retired recently.
Guha ...
The US Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) will provide $100 million in financing for the $300-million South Asia ...
Former Reserve Bank of India governor YV Reddy said that a lot more work needed to be done to strengthen the financial sector ...
China will force banks to hold more foreign exchange and strengthen auditing of overseas fund raising, stepping up efforts to ...
Consider it a sunrise industry, but run up against the FDI barrier.
SKS Microfinance, the largest and the only listed microfinance institution (MFI) in the country, on Tuesday said it was planning ...
Two non-life insurance companies have approached the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) with proposals for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday reintroduced measures to ease liquidity, as borrowing by banks exceeded Rs 1 lakh ...
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh on Tuesday said all lenders should withdraw teaser loan schemes or else the one who withdraws will ...
Indian banks are selling the most dollar-denominated debt in at least a decade, taking advantage of near-zero US benchmark rates ...
Third $1-billion bond sale by an Indian company this year, others being SBI and RIL.
Anil Ambani Group-controlled Reliance General Insurance today announced appointment of Vijay Pawar as the new chief executive ...
The Insurance Regulatory Authority of India (Irda) will formulate guidelines for mergers and acquisitions (M&A) for non-life ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked insurers to restrict outsourcing of core activities like ...
Enthused by an overwhelming response to its debut paper for retail investors, State Bank of India (SBI) plans to come out with ...
The private banking division of Standard Chartered Bank is eyeing $2 billion as assets under management (AUM) by the end of 2010, ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) today said that it is eyeing Rs 20,000 crore increase in its total business to Rs ...
Private lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said that it has revised its base rate upwards by 25 basis points (bps) to 7.75 per cent ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Usha Thorat is retiring today, after spending nearly 38 years at the Mint Road during ...
The role of foreign investors in the Indian capital market is gaining significant momentum, as foreign stake in Indian companies ...
The Indian rupee depreciated marginally by 2 paise to Rs 44.39 a dollar in the opening trade today, largely in tandem with ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sounded caution on banks’ growing involvement in mutual funds as there are issues ...
Mutual funds and banks preferred to remain on the sidelines on Monday due to the continued tight liquidity in the banking system, ...
India’s decision to tighten limits on home loans is boosting confidence that regulators were addressing asset bubbles, ...
Consolidated profit falls 22.5 per cent as bank provides Rs 2,162 crore for loan-loss provisioning.
Complaints against banking services rose 14.63 per cent to 79,266 in the last financial year, as against 69,117 the previous
Around 40 regional rural banks (RRBs) will need Rs 2,200 crore recapitalisation by 2011-12, according to a committee set by the ...
Some banks in the euro region may continue to face challenges to re-capitalization as they seek to meet the Basel Committee on ...
Though Indian banks are adequately capitalised, they will have to raise substantial capital to the fund the growing economy, the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday called for ‘clear demarcation’ of responsibilities of various regulatory ...
While Indian banks showed resilience during the financial crisis, there are areas which need attention, such as asset quality and ...
Ireland will try to win support this week from the European Union to avoid a Greek-style bailout as investors balk at buying the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed concern over the falling credit offtake, which slipped to a poor 16.6 per cent in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that home loan disbursals rose by 20 per cent to Rs 3.15 lakh crore in 2009-10 ...
The government has infused Rs 5,691 crore as part of its recapitalisation programme of banks to maintain their Tier I capital ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that it will review the roadmap with relation to the presence of foreign banks in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that management of Non-Performing Assets (NPAs) by banks remains an area of concern ...
The incremental growth in current and savings account (CASA) deposits more than doubled in the past fiscal, thereby, nudging out ...
Central Bank of India has inked an memorandum of understanding (MoU) with commercial vehicles-maker Asia MotorWorks (AMW) for ...
The Indian rupee declined by 11 paise to 44.32 against the US dollar in early trade at the forex market today, with the American ...
Central Bank of India CMD S Sridhar will launch a rickshaw finance programme in the Uttar Pradesh capital on November 9.
The ...
Banks have been told by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to be more transparent and levy reasonable penal charges.
The central ...
State Bank of India is targeting a 20 per cent growth in lending through its specialised commercial branches.
The group insurance scheme was introduced by the Centre for the landless agricultural labourers.
The Andhra Pradesh government is likely to file tomorrow its reply in the high court to the objections raised by microfinance ...
With liquidity easing following the Reserve Bank of India’s measures to increase availability of funds and conducting an ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has nominated G D Nadaf as officer-employee director on the central board of the bank.
Private sector insurer Aviva Life Insurance today announced capital infusion of Rs 116 crore for business expansion.
Women in remote Korawan, 70 km from Allahabad, have come up with a novel bank which exclusively deals with goats - accepting the ...
Societe Generale, France’s second- largest bank, signed an agreement to move its US headquarters to 245 Park Ave. in New ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank has announced 'Festival Bonanza' for Home and Car Loans by offering low interest rate of 9 per cent.
The top US banks could face up to $31 billion in losses from buying back bad mortgages, Standard & Poor's said in a report on ...
Reliance Mutual Fund, the nation’s largest fund house, sees a huge opportunity for business growth in the retail debt ...
Deposit mobilisation increased by Rs 86,945 crore in the fifteen days up to October 22 to a total outstanding of Rs 48,75,254 ...
Corporation Bank on Thursday raised its base rate by 50 basis points (bps) to 8.25 per cent, with effect from November 8.
Base ...
Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance, the housing finance subsidiary of Sundaram Finance Ltd, has introduced fixed and cumulative ...
Refinance assistance grows in the first half.
Wall Street traders, who typically receive the fattest year-end bonuses among bank employees, are poised to suffer the biggest ...
The world’s biggest bank isn’t in the US, where regulators banned lenders from proprietary trading, nor in ...
Diwali, the festival of lights, brings a smile to everybody’s face.
There are bright lights, brighter clothes and to top it ...
Having run into rough weather for adopting ‘illegal’ business practices in Andhra Pradesh, MFIs are now trying to ...
Private equity (PE) investment in October dipped significantly by 27 per cent to $326 million (around Rs 1,441 crore), the lowest ...
HSBC Holdings Plc plans to offer Shariah-compliant services in India and China after these countries issue regulations to develop ...
The ghost of the US Federal Reserve’s quantitative easing or QE-II is out and doesn’t seem to terrify bankers as ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke is making it harder for Jean-Claude Trichet to lead the European Central Bank out of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to clamp restrictions on at least three foreign banks for indulging in trade practices ...
Pune based City Corporation Limited in association with State Bank of India (SBI) is issuing multi-function smart cards to the ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank has raised $125-million foreign currency syndicated loan from the Singapore market to meet the ...
The bank has revised the base rate for lending from 7.75 per cent to 8.25 per cent with effect from November 8, Corporation Bank ...
Still grappling with the nitty gritties of the Andhra Pradesh Microfinance Institutions (Regulation of Money Lending) Ordinance, ...
Banks are starting to fall in line with the Reserve Bank of India’s position on so-called teaser home loans.
Even as the ...
Consumer durables company Videocon has formed a joint venture (JV) with US-based Liberty Mutual Group for starting a non-life ...
The Orissa government would set up many industrial parks to boost entrepreneurship and generate employment opportunities in the ...
IDBI Bank yesterday became the first bank to increase interest rates after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised key policy ...
The US Federal Reserve will buy an additional $600 billion of Treasuries through June, expanding record stimulus and risking its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has started the process for selecting executive directors (EDs) to fill the vacancies following ...
Public sector Central Bank of India has partnered with a micro finance institution (MFI) to extend financial aid to the manual ...
Says open market operations a corrective step to get to the preferred band of deficit.
Maintaining its progress, the Yeshasvini co-operative farmers’ health scheme has covered 57 per cent of the target set for ...
The State Level Bankers’ Committee will take up a special campaign this month to clear the backlog lending to the tune of ...
Sa-Dhan, the largest association of microfinance practitioners, adopted a code of conduct for self regulation.
Home loan are set to get costlier and there could be some moderation in loan demand, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) asking ...
Indicating a sound industrial activity in the country, credit offtake from banks grew by 21.3 per cent during the one-year period ...
About 2.5 lakh employees of State Bank of India (SBI) have threatened to go on two-day nationwide strike beginning November 25 to ...
Ratings firm Moody's has assigned a long-term moderate credit risk to Yes Bank's currency deposits with a stable outlook, on ...
Japanese banking group Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group is poised to buy a $6.4 billion portfolio of project finance loans from ...
Bank of Baroda opened its 34th Urban Retail Loan Factory in Orissa at Cuttack Road in Bhubaneswar recently.
It was inaugurated by ...
The Federal Reserve will probably introduce an unprecedented second round of unconventional monetary easing tomorrow by ...
The Reserve Bank of Australia unexpectedly increased its benchmark interest rate on concern stronger growth will cause inflation ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today ruled out any imminent intervention in the foreign exchange market, saying capital inflows ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank hiked deposit and lending rates by up to 50 basis points (bps) today, hours after the RBI ...
Realty developers and property consultants today said that Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary measures are aimed at ...
In a step towards full autonomy for banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it might deregulate interest rates on ...
ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank plan to sell their 50 per cent stake in state-owned Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd's oil exploration firm, ...
India Inc today expressed apprehensions that the RBI's decision to hike short-term lending and borrowing rates could lead to ...
Moving close to issue banking licences to new players, the Reserve Bank today said it will issue by January draft guidelines on ...
Aimed at taming inflation, the Reserve Bank today raised key short-term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points, but the ...
Cost of home, auto and corporate loans may not go up immediately, even though the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today raised ...
Amid sharp criticism of microfinance institutions (MFIs) on using coercive methods for loan recovery, the Reserve Bank today said ...
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is investigating a $1.1-billion deal sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co, as part of a ...
The Reserve Bank today hiked its key short-term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points each with immediate effect to rein ...
Inflation remains above the comfort level and anchoring inflationary expectations is a difficult challenge for monetary policy, ...
Micro-Finance Institutions (MFIs) operating in Orissa have advanced loans worth Rs 1500 crore in the past three to four years, ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has raised $75 million (around Rs 345 crore) from Standard Chartered and Deutsche Bank as a line of ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke’s push to jump-start the US economy this week may weaken the dollar, forcing at ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Sunday it will continue to offer limited leeway to banks on the maintenance of statutory ...
Bhatt says policy rate hike may not impact cost of funds.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc is losing its edge in fixed-income trading, the firm’s biggest business and the one that led to ...
Containing inflation is not just crucial to manage domestic economy, it is also important to protect the edge of Indian exports. ...
Transmission of monetary policy mechanism was becoming effective, albeit with a lag, RBI said on Monday.
Asset prices and exchange rate movement will be closely monitored by the Reserve Bank of India, as the central bank fears that ...
Even as retail and services pulled up the overall non-food credit, agriculture, petroleum and iron and steel sector reported a ...
Private banks see 24.1% growth in credit, while PSBs manage 19.8% rise.
Speaking after inaugurating the 1,001 Joint Liability Group (JLG) and 75th Farmers’ Club launched by the Karnataka Vikas ...
Besides lower provisioning, all-round improvement in operational performance was the key highlight.
"The Central Bank has been allotted 35 villages in Orissa under 'Financial Inclusion Plan' prepared by the State Level ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today hinted at a hike in key rates in its mid-year year policy review tomorrow, saying that ...
Ahead of RBI's mid-year monetary policy, the Plan panel today suggested that the central bank should not hike the Cash Reserve ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has estimated the potential for credit deployment in the state ...
Close on the heels of the Orissa Cabinet giving its nod to give Grid Corporation of Orissa (Gridco) a financial guarantee of Rs ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday said the central bank would strike a balance between growth and containing inflation.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to make the sixth increase in key policy rates this year, as it seeks to get a firmer ...
Domestic mutual fund houses last week borrowed from companies and a few banks at 13-14 per cent to meet the huge redemption ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will try to strike a balance between growth and ...
Leading economists expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to desist from tightening key short-term rates by more than 0.25 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which today opened a special window for banks to meet any shortage of funds, lent the entire Rs ...
The country's largest public sector lender, State Bank of India, today said it expects government approval for the Rs 20,000 ...
The new rates for one to five years maturities are 1.76 per cent, 1.53 per cent, 1.78 per cent, 2.12 per cent and 2.47 per cent ...
The High Court today granted two weeks to microfinance institutions in the state to get themselves registered with their ...
Interbank call money rates surged to more than 12 per cent this morning, even after banks on Friday net borrowed Rs 1,17,660 ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has reported a 17.10 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended September 30 to Rs 206.15 ...
ICICI Bank posted a 22 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 1,395 crore in the three months ended September 30, aided by a sharp ...
High non-performing assets (NPA) dragged UCO Bank's net profit by 42.78 per cent in the second quarter of the present financial ...
Standard Chartered Bank today said that it was among the first to transact in the currency options market on the National Stock ...
Ending a five-week surge, the country's forex reserves went down by $1.034 billion to $295.40 billion for the week ended October ...
It had a net profit of Rs 177.8 crore in the same quarter of the last fiscal, Syndicate Bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
A sub-committee appointed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will examine recovery mechanism of microfinance institutions (MFIs) ...
UCO Bank's net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, declined 42.61 per cent to Rs 119.19 crore, as against Rs 207.72 ...
On the occasion of the festival season, Punjab National Bank (PNB) has launched two new retail term deposit schemes for 555 days ...
Steve Miller, who was promoted to chairman of American International Group three months ago, will be interim chief executive ...
Liquidity squeeze and policy-rate hike fears weigh heavy on borrowing costs.
The market saw few issuances of short-term money instruments on Thursday because the demand from fund houses were thin on limited ...
With real credit pick-up yet to take place, bankers expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to maintain status quo, as hardening ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank on Thursday said it would acquire a 15 per cent stake in Destimoney Securities Pvt Ltd (DSPL).
State-run Andhra Bank on Thursday reported a net profit of Rs 303 crore for quarter ended September, a 10.58 per cent increase ...
Supported by strong growth in net interest income (NII) and core fee-based income, state-run Bank of Baroda’s net profit ...
Sharp rise in interest income and control over interest expenses helped IDBI Bank post a 69 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 429 ...
Corporation Bank is seeking a financial advisor to assist in the identification and sale of non-performing assets (NPAs), a ...
The performance was led by a 49% rise in net interest income.
State-owned Punjab National Bank
(PNB) today said it is awaiting regulatory approval from Kazakhstan to acquire Dana Bank.
The RBI may go for another round of hiking the short term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points each, next week on ...
It had net profit of Rs 927 crore in the year-ago period, PNB Chairman and Managing Director KR Kamath said here.
The central bank has warned that any intervention in the currency market to dampen the appreciation of the rupee bears a cost. ...
State Bank of Hyderabad has launched retail sale of pure gold coins at its headoffice here.
These would be available in 2, 4 and ...
In order to expand its presence in the northern region, Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) is targeting Punjab and Haryana ...
Banks placed three-month certificates of deposit (CDs) on Wednesday due to demand for the papers from fund houses on inflows in ...
Gross NPAs rise to Rs 3,524 crore, or 2.79 per cent of gross advances.
Shriram Transport Finance, the country’s largest asset-backed financing company, reported a net profit of Rs 298.96 crore ...
SKS Microfinance on Wednesday decided to reduce the interest rate to 24.55 per cent
from 26.69 per cent.
Targets the 1.1-million NRI/PIO market, to begin with home mortgages.
The finance ministry today said it was expecting the first set of new bank licences over the next few months.
ING Life Insurance, which is in its 10th year of operation, today said that it might take two more years to breakeven.
The government today said it expects the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to issue banking licences to some new players this fiscal, ...
Public sector bank Central Bank of India is all set to start its first financial inclusion initiative in Gujarat's Khanpur ...
Amid reports of suicides by small loan borrowers and talk of a regulator to monitor the microfinance industry, market leader SKS ...
The Finance Ministry today said it is currently examining a proposal by SBI to come out with rights issue, amid speculations that ...
Commercial banks in Karnataka have submitted their financial inclusion plan (FIP) appro-ved by their respective boa-rds to ...
Bank of America Corp, JPMorgan Chase & Co and seven other banks or loan servicers were subpoenaed by Texas Attorney General ...
Indira Kranthi Patham, the flagship programme of the state government that support the self-help groups, is under threat from the ...
In a fresh blow to microfinance institutions (MFIs), banks are refusing to lend them even a sanctioned line of credit, following ...
Catamaran, the fund floated by Infosys mentor NR Narayana Murthy, said it had invested Rs 28.1 crore in SKS Microfinance in ...
UBS fell as much as 5.5 per cent in Swiss trading, the biggest decline in almost a year, after posting a 406 million-franc ($418 ...
Private Life Insurer ING Life would infuse Rs 240 crore in the current financial year to meet its operating expenses and fund it ...
Though the recent financial crisis has shown the huge risks in globalisation of finance, there is no evidence of a fundamental ...
I
have taken individual health insurance covers for my wife, my son and I.
Last year, my wife was hospitalised twice, and we ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India on Tuesday posted a net profit of Rs 379.3 crore for the quarter ended September, a ...
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank has said the newly introduced system of base rate had effectively checked cross subsidy in ...
Raises expectations of rise in policy rates.
After working as a small fund in its two-decade-old existence, Bangalore-based Canbank Venture Capital Fund is planning to grow ...
Satisfied with its Rs 620-cr investment, it’s agnostic on sectors and geography.
As many as 3,395 villages in Karnataka with a population of more than 2,000 would be covered by banking services by March 2012, ...
Global financial services provider, Barclays Bank Plc, India today announced that it has entered into a referral arrangement with ...
In a bid to check money laundering Reserve Bank today asked banks to seek valid documents besides certification by employer while ...
The DGCX Indian Rupee futures contract traded a record 6,043 contracts worth $270.61 million on October 19, beating the previous ...
Barclays Capital sold $26.4 million of two-month credit-linked notes on bonds issued by the State Bank of India (SBI), that pay ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank on Monday recorded a 21.6 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 163.2 crore in the September quarter on ...
Backed by a favourable interest rate scenario and gains in treasury income, United Bank of India reported a net profit of Rs ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has said it will soon start facilitating payments through debit or credit cards at retail outlets and ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank is likely to hit the capital market by November this year.
The probable date for the initial ...
The interbank call money rate ended significantly above the Reserve Bank of India’s repo rate of 6.0 per cent for the ...
Regulator not in favour of insurance firms dabbling in commodities.
The rupee rose the most in a week after the nation’s finance chiefs, along with their counterparts in the Group of 20 ...
Almost two weeks after the Andhra Pradesh government issued an ordinance to rein in erring microfinance institutions (MFIs) ...
Banks borrowed Rs 89,900 crore from the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) repo window on Monday to cope with the ...
The auction to buy back government bonds worth Rs 12,000 crore was heavily undersubscribed today as traders preferred not to sell ...
SKS Microfinance today said it was unable to recover loans from borrowers due to stringent norms imposed by the Andhra Pradesh ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has said it will soon start business of facilitating payment through debit or credit card at retail ...
The net profit of United Bank of India during the second quarter of FY11 increased 31 per cent at Rs 109.74 crore over the ...
India’s largest private sector bank, ICICI Bank, and American Express, a leading global services company, today launched ...
Foreign borrowing by Indian companies is back to its pre-crisis levels, driven by easy liquidity overseas and a favourable ...
Vijaya Bank, the Bangalore-based public sector lender, has reported a 33.08 per cent growth in its net profit at Rs 144.30 crore ...
The Union Ministry of Finance and the Reserve Bank of India have agreed to retain the 74 per cent cap on foreign holding in
Fears funds diversion may be creating real estate bubble.
In order to make the operation of no-frills accounts opened under the financial inclusion plan of the government feasible, State ...
The count of American banks are falling by the day, with as many as 138 entities biting the dust this year.
The state-run lender IDBI Bank has said under the financial inclusion initiatives it has opened 1,000 no-frills accounts in a ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is not in favour of allowing initial public offers (IPOs) by life ...
HDFC home loan subsidiary Gruh Finance plans to reduce its dependence on bank borrowings to check rising interest costs, a top ...
Stung by slow credit offtake in the first half, State Bank of India (SBI) may revise its loan growth and bring it down to 18 per ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering changes in the rules governing the overseas players' banking operations in the ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said huge FII inflow reflected foreigners’ confidence in Indian growth story and ...
Mahindra Finance and Dewan Housing Finance Ltd (DHFL) have reported strong growth in net profit for the quarter ended September ...
Bank of India, the country’s fifth-biggest public sector bank by market capitalization, reported a 91 per cent rise in net ...
Cases against Akula and Spandana CEO.
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) have agreed to restructure loans from 50 weeks to 75 or even 100 weeks for those who find it ...
“I am from Business Standard.
Is the board meeting over or still on?” I ask the receptionist at the headquarters of ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) reported its highest-ever quarterly net profit of Rs 77 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose $641 million to $296.43 billion during the week ended October 15, mainly due to ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) today posted 39.6 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 52.3 crore.
The government should introduce another round of nationalisation in the country even when there are talks of consolidation, the ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves went up by $641-million to $296.43-billion on the back of a sizable jump in foreign ...
In the face of alleged violations in sale of universal life policies (ULPs), insurers would stop selling these products from ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank today said it has clocked a 33.10 per cent jump in its net profit at Rs 144.31 crore for the ...
The bank had a net profit of Rs 371.98 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal, Indian Bank said in a statement.
State-owned Bank of India (BoI) today posted 90.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 616.7 crore for the second quarter ending ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 19 paise to Rs 44.49 a dollar in early trade today, weighed down by dollar's strength against ...
Companies borrowing short-term funds may have to wait a little longer before they can breathe easy.
The short-term rates have ...
Sa-Dhan, an association for the microfinance sector, which has a membership of 260 organisations, said that its members had ...
Riding on robust auto sales and retail health insurance, non-life insurance companies have witnessed 22.93 per cent growth in ...
South Indian Bank on Thursday said it had clocked its highest-ever quarterly net profit of Rs 77 crore in the September quarter, ...
State Bank of Travancore has posted a net profit of Rs 163.60 crore for the quarter-ended September, as against Rs 122.49 crore ...
Owing to higher core earnings, the Mangalore-headquartered Corporation Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 351.7 crore for the ...
Backed by higher interest income, public sector lender Allahabad Bank on Thursday reported a net profit of Rs 402.57 crore for ...
Wall Street Finance (WSFL), a financial services subsidiary of B K Modi-led Spice Global, on Thursday said it would apply to the ...
French banking giant BNP Paribas plans to set up a non-banking financial company (NBFC) in the country and will soon apply to the ...
As the Group of 20 (G-20) nations meet in Seoul, South Korea, this weekend to hammer out differences on exchange rates and the ...
Sales have been suspended until the final guidelines for ULPs are issued.
Irda said it had received several complaints on the ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) today said it clocked its highest-ever quarterly net profit of Rs 77 crore in the second quarter of the ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank has clocked a 21 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 351.73 crore for the September ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Canara Bank is planning to enter the United States through acquisition of a small ...
The Bombay High Court has given the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) till February-end next year to decide on the transfer of shares ...
In selling 30-year bonds at yields lower than US companies with comparable debt ratings, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) shows how ...
Insurance companies may get another opportunity to shore up their capital base through Tier-II capital, while initial public ...
Crisil reports the highest number of upgrades in any six months in its history.
Two credit assessors today certified ...
SKS Microfinance, which went public recently, could not recover around Rs 1,400 crore this week.
Kotak Mahindra Bank onWednesday said it had a 21 per cent rise in consolidated net profit to Rs 364 crore for the quarter ended ...
Thrissur-based Manappuram General Finance and Leasing Ltd reported three-fold increase in net profit at Rs 60.18 crore for the ...
Owing to higher growth in core earnings, public sector Canara Bank posted a net profit of Rs 1007.88 crore for the quarter ended ...
Rates may harden on rising costs; tight liquidity likely to continue for a while.
The country’s biggest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), announced a token increase in its base rate, softening the blow of ...
High court asks state to explain terms in ordinance.
Bajaj Group’s Financial services arm Bajaj Finserv reported a nearly 57 per cent jump in its consolidated net profit at Rs ...
UK-based Standard Chartered, the first foreign entity to be listed in the country, today said its Indian Depository Receipt (IDR) ...
Axis Mutual Fund today launched its new open-ended exchange-traded fund, Axis Gold ETF, focused on gold-related investment and ...
DBS Bank India today said that it has increased its base rate by 0.25 per cent
from 7 per cent
to 7.25 per cent.
Bank of America Corp, the largest US lender, reported a $7.3 billion loss tied to the cost of new federal rules on consumer ...
The World Bank lowered its outlook for growth next year in China and across East Asia, urging officials in the region to curb ...
Axis Bank, India’s fourth-largest lender by market value, has hired five banks to sell $500 million of dollar-denominated ...
State Bank of India’s first retail bond issue of Rs 1,000 crore was subscribed over 17 times on the opening day.
The Reserve Bank of India’s committee on microfinance institutions (MFIs) will examine issues of high interest rates, ...
On the back of strong growth in interest income, HDFC Bank reported a net profit of Rs 912.1 crore for the quarter ended ...
Suresh Gurumani, who was removed from the position of the Chief Executive Officer of SKS Microfinance, plans to attend the ...
Seven PE-backed companies file draft red-herring prospectus with Sebi; value of exits through IPOs crosses Rs 6,200 cr this year.
After gaining big time from micro lending, microfinance institutions (MFIs) are facing more than a few barriers.
Bangalore-based private sector lender, ING Vysya Bank Ltd, today reported 41 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 75.3 crore for ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) reported a 12.85 per cent increase in its net profit to Rs 264.48 crore for the quarter ended ...
As part of its Navathy celebrations, Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) has hiked the interest rate on term deposits across various ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd has increased the interest rates on term deposits of various maturities by 25 to 50 basis points ...
Amid RBI demand that bank mergers be kept out of competition watchdog CCI's purview, Government today said it would take the view ...
Principal Mutual Fund has promoted P V K Mohan as Head, Equity at Principal Mutual Fund with immediate effect.
At a time when the property market is once again looking robust, Deutsche Postbank — formerly Birla Home Finance — ...
The Punjab Government requested the Reserve Bank of India that it should impress upon Public Sector banks to aggressively promote ...
Indian Banks are planning to add loan products in the financial programme, which was initiated by the Government of India to take ...
Buoyed by strong volume growth in consumer and SME (small and medium enterprise) business lines, Bajaj Finance Limited clocked a ...
SKS Microfinance is seeking legal clarification on whether the restrictions imposed by the Andhra Pradesh government apply to it.
Bangalore-based State Bank of Mysore (SBM), an associate bank of the SBI Group, reported a net profit of Rs 93.36 crore for the ...
The mutual funds (MFs) preferred to remain on the sidelines and invest only in papers maturing up to December due to tight ...
Lender posts net profit of Rs 807.54 crore for the second quarter.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might intervene to weaken the rupee and protect exporters, if the currency appreciates past 43 ...
Standard Chartered has increased its holding in Standard Chartered-STCI Capital Markets to 100 per cent by acquiring the ...
New business income growth slows to 20 per cent in September.
The term of my life insurance policy is over, but I have misplaced my policy bond.
Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), a grouping of microfinance institutions, today said it is considering the option of ...
ING Vysya Bank has recorded a 41 per cent jump in its net profit for the September quarter at Rs 75.3 crore on the back of a ...
Apex housing lender National Housing Bank (NHB) today increased interest rate by up to 50 basis points on its fixed deposit ...
Private sector lender ICICI Bank today launched I-Express, an instant cross-border money transfer option for Non-Resident Indians ...
Two regional Federal Reserve presidents said the central bank should consider more policy action to stimulate the economy while ...
Mangalore-headquartered private sector lender Karnataka Bank has registered a 76 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 28.72 ...
The Bank of England will increase its emergency bond-purchase plan by £100 billion ($160 billion) to aid the economy as the ...
The rupee could strengthen to drop below the 44-level against the dollar again this week as balance flows from overseas investors ...
Post offices can now distribute insurance products with Irda, allowing each circle of the Department of Post (DOP) to act as a ...
The four state-owned general insurers will finalise by this month end a common Third Party Administrator (TPA) -- who will be ...
Bharti AXA Investment Managers and Pramerica Asset Management Company are in talks with Bank of India (BoI) for selling their ...
A day after the state government promulgated the Andhra Pradesh Microfinance Institutions (Regulation of Money Lending) ...
UBS AG, the largest Swiss bank, said it had been in talks with “dozens” of proprietary traders from firms worldwide ...
China’s southern city of Guangzhou limited new home purchases to one unit for each household, joining eight cities that ...
Global Board of Trade (GBOT), promoted by the Financial Technologies Group, will offer commodity and currency derivatives ...
Leaders of the world’s largest economies, divided over how to curb risk-taking by their biggest banks, will likely fail to ...
A rally in the rupee, Asia’s best performer in the past month, was “not a matter of concern yet”, Finance ...
The per capita deposits at commercial banks in Orissa has recorded a consistent increase from 2005-06 to 2008-09 and is fast ...
The recovery of loans by the banks operating in Orissa has been far from satisfactory.
By the end of 2008-09, the average ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through a lower Tier-II bond issue, primarily being hawked to retail ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has formed a sub-committee to look into the functioning of microfinance institutions (MFIs) and ...
The Andhra Pradesh government today issued an ordinance to stem the alleged abusive practices adopted by microfinance ...
SKS Microfinance Ltd, India’s largest microfinance institution, says it can reduce lending rates from the present 26 per ...
State Bank of India (SBI) sees a rise in its lending rates — including the base rate — shortly, prompted by tight ...
HSBC Holdings Plc, Europe’s largest bank, abandoned a bid to buy a $7.3 billion controlling stake in South Africa’s ...
Coal India’s upcoming initial public offering cast a long shadow over India’s financial markets today.
The country's ...
In what could affect home and auto loan buyers, State Bank of India (SBI) today said it plans to hike its base rate by December ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves went up by $1.63-billion to $295.79-billion on the back of a healthy jump in foreign ...
Keeping a watch on the record $22 billion foreign institutional investors (FII) investments in the booming Indian stock markets ...
Public sector lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it expects to launch its Rs 20,000-crore rights before the culmination ...
Financial services major Bank of America will hire more than 1,000 people in the US, to boost its presence in the small ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced constitution of a sub-committee to look into the functioning of Micro Finance ...
Union Bank of India, today announced a revision of its base rate and the interest rates on retail term deposits.
The base rate ...
in foreign exchange markets — possibly the first such instance this year.
ICICI Bank was considering barring senior executives who depart for competitors from starting their new jobs within six months of ...
L&T Infrastructure Finance Co Ltd, an arm of engineering and construction giant Larsen & Toubro Ltd., plans to raise Rs ...
LIC Housing Finance, the country’s second-largest mortgage lender, recorded a net profit of Rs 234.21 crore during the ...
Owing to strong growth in interest income, the country’s third-largest private sector lender, Axis Bank, reported a net ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has divested its 71.5 per cent stake, aggregating to Rs 1,430 crore, in the National Bank for ...
Unlike SKS Microfinance, which recently went public, Ananya Finance for Inclusive Growth (AFIG), the Ahmedabad-based Self ...
Issue of capping interest rates left untouched by cabinet meeting.
Singapore unexpectedly signalled it will allow faster currency gains to curb inflation even as the economy shrank, with slowing ...
Call it the SKS effect.
Stung by the controversy over the sudden sacking of the Managing Director at India’s largest ...
Amid the debate over whether the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should hold stake in lending institutions or only be a regulator, ...
Singapore Mercantile Exchange today said the Singapore branch of ICICI Bank Ltd has become its Special Clearing Member (SCM) for ...
Federal Bank has waived surcharge on petrol purchases for all its debit card holders.
The offer is available on purchase of fuel ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to raise more funds through retail bond issuances, depending on the success of its first ...
Positive business sentiment will improve demand for credit offtake from Indian Inc in the second half (October 10-March 11) of ...
Life insurance companies have asked the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) not to cap charges on universal ...
Credit-default swaps on bonds sold by Brazil, Russia, India and China (BRIC) are closing in on those tied to the world’s ...
Public sector Oriental Insurance Company may have to cough up around Rs 5 crore under the Directors’ and Officers’ ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) employees have had to settle for a 17.5 per cent wage increase, in line with what was offered to ...
Employed individuals are default beneficiaries of group insurance policies bought by a company on behalf of the employees.
While ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today said it has requested the government to provide Rs 1,000 crore as capital ...
Reflecting fragile recovery in world's major economies, foreign direct investment into India dipped for the third consecutive ...
The Finance Ministry today said it will provide equity support of about Rs 8,700 crore to the public sector banks, a move that ...
Private sector insurer MetLife India Insurance today launched a term insurance product Met Protect, the first such life cover ...
Transactions worth Rs 6,259.42 crore were carried out in the country by credit cards during the August-month, a growth of 28.89 ...
I have heard insurers are launching new, improved unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips), in terms of lower charges.
I own two ...
Citigroup and US banks that hunkered down following 2008 bailouts are expanding into new businesses and markets, bringing higher ...
The government and financial sector regulators buried their differences on the proposed Financial Stability & Development ...
Sequoia Capital, which started operations a decade ago, has invested $800 million in 60 companies since 2000.
While the fund ...
The 2010 calendar year is being described as the best for private equity (PE) since 2007.
As capital markets return to their ...
The Andhra Pradesh government plans to come out with an ordinance to regulate the activities of microfinance institutions (MFIs) ...
The growth of industrial production in the month of August remains in the broader trend of the annual growth, even though it ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Vijaya Bank has entered into an agreement with global money transfer company ...
India Infrastructure Finance Co Ltd (IIFCL) on Tuesday launched its takeout financing scheme, aiming to take over Rs 3,000 crore ...
Life insurance companies may be allowed to take over banks’ long-term infrastructure loans.
However, their exposure will be ...
Western Union and State Bank of India today said that SBI account holders will soon be able to route overseas money transfers ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank today said it has received approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to set up a subsidiary ...
Public sector Dena Bank, today said that it has increased interest rates on its domestic term deposits by 0.25-0.50 per cent for ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank today said that it expects to grow ahead of the banking sector with 25 per cent rise in credit ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it hopes to complete the acquisition of the Kazakhstan-based Dana Bank by the ...
The issue of managing capital flows is likely to come up for discussion in the next meeting of the high level coordination ...
Amid concerns within the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), about it being overshadowed by a super regulator, a government official ...
China’s central bank unexpectedly and temporarily raised reserve requirements for six large commercial banks, reining in ...
SKS Microfinance Limited on Monday said the board resolution passed on October 4, terminating Suresh Gurumani's employment with ...
Owing to a strong growth in interest income, private sector lender, IndusInd Bank reported a 71 per cent increase in its net ...
A stronger credit growth in the busy season may intensify competition among banks to raise resources, pushing up deposits rates ...
Three months after the base rate regime to price loans began, only a handful of customers have shifted to it from the erstwhile ...
LIC HFL Financial Services, a subsidiary of housing mortgage lender LIC Housing Finance, on Monday tied up with public sector ...
The rally in rupee, Asia’s best performer in the past month, is showing no signs of slowing as record share sales by ...
Closes at 44.41 per dollar, compared to 44.44 on Friday.
L&T General Insurance Company Limited, a fully owned subsidiary of engineering construction major Larsen and Toubro ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Vijaya Bank has entered into an agreement with global money transfer company ...
National bank regulators risk undermining a fragile economic recovery if they pursue a new round of capital and liquidity rules ...
Riding on robust growth in Net Interest Income (NII) IndusInd Bank has clocked 71 per cent growth in its net profit for the ...
Amid concerns within the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) about it being overshadowed by a super regulator, a government official said ...
The Reserve Bank governor may not be made the vice-chairman of the Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC), as was ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank has announced an increase of 50 basis points in its base rate and the bench-mark prime lending rate (BPLR) with ...
The improvement in net interest income (NII) on account of rise in prime lending rates and control over cost of resources ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will intervene if foreign inflows were lumpy or volatile, Governor D Subbarao said in Washington. ...
The rupee may continue to strengthen on optimism that overseas funds will invest more in local stocks and bonds.
The global ...
Axis Bank Ltd, India's third-largest private sector lender, aims to increase the share of its retail advances to a quarter of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has thrown a spanner in the works of a government proposal to liberalise the pricing guidelines ...
US private equity giant Carlyle Group is betting that patience will be rewarded in an Indian market where global players have had ...
Committee of European Banking Regulators aims to align pay with risks.
SKS Microfinance is likely to take a call next week on the extraordinary general meeting (EGM) to get the nod of shareholders for ...
Bankers tried to do a “Bombay Club” on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday, but quickly fell in line after ...
Karnataka-based banks have kickstarted the financial inclusion plan as envisaged by the Reserve Bank of India to provide ...
The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India ...
Industry chambers today strongly pitched for corporates entering the banking space, with all of them stating that a lower capital ...
Bank of America Corp (BofA) is halting foreclosures and sales of foreclosed properties in all 50 US states pending a review of ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves went up for the third straight week, rising by $2.57-billion to $294.16-billion on the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that public sector banks will have to make transfer of funds to government account in ...
State-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) today increased fixed deposit rates on select maturities by 25 basis points.
"M&M today issued a notice for early redemption of its outstanding FCCBs of $141.2 million and setting the last date for ...
The rupee today weakened by 14 paise to Rs 44.33 a dollar in early trade as the US currency firmed up against other major world ...
The government would raise its holdings in state-run banks, in which it holds less than 55 per cent, to avoid diluting its ...
The company is also scouting for buys in the Philippines, China and Europe.
Family floaters are good for young families.
Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group’s Reliance Life Insurance on Thursday announced it’s foray into health insurance ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has said that the proposed high-level Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) would ...
A majority of fixed income investors expect the fiscal deficit to stay close to the government’s target of 5.5 per cent or ...
India’s largest lender, the State Bank of India, was planning to raise $500 million through a non-dollar bond by November, ...
The amount of problem credit admitted in Corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR) mechanism declined sharply during April-September ...
ICICI Bank’s plan to sell as much as $1 billion of debt has put local companies on course to raise a record amount of ...
Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) is planning its foray abroad by opening branches in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and ...
The currency, at 47.08 per dollar on August 31, has gained 6.1 per cent since.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) set up a committee on Thursday to study the advisability of granting licences for setting up ...
Investment banks in India faced pressure on fees as competition intensified for state asset sales in a record year for equity ...
Lenders Forum begins standardising loan contracts, aims at transparency.
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) on Thursday told the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that it did not favour automatic ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today set up an expert group to study granting of licences to new Urban Co-operative Banks ...
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has issued an international Blue Notice Alert for detention of former IPL Chairman Lalit Modi ...
Taking the process of issuing new private bank licences forward, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today met stakeholders, ...
Shares of non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), including IFCI and IDFC, which are reported to be mulling to enter the banking ...
The rupee appreciated by 16 paise to Rs 44.33 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market in the morning trade ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) on Wednesday said it had hiked its base rate, below which banks can’t offer ...
South India-based banks have kickstarted the financial inclusion plan as envisaged by the Reserve Bank of India to provide ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) today revised upwards its India growth projection for 2010 to 9.7 per cent, from the ...
More and more insurance companies are introducing solutions for motor policyholders.
Since the Insurance Regulatory and ...
India Infrastructure Finance Co Ltd (IIFCL) has tweaked some norms relating to its much-awaited takeout financing scheme for ...
State Bank of India will be the biggest beneficiary.
Reflecting a turnaround in credit demand, public sector lender, IDBI Bank, plans to disburse credit worth Rs 6,000 crore to small ...
The country witnessed a four-fold rise in debit card transactions at point-of-sale (POS) terminals last year, according to a ...
The rates for three-month and one-year certificates of deposits rose 5-10 basis points amid thin demand from mutual funds on ...
Compared to last year, credit grew at a faster pace in the first half of 2010-11, according to data released by the Reserve Bank ...
High unemployment, public debt and fragile banking systems pose risks to global prosperity, the International Monetary Fund has ...
Indicating a sound industrial activity in the country, credit offtake from banks grew by 19.2 per cent during the one-year period ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) and Bank of India (BoI) today their hiked base rate, below which banks can't offer ...
The Srei infrastructure financing group companies, Srei Infrastructure Finance and Srei Equipment Finance today announced a hike ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is holding a meeting with industry chambers, including Indian Banks' Association (IBA) and CII, ...
Sundaram Home Finance, a joint venture between Sundaram Finance Ltd and BNP Paribas, plans to raise around Rs 250 crore from ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) on Tuesday shrugged off the decision by SKS Microfinance on Monday to summarily sack Chief ...
Gokarn’s comments come after FM says there is no need to restrict tide of foreign capital.
Axis Bank plans to sell as much as $200 million of commercial paper (CP), according to Standard & Poor’s. The notes ...
IFMR Capital has structured, arranged and co-invested in a Rs 106.38-crore securitisation of 105,422 micro-credit loans given by ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s second-largest lender in terms of market value, hired three banks to help it raise as much as $1 ...
ICICI, Bank of Baroda, HDFC Bank follow RBI cues.
The upturn in global private equity-backed deal activity continued for the third consecutive quarter this year, with transactions ...
A day after the board of SKS Microfinance abruptly terminated the 22-month appointment of Suresh Gurumani as its managing ...
Private equity (PE) firms invested about $2,047 million across 88 deals during the quarter ended September 2010, according to a ...
KKR signs 2 debt deals, while ICICI Ventures’ mezzanine funds invest in 3 deals.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn today hinted at responding to the continuing surge in capital inflows if ...
The leading lender ICICI Bank today effected a 25 basis points increase in its base rate to 7.75 per cent, a notch above its ...
Country's largest private lender ICICI Bank today said it has no immediate plan to raise fund by issuing overseas bonds.
Development Credit Bank today revised its base rate to 8.25 per cent per annum from the earlier base rate of 7.75 per cent per ...
State-owned Bank of Baroda and private lender Development Credit Bank Ltd (DCB) both announced a hike in their benchmark lending ...
IDBI Federal Life Insurance said on Monday it was aiming at a 70 per cent growth in total premium collections during the current ...
The government is likely to decide on implementing the Khandelwal committee report on human resources (HR) issues in public ...
UBS AG and Credit Suisse Group AG need to hold almost double the capital required under Basel III rules, said a Swiss ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), the national standard setting body of auditors, has proposed ...
Scheme to help sector attract funds from pension and insurance companies.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will avoid intervening in the foreign-exchange market for the 11th consecutive month, as the ...
IDBI Bank is in the process of raising as much as $200 million in syndicated loans from overseas.
Demand from mutual funds—who are the major investors in short-term money market instruments—fell on Monday as most of ...
RBI, banks also discuss deregulation of the savings interest rate.
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) is planning to cap the charges on universal life policies, or ULPs. ...
Gives no reason for Gurumani’s termination, but says financial irregularities not an issue.
A bankers organisation today said the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) proposal to deregulate interest rate on savings bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today constituted a working group to review the current operating procedure of monetary policy, ...
In line with the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) plans to open up the banking sector, the government today said that it was in ...
India should open interest free banking windows in conventional banks as a pilot project, Muddassir Siddqui, a leading authority ...
The country’s largest insurer, Life Insurance Corporation, plans to approach sector regulator Irda in the next 8-10 days to ...
Expressing concern over the rising non-performing assets (NPAs) and wrong valuation, valuers (those who evaluate properties, ...
May hit Kingfisher, Paramount restructuring.
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) hopes to use its position as the registrar for Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) or ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the public sector bank is aiming at issuing a total of 400,000 smart cards in the impoverished ...
Muthoot Finance has filed the draft prospectus with market regulator the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to raise ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI) has drawn up plans to set up subsidiaries overseas.
Formalities such as documentation and medical reports can be done in the foreign country.
Lenders in Florida and Washington collapsed today, pushing the number of US bank failures to 129 for the year, as financial firms ...
The dollar fell against all of its most-traded counterparts as Federal Reserve officials made statements encouraging speculation ...
Karur Vysya Bank has entered into an MoU with Corporation Bank to launch point of sale (PoS) services.
They may not have proper roads, drinking water and other facilities but around 400 households in Malari, a far-flung area in the ...
Switzerland’s tax treaty with Germany may finish banking secrecy in Europe and prompt withdrawals, as Swiss banks will no ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India has embarked on a technology upgrade drive, under which it plans to spend about Rs 77 ...
IDBI Bank plans to raise $2-3 billion from abroad over the next 12 months to give loans to Indian companies, Chairman & ...
A day after large banks such as Punjab National Bank and IDBI Bank increased base rates, state-run lenders Indian Overseas Bank ...
Aided by strong capital flows and revaluation of global currencies, India’s foreign exchange reserves rose $3.86 billion to ...
After tightening monetary policy to combat inflation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed concern at rising prices of ...
Two state-owned lenders Indian Bank and Indian Overseas Bank today announced raising their minimum benchmark lending rate by up ...
Public sector IDBI Bank will be raising foreign loans of up to $3 billion in the next one year through multiple sources, a top ...
Country's foreign exchange reserves continued their rise for the second consecutive week, going up by $3.86-billion to ...
The Kerala-based private Catholic Syrian Bank proposes to mobilise Rs 1000 crore in the current fiscal, a top company official ...
Ireland is preparing to take majority control of Allied Irish Banks and pump extra cash into Anglo Irish Bank, raising the cost ...
MRL Posnet is the service provider for implementing the POS services.
The State Bank of Mysore (SBM) hopes to use its position as the registrar for Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) or ...
‘We will help you stay fit’ seems to be the new mantra of many insurance companies.
Three big players — ICICI ...
K Subrahmanya Sarma, V Krishnamurthy and Bobby Jose C on Thursday were unanimously elected as directors of the Catholic Syrian ...
A sian currencies had their biggest quarterly advance since 2004, as the world’s fastest economic growth lured funds to the ...
Mastercard on Thursday said it has acquired 12.5 per cent stake in Pune-based third-party paymet services provider ElectraCard ...
Shriram Properties, the real estate arm of Shriram Group, plans to raise $100 million (Rs 452 crore) this year from private ...
The promoters of Bharti AXA insurance — Bharti Enterprises and AXA Asia Pacific Holdings — are looking to divest ...
Muthoot Finance Ltd plans to raise at least Rs 800 crore ($178 million) from an initial public offering (IPO) in India, according ...
Firstsource Solutions, a Mumbai-based business process outsourcing (BPO) provider, on Thursday announced a five-year outsourcing ...
The Supreme Court on Thursday set aside a Gujarat High Court order that prohibited banks from transferring debts, including ...
Likely to discuss liquidity issues, transmission of policy.
Bank of India (BoI) has targeted a business volume of Rs 4500 crore in 2010-11 from its operations in the Bhubaneswar zone.
Even as the current account deficit widened during the first quarter and the Real Effective Exchange Rate (REER) indicated the ...
India’s current account deficit rose sharply in the quarter ended June 30 to $13.7 billion, from $4.5 billion a year ago, ...
Lending rates have started rising after more than two years.
Five banks have increased their benchmark lending rate — or ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will implement risk mitigation mechanisms from November 1 as part of plans to ...
In a mixed bag of offerings this festive season, banks today decided to push up interest rates on home and auto loans but also ...
Kotak Institutional Equities chief economist Mridul Saggar will rejoin RBI tomorrow as the research unit head, where he would ...
Kerala-based leading domestic gold loan financer, Manappuram General Finance and Leasing, plans to invest Rs 2,000-crore in ...
Bharti AXA Life Insurance, a joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and AXA Asia-Pacific Holdings, today said it will infuse Rs ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will raise deposit rates by 25 to 75 basis points from ...
The Supreme Court today set aside a Gujarat High Court order that prohibited banks from transferring debts, including ...
ICICI Bank opened its first retail outlet in Singapore today, Managing Director and CEO Chanda Kochhar said.
Bank of India (BoI) had adopted Tembhali village of Maharashtra’s Nandurbar district for financial inclusion.
So, it was ...
The Reserve Bank of India has told banks to put ‘conservative limits’ on their investments in zero coupon bonds, ...
The government banks increased their market share both in credit and deposit in 2010 as compared to the previous year while State ...
Life insurance companies have witnessed a 70 per cent jump in new premium collection during the first five months of the ...
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Infosystems and Integra Micro System have bagged a contract worth Rs 243 crore from Bank of ...
Bank borrowing at RBI’s repo window rises to Rs 89,000 crore.
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Vijaya Bank has launched its financial inclusion plan at Sunaganahalli village in ...
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allowing companies with extensive retail networks to act as business correspondents (BC), ...
Traditional banking still finds favour with most Indians, said a study.
Most customers prefer visiting a branch or accessing ...
Banks have welcomed the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) decision to allow banks to choose companies as business ...
Karnataka government for building up rural infrastructure in various districts of the state.
The insurance behemoth Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which is the world's largest life insurer in terms of ...
Microfinance institutions in the country may be subject to stricter regulations considering the "socio-political ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance, jointly promoted by Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and Britain's Legal & General, today said its ...
The Oriental Insurance Company has plans to roll out two new health insurance products by the end of current fiscal year, a top ...
The rupee appreciated by 25 paise to 44.90 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market in the morning trade ...
RBI allows companies with large retail presence to act as business correspondents; NBFCs are excluded from list.
Gross income rose 82 per cent over the same quarter last year to Rs 314 crore, while incremental loan disbursements were up 81 ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector lender Vijaya Bank has launched its financial inclusion plan at Sunaganahalli village in ...
Listing norms expected soon; also working on rules for ULPs.
Dena Bank is in the process of opening three overseas branches for the first time.
In an effort to grab a share of the hefty Diwali bonus to employees in government and corporate sector, country’s largest ...
With retail investors less inclined to put money into savings accounts due to low interest rates, banks have raised bulk deposit ...
India’s combination of reducing targets for debt sales this financial year and opening its market to more foreign ...
SBI extends teaser rates; Corporation Bank, BoB plan special schemes.
Aiming to promote financial inclusion, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed corporates and post offices to function as ...
restrictions on them.
Private sector player ICICI Prudential Life Insurance today said it is well capitalised and does not have to tap the equity ...
He’s known as a no-nonsense banker.
A former colleague remembers that he held his ground with the unions and ran ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) will introduce a common banking entrance test.
Rates on three-month certificates of deposit (CDs) rose 10-15 basis points as banks issued certificates of deposit to build their ...
To stop micro-finance institutions (MFIs) from charging usurious rates, the finance ministry has asked state-owned banks to ...
Money market rates at a two-year high are making the shortest-term debt investments more popular than stocks, bonds and gold amid ...
Rates on one-year CPs have risen by 120 bps to 8.4 per cent in about four months.
State-run Power Finance Corporation (PFC) will start issuing infrastructure bonds to retail investors by December-end. It is ...
Several international insurance firms that operate in India through joint ventures exercise control over them, despite having ...
The US Treasury Department may announce plans as early as this week to return American International Group to independence and ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) plans to raise up to Rs 3,400 crore through a 10-year retail bond issue ...
Giving a clear advantage to PSU banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked state governments not to engage private banks ...
State-run Central Bank of India today said it will raise about Rs 2,500 crore through a rights issue in the current financial ...
Allahabad Bank is all set to revise interest rates for domestic term deposits below Rs 1.00 crore with effect from September 27, ...
The government needs to support the proposed rights issue of State Bank of India (SBI), a top Finance Ministry official said ...
Bankers are optimistic about reaching out to unbanked sections of society through mobile phones to fulfill the government's goal ...
State-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) is the second most productive lender among nationalised banks in terms of profit per employee ...
Financial Planning and Advisory Services, the wealth management division of the bank launched this year, is now available in 924 ...
As per the data, average business brought by each employee of SBI stood at Rs 6.36 crore, against the industry average of Rs 8.73 ...
Insurance regulator Irda is all set to frame guidelines for allowing insurance cover for nuclear accidents and is awaiting ...
Aiming to increase its new premium income by 50 per cent, Canara Bank, HSBC Insurance and OBC will infuse another Rs 100 crore in ...
Citigroup. said it will pay no stock salary to Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit for the portion of 2010 that the company is ...
Twenty-one banks agreed in Shanghai today to sell loans on China’s interbank market as the government allowed the ...
To be CEO after Geoghegan leaves year-end in power struggle.
Oriental Insurance Company Limited, one of India's premier insurance companies, is aiming to roll out two new health insurance ...
The credit growth in Uttar Pradesh has picked up in the current financial year, better than the previous year, as well as the ...
We can use the money but witholding tax should go, say bankers.
Chennai-based Indian Bank is targeting a total business of Rs 1.85 lakh crore in the current fiscal, a top official said here ...
The country's forex reserves rose by $3.23 billion to $287.73 billion last week from $284.50 billion in the previous week, ...
Shyam Srinivasan, formerly of the Standard Chartered Bank, on Thursday took charge as the new managing director & CEO of the ...
Commercial banks saw a fall in their returns on assets (RoA) in the financial year ended March 31, 2010 as a decrease in funding ...
Domestic banks will need Rs 6,00,000 crore capital in nine years to March 31, 2019, which is when the Basel-III norms kick in ...
Rs 140 crore
cover not enough as the expected revenue is Rs 713 crore.
Mutual funds continued to invest in papers maturing in up to three months on inflows in their liquid schemes, dealers said.
On ...
HDFC may raise deposit rates by 0.25-0.5 per cent next month.
Teaser home loan rates are likely to become a permanent fixture, with no bank willing to withdraw them soon.
A meeting was held in Shimla on Tuesday to finalise the record of discussions on Japan International Cooperation Agency(JICA) ...
The government will pare its borrowing in the second half of the financial year, thanks to higher-than-expected revenues from the ...
IFCI Financial Services Limited (I-Fin), financial products and services provider subsidiary of Industrial Finance Corporation of ...
Shyam Srinivasan today took charge as the managing director & chief executive officer (CEO) of the Kerala-based Federal Bank.
The Federal Reserve moved closer to a second wave of unconventional monetary easing and said for the first time that too-low ...
The rupee might extend the trend of its strengthening on the back of overseas inflows, bankers and dealers said.
The currency, ...
Worried over banks’ reluctance to increase deposit rates despite its signal, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has prodded ...
Rise 14.78 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Panel members not satisfied with deputy governor’s response.
Credit rating agency Crisil today announced acquisition of Pipal Research Corporation, a knowledge process outsourcing (KPO) ...
The Muthoot Pappachan Group, a diversified one, has picked up one per cent stake in the private sector Catholic Syrian Bank, ...
Banks are putting up stiff resistance to Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) move to deregulate the interest rate on ...
The Supreme Court today directed ICICI Bank to release the money of investment firm Jermyn Capital, suspected to be one of the 50 ...
Union Bank of India today said it expects Rs 1,500 crore capital infusion from the government to increase its business.
Customers of gold loans of up to Rs 1 lakh availed from regional rural banks (RRBs) can repay their credit with a one-time ...
The US Federal Reserve has once again retained key interest rates at near-zero levels as part of its continuing efforts to boost ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has postponed by a year its plan to open banking facilities in all villages with a population of ...
The rupee gained 14 paise to 45.53 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today on continued capital inflows ...
After Deutsche Bank, it has also sought to stop asset sale.
On a day the Sensex touched the 20,000 mark for the first time since January 2008 on the back of overseas inflows, bank stocks ...
Mangalore-headquartered public sector lender Corporation Bank has launched a ‘festival bonanza offer’ which includes ...
Bulk deposit rates breach 8%.
Domestic players take charge, put in $864 million since Jan.
Public sector lender Union Bank of India may raise deposit rates next month if its mobilisation is slow, amidst expectations of a ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country's largest life insurer, has set a pan-India premium collection target of ...
Karnataka-based Corporation Bank has set a business target of Rs 5 lakh crore by 2014, its top official said today.
Jorge Paulo Lemann lost his first job, as a financial columnist at Jornal do Brasil, after graduating from Harvard University in ...
State-run Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) has received the status of an infrastructure finance company (IFC) from the ...
BNP Paribas SA, Groupe Credit Agricole, BPCE SA and eight other banks were a fined a total of ¤384.9 million after ...
Currently, the company has 1,300 retail loan shops, which it plans to increase upto 1600 by March 2011.
In the last six months, ...
Use of debit cards can be popularised in the country if Reserve Bank of India (RBI) accepts a proposal that banks cut fees for ...
While the use of prepaid cards is yet to take off in India, the size of the potential market is estimated at $93 billion ( Rs ...
Says the central bank also has to maintain financial stability.
The European Union on Monday pressed for more access to its banking and insurance companies to operate in India, the second ...
Banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (CDs) on Monday to build their deposit base targets and on expectation that ...
H R Khan, one of the RBI’s seven executive directors, likely to replace Gopinath.
Sees it rising to Rs 5,150 crore this fiscal.
OC has not yet taken out cancellation policy.
Barely two weeks after opening a special branch for high networth individuals, the State Bank of India (SBI) on Monday launched ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Unique Identification Authority of ...
Financial sector watchdogs, RBI and Sebi, today came out strongly in support of having a diversified ownership in exchanges for ...
In the last fortnight alone (September 1-17), the foreign institutional investors have made a net buy of whopping Rs 12,442 crore ...
New bourse for currency derivatives the United Stock Exchange of India began operations today and witnessed good volumes in the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Executive Director Anand Sinha is set to replace Usha Thorat as deputy governor.
Karnataka-headquartered banks may not see any increase in their borrowing cost in the medium term despite a hike of key policy ...
ICICI Lombard gives lowest offer but rival insists on probe.
The future RBI action on monetary policy will be guided by factors like inflation and economic growth, rather than reversing the ...
Banks in Georgia, New Jersey, Ohio and Wisconsin were closed by regulators, according to statements posted yesterday on the ...
Elizabeth Warren, who President Barack Obama named an adviser to set up the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, immediately ...
Women hold only one in 20 board positions of the 100 largest companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
After lying low for about a year on the acquisition front, Saraswat Coop Bank – the largest among urban cooperative banks ...
The Karnataka-headquartered banks are planning to open new branches in the northern parts of the country to increase their ...
A day after digesting the Reserve Bank of India’s mid-quarter monetary policy review, most bankers say they will hold their ...
The Reserve Bank of India has given permission to the Department of Posts (DoP) to launch its prepaid debit card, in partnership ...
Three-month certificates of deposit (CDs) were quoted at 7.15-7.35 per cent as against 7.1-7.3 per cent on Wednesday, while ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised key rates today, but at the same time signalled that its monetary tightening cycle that ...
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) is targetting extension of banking facilities to 1,841 villages having population over ...
In an effort to grow business, Hyderabad-based microfinance institution (MFI) Trident Microfin plans to raise Rs 75 crore by ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, today announced that it had opened 50 first-of-its-kind ...
RBI sympathetic to need for debt restructure but hardnosed on details.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will consider tomorrow whether to raise interest rates for a fifth time this year as ...
The deals could be in the range of Rs 4,500 crore & Rs 1,000 crore, respectively.
The new Wholesale Price Index (WPI), seen as much wider and relevant, may present one more dilemma to the Reserve Bank of India ...
Issuances of short-term money market instruments rose manifold today because mutual funds, the major investors in such papers, ...
To pursue strategy through its non-performing loan division called Arms.
Nearly 50 million subscribers to Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) are in for a surprise bonanza with the ...
China’s banking regulator may require the nation’s biggest lenders to boost their capital adequacy ratios to as high ...
Japan intervened in the foreign- exchange market for the first time since 2004 after a surge in the yen to the strongest against ...
The Indian rupee gained 6 paise to 46.38 against the US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported ...
National Australia Bank Ltd scrapped a A$13.3 billion ($12.4 billion) bid for Axa Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd after the regulator ...
Corporate pension plans in the US are falling behind future payouts to retirees by the most in a decade amid a slowing economy ...
In an ideal world, central bankers should be “forward-looking”, as the cliché goes, and should base policy ...
Look to rope in insurance councils in the proposed panel.
Two years after Lehman Brothers collapsed under $613 billion of debt, investors are questioning whether the investment-banking ...
Public-sector lender Allahabad Bank might raise up to Rs 1,000 crore in 2010-11, if the credit offtake picks up further.
The Bank of Baroda (BoB) had received approvals from the government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for taking over the ...
Issuances of short-term money market instruments continued to remain low because mutual funds stayed on the sidelines due to ...
RBF had defaulted in paying about Rs 454 crore to 1.92 lakh depositors in 1999, following which about 20,000 depositors lodged ...
The Government is seeking global expertise to incorporate more security features in currency notes to combat counterfeiting.
The rupee gained 3 paise to 46.36 against the US $ in early trade today, supported by continued foreign capital inflows and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has formed a committee to review the current operating procedure of its monetary policy and the ...
European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet, speaking on behalf of the world’s central bankers, said he’s ...
Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) Deputy Governor, K C Chakrabarty said there was a plan to cover all villages through ...
Most Indian banks are sufficiently capitalised and unlikely to need additional capital in the near term to meet the Basel-III ...
Ramesh Vangal and foreign investors backing him have decided to exit the Nadar community-controlled Tamilnad Mercantile Bank ...
Every villager would be financially included in the next 5 years, Chakrabarty told reporters yesterday.
Shares of State Bank of India today zoomed over 6 per cent to hit a life-time high of Rs 3,175 on the BSE, taking the state-run ...
The rupee climbed to its highest in a month on Monday after robust factory output, and buoyed by a return in risk taking globally ...
State-owned Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has asked the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) to ...
Bankers and economists expect the RBI to increase repo rate by 25 basis points, its fifth increase this year.
The four state-owned general insurers have extended the application deadline by three weeks to September 24 for setting up a ...
Claims proposed to be regulated to lower losses.
The private equity arm of J P Morgan had invested Rs 200 crore during February 2008.
Another global financial behemoth AIG had ...
Muthoot Finance, which is into financial services business, will strengthen its presence in Andhra Pradesh by adding 150 branches ...
The impasse between the finance ministry and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on at least one crucial issue has come to an end.
Both ...
The Kerala-based Dhanalakshmi Bank is on a drive to ramp up its NRI (Non-resident Indian) deposit base and has devised a strategy ...
When a 30-year-old client met with an accidental death, his claim voucher amounted to Rs 65,280, including the accident benefit. ...
Hypo Real Estate Holding AG, the lender whose 2009 implosion was Germany’s biggest bank failure since World War II, is to ...
HSBC Holdings Plc is likely to pick a successor to Chairman Stephen Green before the end of the month, according to a person with ...
A senior banker at the Lloyds TSB has resigned following claims that millions of pounds were channelled to companies set up by a ...
Apollo, Fortis big exceptions.
The Reserve Bank of India has less space for policy intervention with regard to the present interest rate regime in the wake of ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) today said it has earned premium of Rs 4,853 crore from Bharat Sanchar Nigam (BSNL) under a ...
Foreign exchange reserves continued to rise for the second consecutive week, jumping by $2.49 billion to $285.33 billion on the ...
State-owned Punjab & Sind Bank, which has filed papers for a Rs 600 crore initial public offer (IPO), plans to recruit 1,000 ...
If you
are like your cigarette or gutkha, the Rajkot People’s Co-operative Bank has no job for you.
The bank does not hire ...
Norway, which has amassed the world’s second-biggest sovereign wealth fund, says Greece won’t default on its debts.
In another step to consolidate subsidiary companies, IDBI Bank plans merge IDBI Gilts Ltd, wholly-owned bond house, with itself.
The Tamil Nadu government plans to invite international bids by early next month for its proposed financial city near Chennai. ...
In what will earn insurance agents a higher commission, life insurance companies are launching new traditional products along ...
National Australia Bank Ltd’s planned A$13.3 billion ($12.2 billion) takeover of asset manager Axa Asia Pacific Holdings ...
Patients who are undergoing treatment and have cashless medical policies can now breathe easy.
Their existing policies will cover ...
The Reserve Bank of India has less space for policy intervention with regard to the present interest rate regime in the wake of ...
The Bank of England maintained its emergency bond-purchase plan and left its benchmark interest rate at a record low to support ...
Rates rose 5-10 basis points in the primary market on Thursday on views liquidity may tighten next week due to corporate advance ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had allowed banks to restructure loans of airline companies without reckoning them as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said large banks can be extremely vulnerable if expansion strategies are based on ...
Bank of India (BoI) would not require an extension of deadline to meet the 70 per cent provision coverage ratio mandated by the ...
Axis Bank has tied up with south-based microfinance institution Janalakshmi Social Services to provide banking services to the ...
"It's not as if credit is picking up with huge momentum.
Liquidity is better but still not in excess.
I think it's a ...
Federal Bank's ATM network has been linked to the IndiaPay National Financial Switch (NFS) managed by National Payments ...
The yen edged near to a 15-year high against the dollar on Thursday as investors bet on the Japanese authorities are not yet ...
Private sector lender ICICI Bank has been awarded the World Finance Awards 2010 in three categories.
The rupee today strengthened by 12 paise to trade at 46.51 a dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on continued capital ...
Four months after the €110-billion ($140 billion) bailout for Greece, the nation still hasn’t disclosed the full ...
Standard Chartered Plc, ranked 14th among merger advisers in India last year, has climbed to number two by financing takeovers in ...
To increase the share of low-cost deposits in the total resource base, Vijaya Bank is coming up with special offers for current ...
Global regulators reached a compromise on capital ratios for banks that would introduce higher capital requirements over a five ...
Interest rates on certificates of deposit (CDs), which had softened in previous weeks, might be headed upwards again with Rs ...
Issuances of short-term money market instruments fell on Wednesday because mutual funds, the major investors for such papers, ...
High deposit rates have finally succeeded in wooing customers.
During the fortnight ended August 27, deposits mobilised by banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed banks to help debt-strapped airline companies, on a case-by-case basis, by ...
Banks had sought easier exposure norms and priority sector status for such lending.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will set strict terms that may include additional capital requirements for banks managing large ...
South-based lender Federal Bank today said it is targeting a total business of Rs 75,000 crore by end-this fiscal on the back of ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) is contemplating an extension in the special concession scheme for small ...
On the back of a good monsoon, the National Bank For Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has witnessed a two-fold increase ...
Ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) September 16 monetary review, investment bank Nomura today said the central bank is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to hike repo rate by 25 basis points (bps) in the next credit policy, a top Market ...
The Reserve Bank today it will soon set up a working group to examine the possibility of deregulation of interest rates on ...
The home-loan battle between State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, and Housing Development Finance ...
Robert Diamond, the architect of Barclays Plc’s investment banking expansion, was appointed chief executive officer and ...
Government bank executives got a pleasant surprise today, which came from none other than the governor of Reserve Bank of India ...
Blackstone, one of the largest private equity (PE) firms in the world, was averse to investing in the Indian retail sector, said ...
Slum rehabilitation projects, increase in FSI trigger frantic activity by funds.
After reining in unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) with new guidelines, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
Ten-year bond rose as yields at the highest level in more than a week attracted investors.
In a sign of growing interest of Indian financial sector to expand abroad, 10 more Indian lenders plan to set up base in United ...
Banks in India will need about $100 billion (Rs 5 lakh crore) of capital over the next decade as the system grows to meet credit ...
Counterparty credit risk framework may have capital adequacy implications.
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) says it has the scope to raise up to Rs 4,000-crore capital in the current fiscal.
South-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank will concentrate on expanding its footprint in North India and over 75 per cent of ...
IDBI Bank today said it plans to raise capital of Rs 1,500 crore by the end of the current fiscal to fuel its expansion.
Largest mortgage lender HDFC today launched controversial teaser rates for home loans in its new avatar, a day after country's ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today asked banks to put in place systems and procedures with the view to becoming global ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said the banking sector is facing pressure on assets due to a sharp increase in defaults on ...
The strike call given by leading trade unions today affected banking services in the Left-ruled states of West Bengal, Kerala and ...
State-owned Bank of India today said it can raise up to Rs 7,000 crore from bonds to fund business growth.
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda is targeting a 20-25 per cent deposit growth despite not doing well on this front in ...
Private sector Karur Vysya Bank today decided to raise its foreign investment cap from the current 24 per cent to 35 per cent, ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank plans to raise over Rs 1,500 crore in FY 11 for its expansion and has already mopped up over half ...
NBFCs owned by brokerages do brisk business after recent listing gains.
In a bid to give fillip to its Rs 10,000 crore business target in Gujarat circle, Indian Bank is planning to sign memorandums of ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) plans to float a subsidiary, which will take care of its information technology business.
The bank is ...
HDFC Bank, India’s second-largest private sector bank, on Monday raised its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, may extend its teaser home loan scheme, though a final decision ...
By packaging rates and stabilising costs, insurers expect to cut expenses.
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) fell on Monday because mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines on fear of ...
A report by The Boston Consulting Group notes the human resource challenge for public sector banks due to large-scale retirement.
The State Bank of India’s (SBI’s) officers will stay away from tomorrow’s general strike, while most public ...
Macquarie report says govt expenditure may crowd out private borrowers.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to submit their estimates for credit to be given to farmers under the interest ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has rejected an application by Willis India Insurance Brokers (WIIB) ...
The banking sector is most likely to escape the purview of 'class action suit' provisions under the proposed Companies Bill, ...
India's banking industry will face two challenges--an economically viable solution for financial inclusion and human resources ...
Spanish banking group Santander is set to launch a recruitment drive that could see it hire 6,000 people over the next year or ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) might continue with eight per cent concessional home loan rate even after ...
Private sector HDFC Bank has hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points (bps) to 16.25 per cent.
Reserve Bank of India said fraudulent and ficticious offers though e-mails, mobile phones and SMSs had increased significantly in ...
Goldman Sachs (India) Finance Ltd (GIFL), a non-banking finance company (NBFC), plans to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through ...
Banks could be excluded from class-action suits, which have been proposed under the new Companies Bill, 2009.
The move will help ...
Banking operations are expected to be hit on September 7, with the All-India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) joining the ...
In an irony of sorts, RBI gets to approve salaries of all the top-level bankers in the country, but the central bank's top ...
The longer maturity of government bonds -- over one-third of about Rs 27 lakh crore of India's public debt is slated to mature ...
Insurance watchdog Irda will set up a centralised grievance redress mechanism to ensure that the problems of customers in the ...
Government-owned IDBI Bank is vetting options like a rights issue or a follow-on public offer (FPO) in the next 12-15 months.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc was disbanding its principal-strategies business, one of the groups that makes bets with the firm’s ...
Axis Bank has sought an approval from Bank of England to open a branch in London, executive director of the bank S K Chakrabarti ...
Public sector IDBI Bank plans to raise $one billion in foreign currency in the next 12-15 months, a top official of the bank
L&T Infrastructure Finance Co Ltd is eyeing a disbursal growth of 50 per cent during the current financial year, a company ...
After enduring the brunt of the economic downturn as a new entrant in the consumer banking space, Barclays Corporate, the ...
Future Generali India Life Insurance Company Ltd, a joint venture between Future Group and the Italy-based Generali Group, would ...
Indian Bank has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), to act as ...
S Raman, a banker for 36 years, has assumed charge as the new chairman & managing director (CMD) of Canara Bank, ...
As part of its efforts to focus more on Gujarat, Bank of Maharashtra plans to add 15 new branches in the state.
The bank today ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has revised interest rates on non-resident external (NRE) and foreign currency non-resident (FCNR) ...
Coming down heavily on banks for not optimally leveraging technology, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said there was clear ...
Keeping in view the larger interests of customers, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to inform account holders on ...
The Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty today asked bankers to bring down the cost of their services through ...
After declining for two consecutive weeks, the country's foreign exchange reserves grew by $293 million to $282.84 billion in the ...
After wooing the urban poor here with its 'One Rupee Bank' account, State Bank of India (SBI) is now aggressively targeting the ...
Banking behemoth Citigroup was keen to be a part of India’s growth story and would continue to focus on microfinance and ...
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Group, Britain’s biggest government-controlled bank, will eliminate 3,500 UK jobs and close 10 ...
China and India on Thursday urged stability in major reserve currencies and in nations’ macro-economic policies to help ...
State Bank of India on Thursday opened an exclusive branch -- the first-of-its-kind in the country-- for the ultra high networth ...
The market saw fewer issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) on Thursday as mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines ...
HSBC Holdings, Europe’s biggest bank, and rivals including Barclays and Standard Chartered might be forced to move their ...
National Housing Bank plans to introduce ratings for intermediaries involved in the housing finance market, Chairman and Managing ...
Volatility in WPI inflation due to supply shocks makes it less effective.
I met with an accident a year ago.
My car, which was valued at Rs 2.12 lakh, was repaired for Rs 3.5 lakh, qualifying as a total ...
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Ltd, the private equity arm of private sector lender ICICI Bank, plans to deploy its ...
India’s insurance industry is set for a makeover as it seeks to survive and grow in a changed environment that dawned on ...
Even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been tightening monetary policy to attack inflation, a study by the central bank says ...
Kotak Life Insurance today launched two new unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) -- Kotak Secure Invest Insurance and Kotak Wealth ...
Fraudulent home loan seekers and habitual defaulters will have a tough time now as lenders have a ready pool of information ...
Bank of America Merrill Lynch today said that it has appointed Sanjiv Malhotra as the country risk manager.
State Bank of India's branch here has broken even in just second year of its operations, defying speculations by some analysts ...
National Housing Bank starts special drive for sub-Rs 10lakh housing segment.
State-owned Indian Bank plans to sell assets worth Rs 900 crore to an asset reconstruction company (ARC). The bank said it would ...
Growth of micro finance institutions (MFIs) have witnessed a declining trend in the southern region of the country with emergence ...
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is expecting a 15 per cent growth in first premium ...
State Bank of Patiala, a public sector bank with headquarters in Patiala, opened seven brick & mortar branches in its ...
The appointment of a deputy governor to the country’s central bank has always been surrounded by controversy.
And this time ...
Move may lead to a fall in the number of empanelled brokerages.
Public sector insurance giant Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is growing by almost 125 per cent in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand ...
Issuances of short-term money market instruments rose on Wednesday as mutual funds, the major investors in such papers, purchased ...
Broking houses located in the north are gearing up to consolidate their presence in the existing market and cross state borders ...
Emerging-market governments and companies almost doubled sales of dollar-denominated bonds in August from a year ago as costs to ...
Choosing to grow predominantly through branches and automatic teller machines (ATMs), IDBI Bank on Wednesday said it was not ...
In an effort to increase the share of low-cost deposits in the total resource base, IDBI Bank has waived charges on current ...
Two pension products also cleared on day one of the new Ulip regime.
CoreLogic Global Services Pvt Ltd, a subsidiary US-based CoreLogic, has estimated that the retail real estate finance market in ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co told traders who bet on commodities for the firm’s account that their unit would be closed as the ...
A section of bank employees will go on strike on September 7 in protest against the disinvestment policy of the government and ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today asked the insurance industry to head to the hinterland with products that are affordable ...
The government today appointed new chiefs for eight public sector banks, including Canara Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce and UCO ...
Private life player, HDFC Standard Life, today launched a new unit-linked insurance product (Ulip), assuring higher returns.
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said the new guidelines for unit-linked insurance products (Ulips) will boost investor ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said the initial public float guidelines for the industry will be ...
IDBI Mutual Fund
today announced the launch of its second index fund -- the IDBI Nifty Junior Index Fund.
The direct taxes code (DTC) may bring some change in the game for foreign companies as it proposes to reduce corporate tax rates. ...
The search committee to select a new deputy governor for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to interview all seven ...
KKR India Advisors Private Limited today appointed Heramb Hajarnavis as director.
He will be based in Mumbai.
Prior to joining ...
A Rajagopal, the head of equity capital markets at UBS in Mumbai, plans to join Standard Chartered Bank as head of its equity ...
Religare Capital Markets hired Nalin Nayyar, a managing director at Citigroup, as head of investment banking for India as the ...
Welcome Direct Taxes Code proposal to exempt long-term capital gains from tax.
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country's second largest nationalized bank, expects to form its fully owned subsidiary at ...
American International Group (AIG) Inc’s planned $2.15 billion sale of its Taiwan life insurance unit was blocked by local ...
State-run National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), which has launched “Project Reposition” by ...
Ten-year bonds rose the most in more than three weeks, paring a monthly loss, on speculation investors will opt for the safety of ...
After six months of dilly-dallying, the government has settled for the list of eight public sector bank chiefs which was ...
The Insurance Development and Regulatory Authority's (Irda) new guidelines protecting unit-linked insurance product (Ulips) ...
Buoyed by 28.4 per cent jump in net profit, Punjab National Bank (PNB), aims at raising deposits by 20 per cent during 2010-11 ...
After a gap of two years, mortgage leader HDFC today increased its retail prime lending rate (RPLR) by 50 basis points to 14.25 ...
The public sector general insurer, The New India Assurance Company, has set a target to double its business from overseas in the ...
Non-banking financial company (NBFC) Magma Fincorp’s plans to foray into non-life insurance space may take longer than ...
Once new regulations kick in from tomorrow, the biggest challenge for life insurance companies will be to cut costs to prop up ...
Life insurers may have to postpone their public listing plans and take longer to break even than originally anticipated, as a ...
For one, insurers will have to offer a minimum prescribed return.
Global investment bank, Nomura, on Monday announced the appointment of Indraneil Borkakoty as head of equity capital markets ...
Financing of solar projects under the Centre’s ambitious national solar mission has hit a major roadblock as banks have ...
Total loan outstanding of micro finance institutions are likely to be around Rs 23,000 crore by the end of March 2011, a 78 per ...
Investors prefer shorter maturity papers.
State-run Punjab & Sind Bank may consider the participation of anchor investors for its initial public offer (IPO), through ...
The government may cut the size of a rights issue sought by the country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), for ...
The yield on government bonds may soften on Monday, reflecting RBI Governor D Subbarao’s statement on the easing of ...
The total premium collection of both the life and property insurance industry is expected to exceed $11.2 billion by 2012-13, a ...
Blackstone Group LP is refunding some performance fees earned during the commercial real estate boom, the first time fund ...
Some microfinance institutions (MFIs) are adopting a monthly model of loan collection, matching the cash flows of their ...
Insurance takeovers are headed for the biggest year since the peak of the last merger boom, as financial-services firms from Bank ...
Leading non banking finance company Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Company signed a pact with VE Commercial Vehicles Ltd ...
Haseeb Drabu on Friday resigned as chairman of Jammu & Kashmir Bank, a year before his term was scheduled to end.
Appointed ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) on Friday launched Kotak NRI Credit Card, specially designed for the bank’s NRI customers at ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Duvvuri Subbarao today said that short-term growth could be sacrificed but if inflation was ...
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB) is set to take over loss-making Ongole Cooperative bank.
Disfavours insurers’ plan to have life agents sell non-life plans.
UNIFI Capital (P) Ltd has launched the Insider Shadow Fund with a corpus of Rs 100 crore.
This will be company’s sixth ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said the US central bank “will do all that it can” to ensure a continuation ...
State Bank of India will reschedule repayment of about Rs 100 crore of short-term agriculture loan, in view of drought in West ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves declined for the second consecutive week, reaching $282.549 billion for the week ended ...
The government today said public sector banks wrote-off loans worth Rs 10,966 crore from their books of accounts during the ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB), one of India’s leading private banks, strengthened its presence in the state of Kerala with the ...
"The next edition of Consolidated FDI Policy Circular -- Circular 2 of 2010 -- will be issued on September, 30, 2010, which ...
After 90 long years of banking, State Bank of Indore (also known as Indore Bank) has now merged into State Bank of India today as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks that while they should ensure opening of no-frill accounts by members of the ...
Lending in affluent states way below target.
Having already infused Rs 90 crore, private insurer Aegon Religare Life Insurance (ARLI) would further infuse around Rs 360 crore ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM), the Bangalore-based associate bank of State Bank of India, today launched a crop loan scheme for ...
Progress made by commercial banks on releasing funds for micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) would be reviewed at a ...
Insurers to raise threshold to give returns prescribed by Irda.
ICICI Bank on Thursday said it had allotted its shares to the shareholders of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) following the amalgamation ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has imposed a penalty of Rs 10 lakh each on Bharti Axa Life Insurance ...
UNIFI Capital (P) Ltd has launched Insider Shadow Fund with a corpus of Rs 100 crore.
This will be the Chennai-based fund ...
The moratorium period on most restructured loans will be completed by the next quarter and it remains to be seen if banks can ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) rose on Thursday because mutual funds and banks were keen on investing in short-term ...
Rising interest rates also trigger trend.
Sanjeev Bajaj is rejoining Credit Suisse Group AG from JM Financial as head of fixed income in India, according to an internal ...
City-based Indian Bank has said it expects around 30-35 per cent growth in lending to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) during ...
A year after the financial crisis subsided, the $2.5 trillion private equity (PE) industry is finding the easy money may be gone.
With a view to fund solar power projects, bankers want the government to allow them to issue tax-free bonds, which work as stream ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) Chairman Haseeb Drabu has been asked to resign, highly placed sources said tonight.
As many as 283 shareholders of the Bank of Rajasthan (BoR), including one of its founding members, today moved the Company Law ...
Amid concerns raised by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) over its autonomy, the central bank has for the first time sought the ...
With India and China poised to over take US in the field of training more highly proficient computer scientists, a top US Defence ...
ICICI Bank today said it has alloted shares of the bank to shareholders of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) following the amalgamation of ...
Irish bond yields jumped to the highest since May after Standard & Poor’s cut the country’s credit rating one ...
The government is likely to appoint State Bank of India as the clearing bank for the proposed Goods and Services Tax (GST) and ...
The city-based Shriram Group has pulled out of the race to acquire Citi Financial India, a struggling non-banking finance company ...
Following the hassle caused after four public sector non-life insurance companies withdrew cashless facility from certain ...
To compensate for the expected drop in sales of life insurance policies after the new guidelines on unit-linked insurance plans ...
The department of personnel and training (DoPT) has expressed reservations on some appointments for top posts in public sector ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to have a new deputy governor in November, when the present term of Usha Thorat comes to ...
Country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), on Wednesday said it did not plan any hike in its lending or deposit ...
After completing the amalgamation of state Bank of Saurashtra and State Bank of Indore with itself, State Bank of India (SBI) ...
State-run Dena Bank will cover 1,000 villages over the next few years as part of its financial inclusion programme.
The bank said ...
Data from RBI show that deposit mobilisation fell Rs 8,016 crore in the fortnight to August 13 to a total outstanding of Rs ...
Indian Bank has estimated its liability would go up by Rs 1,000 crore, if the 50 per cent of employees, who earlier opted for ...
Mutual funds (MFs) continued to invest in shorter-tenure papers on Wednesday due to the surplus liquidity in their fixed maturity ...
ING Life India, part of ING group today launched their new non linked and non participative child plan ‘ING ...
Private life insurer ING Life India today said it would continue to focus on selling traditional products vis-a-vis Unit Linked ...
Economists say RBI likely to raise rates by 25 bps in mid-September.
BHP Billiton Ltd’s loan to buy Potash Corp of Saskatchewan Inc has pushed lending to commodity firms to $128 billion this ...
Last week, Tata AIG General Insurance launched a jewellery and valuables insurance cover for high net worth individuals — a ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, the bank with the biggest trading profits on Wall Street, is losing market share underwriting corporate ...
Private sector lender ING Vysya Bank today increased lending rate by 50 basis points while hiked deposit rates by up to 1.75 per ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today said as a result of the base rate regime, some corporate clients who borrow ...
As part of its efforts to increase its rural business, money transfer services leader Western Union has roped in leading ...
Leading private insurer Birla Sun Life today launched two variants of its recently launched savings plan, offering 20 per cent ...
Helping policy holders caught in the fight between insurers and hospitals, regulator Irda today said companies will have to ...
Back-tracking from releasing the sanctioned loan to consumer by a bank amounts to unfair trade practice, a consumer court has ...
For the first time since a financial stability and development council (FSDC) was proposed by the government, the Reserve Bank of ...
China Railway Group Ltd, the world’s second-largest publicly traded heavy construction company, said it is in talks with ...
Applies for venture fund IPO but with big changes in size, structure, focus.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked insurers to issue show cause notices to and abstain from ...
“My entire staff is looking forward to a holiday,” says J Hari Narayan, chairman, Insurance Development and ...
Sounding a note of caution on inflation, the Reserve Bank of India said high and generalised inflation has persisted this year ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) income for 2009-10 fell 45.85 per cent to Rs 32,884.14 crore, from Rs 60,731.98 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said the supervisory regime of non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) needed to be ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said there was a possibility of return of another phase of capital inflows, indicating ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked commercial banks to carefully assess risks of unhedged foreign currency exposure of ...
Shares of the three associate banks of State Bank of India (SBI) – State Bank of Mysore, State bank of Bikaner & Jaipur ...
You can take an Indian out of India, but can’t take India — or, cricket for that matter — out of an Indian, as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to review the guidelines for issuing commercial papers (CPs). CP issuances are expected to ...
Medium-term inflation management to ease supply constraints in key sectors.
Intel Capital, the venture capital (VC) arm of global chipmaker Intel, is focusing on investing in services firms that can cater ...
"All branches of State Bank of Indore will function as branches of State Bank of India from August 27, 2010.
Customers, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said non-repayment of loans, restructured for some sectors of the economy due to global ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) has set up a committee headed by former Sebi chairman G N Bajpai to ...
IDBI Fortis Life Insurance has changed its name to IDBI Federal Life Insurance Co, following rechristening of its foreign partner ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today expressed concern over rise in asset prices, but said it will have limited implication for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said India's economic recovery is "robust" even as it expressed concern over the ...
The only unlisted state-owned lender Punjab & Sind Bank is likely to file draft prospectus with Sebi by the end of this month ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda)  has asked insurance companies not to do business with 884 ...
The rupee today weakened by 11 paise to Rs 46.75 a dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market in early trade due to ...
State-run Dena Bank plans to enter the syndication business.
For this, the bank has set up a team in Mumbai and fixed a revenue ...
Indian Bank plans to raise around Rs 1,000 crore in December 2010.
The proposed fund raising would help the bank to increase its ...
IDBI, UCO Bank, OBC and Vijaya Bank get the directive.
The Federal Reserve plans to cut American International Group’s credit line by about $3.6 billion in a sign of confidence ...
If you are planning to buy a term insurance policy, consider buying one online.
Close on the heels of Aegon Religare Life ...
The shares of three associate banks of State Bank of India (SBI) hit their upper limit of 20 per cent today on news about rights ...
Public Sector Andhra Bank is going ahead with its plans to financially include 1144 villages in different states including Orissa ...
When most commercial banks and big micro finance (MF) institutions are reluctant to enter into MF business in North-East, a local ...
Germany-based Deutsche Bank has set a target to grow by 30 per cent in India.
The bank, which mainly focuses on deposits and ...
Venture Capital firm Sequoia Capital, is planning to invest around Rs 165 crore in Chennai-based country’s first standalone ...
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBs) Group is selling its fifth series of UK structured notes with returns based on proprietary indices, ...
The regulator assures it will approve new Ulips on time.
Crucial changes to the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy announced by the Ministry of Commerce & Industry on March 31 ...
Karur-headquartered Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) on Monday said it planned to launch a housing finance subsidiary (HFC) to grow its ...
The amount of money flowing into bond funds is poised to exceed the cash that went into stock funds during the internet bubble, ...
Hospital chain Fortis Healthcare, which reportedly plans to foray into insurance business, today said Indian insurance products ...
State Bank of India (SBI) said it is yet to make any headway in its investigations into five cases of fraudulent ATM withdrawals ...
Financial institution Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) today launched its first ever series of tax-free ...
State-owned IDBI Bank plans to open 280 branches across the country in the next 12 months to help increase its retail business.
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ), the largest associate bank of the SBI Group, today raised its lending rate by 50 basis ...
The employees of public sector general insurance companies and Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) are set to get a 17.5 per cent ...
Government-owned Punjab & Sind Bank is planning to raise Rs 500-600 crore through an initial public offer (IPO) by diluting ...
Banks will soon have greater choice in selecting their source of information as more credit bureaus seek a share of the growing ...
Enthused by impressive first quarter numbers, State Bank of India (SBI) is hopeful of earning a net profit of over Rs 10,000 ...
The employees of public sector general insurance companies and Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) are set to get a 17.5 per cent ...
Facing flak from India and others for acting as a safe haven to foreigners stowing away wealth, Swiss banks have said they will ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will take a common stand along with other regulators on the issue of ...
Base rate, hike in PLR to come to the rescue.
State-owned general insurance companies are planning to introduce health insurance products, designed to suit the need of ...
Breaking a nine-week streak of net accretion, India’s foreign exchange reserves fell $ 4.57 billion in the week ended ...
A suggestion by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that foreign shareholding in new private sector banks be capped at 50 per cent ...
M Anandan, former managing director of Cholamandalam DBS Finance, has floated a new housing finance company called Aptus Value ...
The cumulative financial assistance to Uttar Pradesh (UP) by the central finance agency, National Bank for Agriculture and Rural ...
Hospitals and state-owned insurers will take a few more days to reach a deal on resuming cashless mediclaims in all city ...
Country's foreign exchange reserves declined by $4.56 billion to $282.79 billion for the week ended August 13, as against $287.35 ...
How about your fixed deposits being flexible?
Soon this could be possible, as the country's biggest lender State Bank of India ...
The government is streamlining the process of appointment of independent directors in Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs), a ...
Imagine a scenario in which the project of an Executive MBA study group turns into a thriving business for one of its members. ...
A report by Parliament’s Standing Committee on Science and Technology has noted that the higher the liability limit in the ...
It may not make sense if you have only a couple of years left or are on teaser rates.
India’s second-largest microfinance company Spandana Sphoorty Financial was likely to hire Morgan Stanley, Citigroup Inc ...
MasterCard Inc, the world’s second- biggest payments network, agreed to buy DataCash Group Plc for about £333 million ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) monetary policy was moving in the right direction to curb inflationary pressures ...
Top global Indians are hot news across the world.
Vikram Pandit, the chief executive of Citigroup Inc, Indira Nooyi chief ...
The private sector hospitals and PSU insurers are likely to arrive at an interim settlement on restoration of cashless treatment ...
RBI may prescribe higher net worth for firms.
Following the larger players, Thrissur-based private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank today announced a 25-75 basis points hike in ...
The selection of RTS, which is used by 120 exchanges globally, was announced today.
Germany-based Deutsche Bank has set a 30 per cent growth target for its India business.
The bank, which has mainly focused on ...
The Supreme Court on Wednesday declined to pass any direction to the government or the public sector banks to recover the huge ...
With a rising proportion of non-performing assets (NPAs) in education loans, banks have approached the government, seeking ...
The MDRT includes agents who have done insurance business of more than $one million in a year.
Less than one per cent of the ...
The steady cash flows from infrastructure projects like roads, helped companies that rent out construction equipment (CE), to ...
Deutsche Bank AG hired Ajay Kapur to head its new Asian equity strategy team, which will include two of his former colleagues ...
Conditions attached by RBI ensure it won’t take off, contend experts.
I have an ongoing unit-linked insurance plan (Ulip). I want to enhance my cover.
My insurance company does offer additional life ...
The Jaipur Stock Exchange (JSE) suspended on Wednesday trading in shares of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR), with immediate effect, for ...
Andhra Pradesh State Co-operative Bank Limited (Apcob) registered over two-fold increase in net profit to Rs 137 crore for the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may go for further hike in policy rates in its mid-quarter review next month as part of its ...
South-based Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) today said it will be applying for 100 new branches in the next fiscal to meet its total ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net buyers of Rs 674.52 crore (provisional) today, according to data released by BSE.
Anil Ambani Group's life insurance venture Reliance Life has registered a 33 per cent rise in its total premium income to Rs ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Dubai Multi Commodities Centre Authority (DMCC), a free zone ...
The Dhanlaxmi Bank has set a target of Rs 28,000 crore in total business for the next 12-month period, double the current level ...
The shares of financial services firm India Infoline rose more than seven per cent on Tuesday on market buzz that the promoters ...
Listing trend isn’t a betrayal but a natural evolution, say practitioners.
With speculation reviving over who will succeed Josef Ackermann as chief executive officer of Deutsche Bank AG, the company will ...
Syndicate Bank, the Manipal-headquartered public sector lender, has introduced special rate of interest on fresh home loans.
For ...
Worries about liquidity holding back growth, say players.
Venture capital (VC) firm Sequoia Capital, which on Tuesday announced an investment of Rs 60 crore in Quick Heal Technologies, a ...
Private equity (PE) players are again ready to look at small and medium enterprises (SMEs).
HDFC Standard Life on Tuesday announced that it had ended the first quarter with a reported loss of Rs 75.1 crore ...
Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) may miss its September 2010 deadline to comply with the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) ...
Banks had to keep track of the asset-liability mismatches arising on account of infrastructure financing, while appraisal and ...
Tata Capital, a subsidiary
of Tata Sons, plans to hive off its infrastructure finance business into a subsidiary.
The finance ministry has asked government banks to shift to a system where non-performing assets (NPAs) are identified by ...
Dutch insurer Aegon today said it will repay the remaining euro 2 billion of the euro 3 billion aid it had received from the ...
Government bond prices dropped on heavy selling pressure from banks and corporates and call rates also finished lower at 5.65 per ...
Leading private life insurer HDFC Standard Life today reported 63 per cent growth in first-year premium collection at Rs 692.7 ...
British banking major Barclays has agreed to pay $298 million (190 million pounds) to US authorities to settle investigations ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today announced an across-the-board upward revision of its lending rates by 0.25 per ...
Financial Technologies group's Singapore Mercantile Exchange today said it will start trading from August 31, 2010, launching ...
Depositors of Krushi Bank will get a part of their money back after a long wait.
Paves way for listing of more microfinance institutions.
Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) has received fresh approval from the government for its initial public offering (IPO), a senior bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) must be watchful of possible conflict of interest and related-party lending while giving bank ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank on Monday said it had raised Rs 665 crore of capital through two bond issues.
The bank raised Rs ...
State Bank of India’s (SBI) latest offering – to link deposit rates with base rate – is being viewed as a ...
Wall Street banks led by JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley stand to make a combined $120 million on General Motors ...
T o enhance transparency in unit-linked insurance products (Ulips) and protect the interest of policyholders, the Insurance ...
After setting stiff norms for unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips), the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, announced sharp increases—by up to 150 basis points — ...
ICICI Bank today raised its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points to 16.25 per cent, making home, auto and ...
The regulator Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today asked the insurance companies not to provide ...
This amounted to a record 200 per cent growth over the previous year and both the banks registered 100 per cent utilisation, K C ...
In a major fillip to the success of infrastructure bonds, the government has decided to exempt them from getting the credit ...
The Reserve Bank of India has said it will address the concerns that banks have on the recent directive on sale of bonds in the ...
Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank, Merrill Lynch and HSBC are among those planning to expand their private banking teams this year, ...
Indian Bank, which entered its 104th year of operations on August 15th, is planning to open 190 branches and 250 ATMs during the ...
Life insurance companies are likely to reduce premium on their products after an updated mortality table comes into force, which ...
National bankers body, IBA, today said interest rates have to go up sooner than later as there is a decline in the growth of ...
IDBI Bank paid a dividend of Rs 3 per share (30 per cent dividend on the face value of Rs 10) for the financial year ended March ...
The government has invited applications for the post of Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of Small Industries Development Bank ...
The Reserve Bank's proposal to cap foreign investment in new banks below 50 per cent is aimed at maintaining the diversity of the ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, will decide on hiking interest rates by at least 25 basis points in a couple ...
The four state-owned general insurers will set up a common Third Party Administrator (TPA) as a joint venture to manage health ...
Anil Ambani Group's life insurance venture Reliance Life has sold the highest number of policies among private players in the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman Om Prakash Bhatt does not seem unduly worried about accretion of bad debt.
For him, the ...
Even as public sector banks have started increasing prime lending rates (PLR), Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today indicated that it was not in favour of providing a special dispensation for restructuring ...
A lone dissenter on the Federal Reserve’s policy-making committee warned Friday that the central bank’s monetary ...
RSA Insurance Group Plc, the UK’s biggest non-life insurer, made a 5 billion-pound ($7.8 billion) bid for Aviva Plc’s ...
In a move that will affect several top business houses, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today introduced minimum capital adequacy ...
The economic recovery almost two years after the manifestation of global crisis has been uneven and the outlook for the global ...
Listing plans of life insurance companies may take longer, with the delay in raising the foreign direct investment (FDI) cap to ...
The country’s foreign exchange reserves went up by $3.17 billion – the biggest increase in six weeks – to reach ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) shares rose to their highest level since November 1995, a day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
But bankers assert the worst is behind them.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said persons charged with violation of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) should ...
Despite uncertainty in the regulatory environment that shrouded unit-linked insurance policies (Ulips), life insurance companies ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank is likely to raise interest rates on auto loans by 0.50 per cent in the next 7-10 days, a senior ...
One of the most recognisable faces in the country’s financial services sector, Naina Lal Kidwai is one of the few women to ...
Breaking its silence over debt recast for the airline industry, State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, today said interest rates were headed upwards and it would soon ...
State Bank of India (SBI) on Thursday said consolidated net profit for the group went up by 21.99 per cent to Rs 3,356.26 crore ...
Loans to infrastructure segments like power, telecom, roads and ports led the growth in bank credit in 2009-10, when the Indian ...
Corporate hospitals may restore cashless treatment to policyholders of the four public sector health insurance firms in a week.
The Life Insurance Agents’ Federation of India (LIAFI), which has 1,000 branch associations affiliated to it, on Thursday ...
With Parliament on Thursday passing an enabling bill for reduction of government stake in the country’s largest lender, ...
Vacancies, NPS to be taken up in a meeting tomorrow.
Prudential Plc, the UK insurer that failed to buy AIA Group earlier this year, said it won’t make another bid for the ...
Switzerland-based lender Credit Suisse today announced that it had received a licence from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday said it had approved the proposed merger between ICICI Bank and Bank of Rajasthan ...
Insurers want to encourage persistency in agents.
Citigroup, 18 per cent owned by the US government, is testing a website to let millionaires’ children manage their ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI) today said its board has approved raising up to Rs 10,286 crore through Tier-I and ...
Stock of State Bank of India, the country's largest bank, today touched its 52 week high at Rs 2,692 after it announced that it ...
Leading corporate hospitals, which are out of the preferred provider network (PPN) of public sector health insurance firms, will ...
Finance companies say they are relieved at the capital requirement proposed for a new banking licence in the discussion paper put ...
Considering the low progress of Debt Swap Scheme in Punjab and to rescue farmers from the clutches of moneylenders who charge ...
Indiabulls, Dewan Housing Finance may be out of reckoning.
The Reserve Bank of India is considering a 50 per cent cap on foreign investment in new banks with a 10-year lock-in and keeping ...
RBI is candid in its intention of using more licences to deepen financial inclusion, and also increasing competition.
The vision ...
Yes Bank is planing to buy one per cent in the United Stock Exchange (USE), which plans to go live with currency trading this ...
Bank of England Governor Mervyn King said inflation will probably slow below the bank’s target in 2012 and growth will be ...
Insurers are pushing riders with term plans.
You may not need most of these.
The fact that the central bank has started exploring the possibility of allowing industrial houses for banking activities has ...
Shares of select non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) rose between two to four per cent on Wednesday, after the Reserve Bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said credit offtake from banks grew by 19.73 per cent during the one-year period ended July ...
The country witnessed an almost 16 per cent jump in transactions carried out by means of credit cards during the first three ...
Srei Infrastructure Finance today said it is likely to venture into banking.
The Reserve Bank today suggested lowering the foreign investment limit in new private sector banks to below 50 per cent from 74 ...
State-owned lender Punjab & Sind Bank today announced an increase in interest rates on fixed deposits (FDs) of different ...
The RBI today said it is mulling granting banking licence to a "limited number" of new private players and invited ...
In the past few days, the media has been quite active on the subject of cashless facilities provided by hospitals.
There have ...
China’s banking regulator ordered banks to transfer off-balance sheet loans onto their books and make provisions for those ...
Mangalore-head quartered private sector lender, Karnataka Bank Limited, has raised its Prime Lending Rate (PLR) by 25 basis ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) is planning to create a loan corpus of Rs 500 crore for farmers in Andhra Pradesh.
Besides, as part of ...
The central bank wants to control markets that grow on arbitrage.
With shipping channels at Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust remaining closed for the third day, public sector insurer United India ...
The government has decided to go ahead with the appointment of a consultant to suggest ways to revamp IFCI despite opposition ...
Property and infrastructure funds are increasingly seeing a change of guard as deal flow improves in the two sectors after 18 ...
Risk aversion leads to innovative structured deals.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today came out strongly against banks using securitisation, a system under which loans are sold ...
Home, auto and education loans from a host of banks have become costlier for existing borrowers by up to 75 basis points, after ...
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank today hiked its prime lending rate (PLR) by up to 50 basis points to 12.50 per cent in ...
Despite Irda’s good moves, insurance policies should be bought for cover, and not for investment.
Net profit of Kolkata-based Srei Infrastructure Finance rose 20 per cent to Rs 46.65 crore for the first quarter ended June, ...
HSBC on Monday announced that the country head for India, Naina Lal Kidwai, would be joining its Asia-Pacific board.
Kidwai will ...
Reliance Capital posted a 49 per cent drop in the profit after tax to Rs 77 crore for the quarter ended June, as against Rs 151 ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co, India’s biggest private sector non-life insurance company, reported a 13 per cent drop ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will shortly come out with guidelines pertaining to administration of ...
Life insurance companies are going to see a squeeze in margins and profitability, given the prescribed structural changes to be ...
To review base rate by September-end, bankers tell RBI.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to trade in currency futures, giving them the ...
Bailed out mortgage lender Freddie Mac today reported a massive rise in its losses to $6 billion in the three months ended June ...
Providing relief to foreign entities having branch or liaison offices in India, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today changed the ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce today announced an increase of 50 basis points in its benchmark lending rate and up to ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said profitability of insurance companies will be impacted with ...
With the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) assurance on steps to manage inflation, the yield on government bonds is ...
Indian banks have asked the Reserve Bank of India to permit them to trade in gold in the domestic market and even hedge their ...
SBI Capital Markets Ltd, the investment advisory arm of State Bank of India, is planning to float a dedicated small and medium ...
The Centre is likely to up its stake in Nabard to up to 99 per cent by acquiring the Reserve Bank's stake for Rs 1,450 crore in ...
Leading industrialists and bankers today met at the ICICI Bank headquarters in Mumbai to prepare a road map for financial ...
If inflation levels do not come down in the next four weeks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may go for a rate hike in its ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has slapped a Rs 10 lakh fine on private sector life insurer SBI Life ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) recorded a 10.99 per cent rise in valuation surplus to Rs 23,478 crore in 2009-10 as compared to ...
Bond traders breathe easy as rate increase fears allayed.
New Delhi-based finance company IFCI Ltd’s stock today fell 5.5 per cent to Rs 59 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). The ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group, Britain’s biggest government-owned lender, swung into profit for the first time since 2007 as ...
The foreign exchange reserves grew by a healthy $1.25 billion to $284.18 billion for the week ended July 30, helped by a robust ...
Public sector lender Canara Bank today said it has raised Rs 750 crore through a bonds issue.
Slumping into the red, American International Group (AIG) has posted a second quarter loss of $2.7 billion, due to a massive ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should give new banking licences to domestic corporates in order to achieve the government's ...
In see-saw trade, the Indian rupee today appreciated by a modest four paise to nearly a one-and- a-half-month high of 46.15/16 ...
The government today said the banking ombudsman has received several complaints against private sector lenders including HDFC ...
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda today hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points to 12.50 per cent.
South India-based Karur Vysya Bank Ltd is targetting 26 per cent annual profit growth by adding new branches to create a ...
Bank of Baroda has decided to increase its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points from existing 12 per cent per ...
The Erode District Central Cooperative Bank Ltd has earned a profit of Rs 13.25 crore for 2009-2010 against Rs 12.05 crore made ...
In a sign that state-owned insurance companies are now gearing up to enhance their presence overseas through the inorganic route, ...
Subbarao says inflation targeting neither desirable nor practical in India.
International Finance Corporation (IFC), part of World Bank, plans to take 20 per cent stake in Ananya Finance for Inclusive ...
Buoyed by improving economic environment and higher investment flows, private equity (PE) companies are increasing their exposure ...
The banking sector seems to be gaining momentum, if the April-June quarter net interest income (NII) and net profit numbers of 39 ...
The delays that characterised appointment of public sector banks chiefs are back.
Reason: Changes in rules proposed by the ...
The Bank of England kept its bond-stimulus plan in place and left its benchmark interest rate at a record low as officials ...
Allahabad Bank is planning to expand its international operations by setting up new offices in China and Bangladesh.
It would ...
As Irda refuses to budge on guaranteed returns.
A day after the storm, it was apparently business as usual for Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty.
The man, ...
Expected to mop up Rs 350,000 crore for infra and other projects.
Embattled Commonwealth Games (CWG) Organising Committee Chairman Suresh Kalmadi has set the ball rolling on seeking insurance ...
China’s banking regulator told lenders last month to conduct a new round of stress tests to gauge the impact of residential ...
The Andhra Pradesh regional office of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) on Wednesday signed a ...
Union Bank of India, a state-owned lender, plans to sell five and a half-year dollar bonds at a spread of about 315 basis points ...
Within months of implementing variable pay, IDBI Bank has decided to review the system, which has faced flak from its employees ...
Edges out Hong Kong from the top position by giving 20% of the H1 numbers.
The foreign exchange reserves went up by 10.75 per cent during the last fiscal to stand at $279.1 billion due to the valuation ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today proposed that commercial banks, primary dealers and NBFCs should be allowed to engage in ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank today increased its lending rate by 0.50 per cent besides raising the deposit rates by up to 0.75 ...
Private lender Axis Bank's Travel Currency Card programme in a tie-up with Visa has become the first card in the country to touch ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has shuffled the portfolios of its top-level functionaries, reducing the responsibilities of ...
British banking giant Standard Chartered's Indian operations registered a healthy 19 per cent rise in pre-tax profit in the first ...
Bharti Axa General Insurance Company (BAGICL), the joint venture project of Bharti Enterprises and global AXA group, today said ...
The Lok Sabha today adopted a compromise resolution asking government to contain inflation at the end of a fiery debate on price ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has reallocated the portfolios of deputy governors, moving a major chunk of the responsibility to ...
The life insurance industry is caught in a web of uncertainty.
While the regulator, the Insurance Development and Regulatory ...
Indian Bank has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) to act as ...
Students going abroad for studies need to have an insurance cover.
And the good news is that purchasing the cover
in India, if ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee will review the performance of state-run banks for financial year ended March 31 at a meeting ...
Union Bank of India would raise at least $300 million (Rs 1,385.1 crore) through 66-month bonds later today, an official at the ...
Tata Capital, the non-banking finance arm of the Tata group, today announced it was going to partner with Tokyo-based Mizuho ...
IDBI Bank, which raised $350 million (Rs 1,615.95 crore) selling overseas bonds, planned to raise another $350 million in bond ...
With an aim to strengthen its banking network, HDFC Bank Ltd is planning to open 250 new branches across the country in the next ...
After acquiring the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) stake in State Bank of India, the government plans to pick up the central ...
The state-owned lender IDBI Bank today said it will mobilise $1 billion from foreign markets by the end of the fiscal as the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has approved the appointment of Shyam Srinivasan as the new managing director and CEO of the ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank Group, will provide trade financing of up to $25 million ...
Due diligence on, deal may happen in a week, say sources.
The controversy over regulation of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) has had little impact on the private life insurance ...
Financial year 2010 was a mixed bag for foreign banks in India.
While a few returned to the growth path, most continued to deal ...
Andhra Pradesh has benefitted the most from the business correspondence model floated by the Centre – as part of its ...
After Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Union Bank of India, Mangalore-based Corporation Bank today hiked its prime lending rate by ...
Call money rate past six per cent; 10-year yield touches three-month high.
Says Mint Road best suited to perform that role.
I need advice for my sister.
She is physically challenged due to spinal muscular atrophy.
This has slowed down her leg and hand ...
Reading any statement – whether of a bank, a mutual fund or a unit-linked insurance plan (Ulip) – can be a nightmare. ...
Banks in Europe’s most indebted nations need to refinance $122 billion of bonds this year, likely paying high interest ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is looking at the possibility of appointing corporates and non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) ...
The rupee appreciated by 24 paise to 46.16 a $ in early trade on dollar sell-off by banks and exporters, and fresh foreign fund ...
Union Bank of India, the Mumbai-based public sector lender, plans to set up a banking subsidiary in Britain as part of plans to ...
Bank loans to the ‘sensitive sectors’ of real estate and capital markets rose in 2009-10 at the slowest pace in at ...
Housing finance company HDFC today said it expects a credit growth of 25 per cent in the current fiscal.
The Reserve Bank may go for further tightening of interest rates during this fiscal as part of efforts to tame inflationary ...
ICICI Bank today announced major changes in its management structure.
Sandeep Bakshi, deputy managing director (corporate ...
Private sector lender J&K Bank today reported a growth of 23 per cent in net profit at Rs 145.4 crore for the quarter ended ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today reported a decline in net profit for quarter ended June 30 to Rs 200.44 crore, as against Rs ...
Syndicate Bank, the Manipal-headquartered public sector lender, today said its net profit remained flat at Rs 265 crore for the ...
After a decline in profit for three successive quarters, state-owned Bank of India (BoI) has reported a 24 per cent increase in ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, reported a 5.4 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs ...
India's second-largest lender, ICICI Bank, today hiked deposit rates across various maturities by up to 0.75 per cent with ...
The Srinagar-based bank clocked a profit of Rs 118.1 crore in the year-ago period.
Public sector Dena Bank today said that it has lowered interest rates on its non-resident external (NRE) and foreign currency ...
Private sector lender City Union Bank reported first quarter net profit at Rs 44.4 crore, up 41 per cent from Rs 31.5 crore in ...
The bank has increased deposit rates by 0.25-1 per cent across maturities.
It has also upped the Benchmark Prime Lending Rates ...
In an indication that lending rates are set to go up, Punjab National Bank (PNB) today increased its benchmark prime lending rate ...
Federal Bank has earned a net profit of Rs 131.86 crore in the first quarter of the current financial year as against Rs 136.38 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday imposed a penalty of Rs 5 lakh each on ICICI Bank and Standard Chartered Bank for ...
V Vaidyanathan, managing director and chief executive officer of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, has resigned and will move to a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on banks for treating returns from liquid mutual fund (MF) investments as ...
Signaling easing of pressure on resources, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would discontinue the second liquidity ...
The battle for deposits looks set to intensify with Bank of Baroda, Kotak Mahindra and Syndicate Bank increasing interest rates ...
The four state-owned non-life insurance companies have agreed to restore the cashless mediclaim facility in another 30 days by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today partially discontinued special window to give extra cash to the banks, which was provided ...
The chief executive and managing director of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, V Vaidyanathan, today resigned from the company.
It had a net profit of Rs 40.06 crore during the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal, Karnataka Bank Ltd said in a ...
Country's foreign exchange reserves grew $1.037 billion to $282.9 billion for the week ended July 23, from $281.9 billion in the ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said that it will soon come out with draft norms that define ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today imposed a penalty of Rs 5 lakh on private sector lender ICICI Bank for violating Know-Your ...
Credit ratings agency Moody's today assigned a stable outlook rating to state sector lender IDBI Bank's US dollar denominated ...
A host of private and state-owned banks like Union Bank of India, Bank of India and Axis Bank are likely to up their deposit ...
This is the third time this year that SEC has slapped charges against a Wall Street major, mainly related to the financial ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said it would finalise guidelines for public offer by ...
The new rates would offer 7.50 per cent
interest on deposits between one year and 3 years against 7.25 per cent.
Senior citizens ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 7 paise to 46.60 a dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market today, largely ...
Central bank mandarins are almost always taciturn, mostly withdrawn, reticent, and at worst, measured with what they speak, as ...
After a marked fall in May, external commercial borrowing (ECB) picked up in June primarily due to demands by telecom companies.
In view of the high rates of interest charged by micro-finance institutions (MFIs), the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural ...
IDBI Bank Ltd was seeking to raise $500 million selling bonds overseas, said officials, who declined to be identified as ...
Muthoot Finance on Thursday said it had raised Rs 157 crore from private equity firms – Baring Private Equity Partners ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country’s second-largest public sector lender, will decide on raising deposit rates in the ...
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation (DHFL) reported a 64 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 51.24 crore for the quarter ended June ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has issued grievance redressal guidelines for insurance companies.
Bank of Maharashtra today reported a growth of 16.34 per cent in net profit of Rs 118.43 crore for the quarter ended June 30, ...
State-owned Andhra Bank posted a 25.04 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 320.4 crore for quarter ended June 30, compared with Rs ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce on Thursday reported 41 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 363 crore for the first quarter ...
State-run Central Bank of India on Thursday posted a 26 per cent jump in its net profit for the quarter ended June 30 to Rs 337 ...
Momentum expected to continue; Rs 2,000-crore bond issue on the cards.
Private sector lender Axis Bank is likely to raise deposit rates shortly, after Reserve Bank of India raised key rates yesterday. ...
Bank of Maharashtra today reported a growth of 16.34 per cent in net profit of Rs 118.43 crore for the quarter ended June 30, ...
State-run Central Bank of India today posted a 26 per cent jump in its net profit at Rs 337 crore for the quarter ended June 30, ...
Hyderabad-headquartered Andhra Bank has registered a net profit of Rs 320.41 crore for the first quarter of the 2010-11 fiscal, ...
It had posted a net profit of Rs 257.41 crore for the first quarter of the previous fiscal, Oriental Bank of Commerce said in ...
More easing expected next week as govt begins spending, says Subbarao.
SBI raises issue at post-policy meet with RBI.
ICICI Bank has joined the United Stock Exchange (USE) shareholder base by acquiring a 1.33 per cent stake.
The bank is a major ...
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company plans to raise around Rs 250 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) ...
Healthy growth in net interest income (NII) and fee income helped government-owned Corporation Bank report a 27.76 per cent ...
The banking sector in Karnataka has disbursed Rs 31,020 crore under priority sector during 2009-10 as against the projection of ...
The life insurance industry has gained from the uncertainty over regulation of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips), the ...
The entire undertaking of State Bank of Indore shall be transfered to and vested in State Bank of India from August 26, SBI ...
Credit growth of banks stood at 21.26 per cent during the one-year period ended July 16, up from 14.70 per cent a year ago, the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that it expects the tight money supply condition, created by the huge outgo towards ...
A day after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tightened the monetary policy, leading private sector lender HDFC Bank decided to raise ...
With economic recovery firmly under way, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has trained its guns on containing inflation and ...
Life insurance Corporation of India (LIC) opened its Customer Zone nicknamed as 'C-Zee' in the city on Saturday.
The customer ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said that its shareholders have approved the selling of 4.5 per cent stake to ...
The Dewan Housing Finance Corporation (DHFL) today reported an around 64 per cent rise in profit after tax (PAT) at Rs 51.24 ...
Leading bankers today ruled out any rise in the interest rate regime in the second quarter despite the increased pressure on the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will come up with a discussion paper on granting banking licence to private sector ...
Global financial major Deutsche Bank has reported a nine per cent growth in net profit at 1.2 billion euros ($1.55 billion) for ...
Swiss banking major UBS today posted a net profit of 2 billion Swiss francs for the quarter ended June on the back of an improved ...
The rupee rose on Tuesday, towards a more than 1-week high touched in the previous session, as mild gains in local shares and the ...
Reflecting the strong growth in demand for credit from the commercial sector, fund flow to the sector increased three-fold in the ...
Says days of easy liquidity are over.
Professional forecasters raised their growth estimate in the year to March 2011 to 8.4 per cent from the 8.2 per cent they had ...
The Reserve Bank of India today indicated that the trend of rising interest rates would continue until inflation and inflationary ...
Indiabulls Financial Services on Monday reported an 82.7 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 131.49 crore in the quarter ended ...
Public sector Dena Bank on Monday reported a 20.67 per cent increase in net profit for quarter ended June 30 to Rs 138.79 crore ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India on Monday posted a 36 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 601 crore in quarter ended ...
Along with Irda, will put their case before the parliamentary standing committee today.
State-owned IDBI Bank today said that it has received a capital infusion of Rs 3,119.04 crore from the government.
The rapid rise in housing prices could spike general price levels and pose a danger to financial stability, the Reserve Bank of ...
The grip of insurance giant Life Insurance Corporation's (LIC) on the market only got cemented this quarter further with the ...
The possibility of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) hiking key rates will lead to increase in lending rates, a Union Bank's ...
Hinting at a hike in its key rates tomorrow, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would continue exiting from its easy ...
State-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) is the second most productive lender among nationalised banks in terms of profit per employee ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to increase key policy rates by at least 25 basis points in its first quarterly review of the monetary ...
City-based Dena Bank today reported a net profit of Rs 138.79 crore, an increase of 20.66 per cent for the quarter ended June 30, ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today reported a growth of 36.01 per cent in net profit for the first quarter ended June ...
The Indian rupee gained 3 paise to 46.90 against the US dollar in early trade today on the Interbank Foreign Exchange, largely on ...
Chinese banks may struggle to recoup about 23 per cent of the $1.1 trillion they’ve lent to finance local government ...
RBI to issue discussion paper on new licence conditions this week.
Public-sector lender Indian Bank has reported a growth of 11 per cent at Rs 368.15 crore in net profit for the first quarter, ...
Manappuram General Finance and Leasing Ltd (MGFL), a Kerala-based non-banking finance company which mainly focuses on gold loans, ...
The RBI monetary policy review and Reliance results will set the tone for the Dalal Street this week, analysts said, while ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has set a target of Rs 5,250-crore business in its Orissa circle during the current financial year. ...
Indian Bank, the Chennai-based public sector bank, is planning to restructure its subsidiaries by bringing in strategic partners ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may increase its key rates for a fourth time this year to contain inflation and ensure the ...
Citigroup, Bank of America and 15 other bailed-out financial services companies overpaid their top executives by $1.6 billion ...
Mahindra Finance, the financial services arm of auto major Mahindra and Mahindra, today said it expects regulatory approval for ...
Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Life Insurance has tied up with a financial services distribution company NetAmbit.
Faced with the menace of double-digit headline inflation, the Reserve Bank is likely to increase key policy rates by at least 25 ...
Fears of another round of hikes in RBI's policy rates and rising borrowing costs have shaken the confidence of the industry, ...
Disagreeing with the Reserve Bank, interim pension watchdog PFRDA today said that the autonomy of the regulators will not be ...
Lower interest outflow helped Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) post a 53.50 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ...
Indian Bank on Friday reported an 11 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 368.15 crore for the first quarter ended June 30 ...
The total size of unregistered chit funds is almost Rs 30 lakh crore.
Public sector lender United Bank of India today reported a jump of 53.49 per cent in its net profit for the first quarter ended ...
It had a net profit of Rs 331.66 crore during the corresponding quarter of the last fiscal, Indian bank said in a filing to the ...
Ahead of Tuesday’s first quarter review of the Annual Policy Statement, the Reserve Bank of India governor today met ...
Sun Life Financial’s president, Jon Boscia, sees Asia as the growth opportunity over the next half century and expects it ...
Lower cost of funds and higher income gave a boost to both Allahabad Bank as well as UCO Bank in the quarter ended June.
Will deploy funds for global lending, to acquire targets abroad.
Prime minister helps rework June 18 ordinance on regulators’ committee.
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) posted an 82.55 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 201.24 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, ...
Punjab National Bank has set up a committee to evaluate the prospects of entering the life insurance business after its earlier ...
This was in contrast to Rs 178.85 crore during the corresponding quarter of the last fiscal, UCO Bank said in a filing to the ...
The bank had a net profit of Rs 302.8 crore during the same quarter a year ago.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday further relaxed norms governing external commercial borrowings (ECBs) for ...
Banks in India continue to witness good demand for loans on demand for funds for large scale investment in infrastructure ...
After much debate over the fate of its home finance subsidiary, IDBI Bank today decided to merge IDBI Homefinance Ltd with
Private-sector lender, ING Vysya Bank has posted 15 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 69. 1 crore in the first quarter ended ...
Bangalore-headquartered public sector Vijaya Bank has posted a 21 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 173 crore for the quarter ...
Sharp rise in net interest income, helped IDBI Bank to post 46 per cent rise in its net profit for first quarter ended June at Rs ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country’s second-largest public sector lender, on Thursday reported a 28.4 per cent rise in ...
Bank offloads around Rs 115 cr of NPA.
The state-run IDBI Bank today said it will merge its Pune-based wholly-owned home-loan subsidiary IDBI Homefinance with itself to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today reduced the duration of trading in the government securities market by half-an-hour. The ...
"We expect total business to cross Rs 75,000 crore in the fiscal," Federal Bank Managing Director M Venugopalan said ...
In a boost for the infrastructure sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed companies engaged in the roads, ports and ...
Union Bank of India Chairman and Managing Director M V Nair today said there is a strong possibility of the Reserve Bank of India ...
In the year-ago quarter, net profit was Rs 832 crore.
Government-owned United Bank of India (UBI) has paid Rs 53.29 crore as dividend for the year 2009-10 to the government of India, ...
Karur Vysya Bank Limited (KVB) registered a 20.09 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 84.48 crore for the first quarter ended ...
Credila Financial Services, the educational loan unit of Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), hopes to grow its loan ...
Bajaj Finserv posted a net profit of Rs 66 crore for the quarter ended June 30, a growth of 57.14 per cent, riding on the back of ...
Robust growth in advances and reduction in provisions have helped Kotak Mahindra Bank post a 27 per cent rise in its consolidated ...
Rides on healthy core income.
Senior official says the enhanced requirements may be rolled out in phases.
While India has in no way contributed to global financial imbalances, it has a huge stake in the process of unwinding of these ...
State-owned IDBI Bank will seek the approval of its shareholders for Rs 3,119.04-crore capital infusion by the government in its ...
Private sector lender YES Bank plans to raise Rs 1,500 crore of debt in the current fiscal, which will help the lender fuel its ...
SKS Microfinance’s initial public offering (IPO) of 16.8 million equity shares would open on July 28, company officials ...
Low claim ratio in the international market prompts move.
The government has proposed a new regulatory architecture for large financial institutions, by establishing “a college of ...
Food processing and agri-based companies seem to have caught the attention of private equity (PE) investors, if the recent ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty on Tuesday hinted the central bank might not hike the cash reserve ...
Private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) investment are projected to reach $17 billion (Rs 80,000 crore) in India this year, ...
Three-year horizon; sequel to Rs 1,350-cr investment in Tata Power.
HSBC and JPMorgan had acquired three per cent stake each in the Kerala-based Dhanlaxmi Bank by subscribing to its sale of shares ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank today said its board will meet tomorrow to consider government fund infusion to the tune of Rs ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory & Development Authority (PFRDA) has increased the allocation from the government’s pension ...
In a first of its kind, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has introduced a variable pay structure for the employees it plans to ...
The rupee fell the most in a month on concern that investors will cut holdings of emerging-market assets after the latest reports ...
L&T General Insurance, the wholly owned subsidiary of engineering major Larsen & Toubro limited (L&T), on Monday said ...
Say multiple supervision not in anyone’s interest.
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) has proposed a string of minimum requirements for agents, including a ...
State Bank of Mysore, the Bangalore-based public sector lender and affiliate of State Bank Group, has posted a net profit of Rs ...
The State Bank of Mysore (SBM) plans to expand its branch network in the rural and semi-urban areas in a big manner by opening ...
Lending rate may rise 100 basis points.
Ireland had its credit rating cut one level at Moody’s Investors Service, which cited a “significant loss of ...
Country's leading banks are lining up to fund the $2.3 billion acquisition of the Singapore-based hospital chain Parkway Holdings ...
The rupee dropped to fresh two-week lows in the afternoon session on Monday as demand for dollars from two large corporates, two ...
Joins RBI, Sebi in trying to protect autonomy of the regulators.
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has registered a drop in net profit in the first quarter 2010-11, earning Rs 149.8 crore as ...
As part of its expansion plan, Anil Ambani Group’s life insurance venture Reliance Life will add 3,000 sales managers to ...
Banks availed refinance to the tune of Rs 2,045 crore in April-June, according to NHB data.
Demand was much less in the same ...
The Canara Bank is looking to raise Rs 500-600 crore during the second quarter of the present fiscal to augment its capital ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank has advanced Rs 40,173 crore to infrastructure sector, showing a growth of a ...
Meet end-July to agree more details, RBI keen on comprehensive package.
With many life insurers not able to retain customers due to mis-selling, the regulator Irda has proposed that licence of an agent ...
On July 2, the Reserve Bank had hiked both the short-term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points each to contain ...
Ahead of the monetary review, industry chamber Assocham today asked the RBI to make changes in the base rate mechanism to provide ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender, Canara Bank, today reported a whopping 82.5 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit at Rs ...
State-owned Canara Bank today reported a 82.48 per cent jump in net profit for the first quarter ended June 30 at Rs 1,013.37 ...
Goldman Sachs’ $550 million settlement with US regulators yesterday will benefit the firm by ending three months of ...
RBI, however, didn’t extend the facility under which banks could borrow against 0.5 per cent of their holdings of statutory ...
Exim Bank is looking to develop an alternative finance instrument for importers.
The bank is working on a partially structured ...
Private sector banks have stolen a march over the public sector banks in the disbursals of loans in the agriculture and allied ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose to $279.422 billion for the week ended July 9, up by around $1.16 billion over the ...
Exim Bank, which provides finance facilities to exporters and importers, is collaborating with Export Credit Guarantee ...
After months of scrutiny and scanning over 3,000 entries, the government today approved the symbol of the Indian currency which ...
One of the frontrunning public sector banks of India, Punjab National Bank (PNB) is projected to have a business of Rs 10 lakh ...
The Haryana government today selected Ambala Block-II for insurance of the paddy crop under its Crop Insurance Scheme.
Total deposits grew 34 per cent to Rs 147,479 crore.
Lose out to private banks in bill discounting.
Government-owned Central Bank of India (CBI) is looking to expand overseas and plans to seek licences for opening offices in Hong ...
The Cabinet on Thursday cleared the merger of State Bank of Indore with its parent State Bank of India (SBI), a move that would ...
Ratnakar Bank may plan a rights issue of shares within a year to fund its expansion and seek to list its shares within four ...
LIC Housing Finance on Thursday reported a 71 per cent increase in net profit during the first quarter ended June to Rs 212 ...
Nearly 10 banks, mostly in the public sector, are likely to pick up stake in the proposed Central Electronic Registry, a company ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said that it would slap fine on subsidiary general ledger (SGL) account holders, if they ...
You might have to shell out 50 per cent extra premium to get treatment at the country’s high-end hospitals.
Private lender Dhanalakshmi Bank today said its shareholders have passed a special resolution to rechristen the bank as ...
Amid the debate over their ownerships, the government has said ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank would not suffer any handicap due to ...
The government has assured private sector lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank that they will not be discriminated against vis-a-vis ...
Decks have been cleared for the merger of State Bank of Indore with its parent State Bank of India, with the Cabinet approving ...
The Indian rupee weakened by 4 paise to 46.73 a dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange today on increased demand ...
Villages across Uttar Pradesh have a reason to cheer.
The state’s financial inclusion road map is being readied, allowing ...
The Indian investments of one of the most high-profile of Asian real estate private equity funds, the $2.68 billion Asian Real ...
I am going to shift from Mumbai to Delhi.
For this, I have taken a transit insurance for furniture and other items.
The promoters of HDFC Standard Life, the joint venture between HDFC and UK-based Standard Life, will invest Rs 300-350 crore in ...
Home loan borrowers have something to cheer in the era of rising interest rates.
Housing Finance Development Corporation (HDFC), the country’s largest mortgage lender, has posted a 23 per cent increase in ...
ICICI Bank’s plan to sell its 19.49 per cent stake in business process outsourcing company Firstsource is facing a road ...
Company to apply for infra NBFC status so that it can float infrastructure bonds.
Private sector financial players ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, who are classified as foreign-owned entities, are on the same footing ...
The Cabinet is likely to take up the proposal to merge State Bank of Indore with the parent State Bank of India (SBI) tomorrow.
The housing lender had a net profit of Rs 564.92 crore in the June quarter of the previous fiscal, HDFC said in a filing to the ...
Public sector lender UCO Bank will finalise its proposed follow-on offer after fund infusion of nearly Rs 375 crore from the ...
To ensure that customers get wider access through cashless facility, industry bodies like Confederation of Indian Industries ...
Ten-year bonds slipped on concern investors will refrain from adding to their positions before data tomorrow that economists ...
India’s actual outward foreign direct investment (FDI) in joint ventures and subsidiaries was down by 36.7 per cent to ...
Banks told to prepare a plan for agri, MSME and export sectors.
Banks operating in the state- public sector banks, private banks, cooperative banks as well as regional rural banks (RRBs)- have ...
The value of private equity (PE) backed deals globally stood at $43.3 billion in the April-June quarter of 2010 (calendar year), ...
Falling equity returns and rising land prices make sector attractive.
BoB also handed over an amount of Rs 294 crore as dividend to the government of India.
The All-India Punjab National Bank's Officers' Association (AIPNBOA) today said that PNB was facing a shortage of 15,000 ...
Private sector lender YES Bank and Poalim Capital Markets, a leading Israeli investment bank and a part of Bank Hapoalim B.M, ...
India's largest bank, the State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to revive its village adoption scheme under corporate social ...
The rupee eased on Tuesday in line with a fall in local equities and the dollar's strength versus the euro overseas underpinning ...
The implementation of the 'Financial Inclusion Plan' in Orissa for villages with a population of over 2000 (2001 Census) appears ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) would promote the System of Rice Intensification (Sri) in the ...
Want 3G loans to be treated as secured assets; liquidity seen back by month-end.
FinMin may provide Rs 1,900 cr in supplementary demand for grants for this.
Mumbai-based public sector lender Union Bank of India has put its non-performing assets, worth Rs 500 crore (principal value of ...
Ambit Capital, the private-wealth arm of financial services company Ambit Holdings, was looking at a 10-fold growth in asset ...
Move comes after infra NBFCs allowed to do so.
Insurance regulator Irda today said Ulip-holders will have to pay up to Rs 6,000 if they want to discontinue a policy within the ...
Concerned over dilution of its role in dealing with inter-regulatory disputes, Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) Governor D Subbarao ...
Bankers today informed the Reserve Bank (RBI) that they are confident of achieving 20 per cent credit growth this fiscal, on the ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to announce a sunset clause with a deadline of June 30, 2011, for all loans in the erstwhile benchmark ...
Leading public sector bank Canara Bank today denied that it was planning to sell its stake in housing finance subsidiary Canfin ...
Pilgrims visiting Puri during the famed Ratra Yatra festival will have their lives insured against accidental death and ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the nation’s largest lender, has got an extension up to September 2011 for increasing its ...
Four employees of Punjab National Bank (PNB) were suspended in Dehra Dun, following a CBI probe that found they were lending bank ...
The sectoral regulator Irda today said it had finalised the IPO guidelines for insurance companies and referred them to the ...
The interest rates in the inter-bank overnight lending market are likely to remain steady, on persistent strain on liquidity in ...
Spurt in unsecured advances due to 3G debt.
Top executives of public and private sector banks will meet Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn tomorrow as ...
The sectoral regulator Irda today said it has finalised the IPO guidelines for insurance companies and has referred the same to ...
His earlier stints at Nestle and PepsiCo were all about increasing these companies' share of "stomach," but now, for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to allow trading of currency options on bourses within a week, according to a senior ...
The government today allowed Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and a few other finance companies to issue tax-free ...
In another move to nudge banks into becoming more customer-friendly, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked them to reduce the ...
Reliance Life Insurance Company (RLIC) plans to double its market share in the entire life insurance business to 10 per cent from ...
Post merger of State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) with the State Bank of India (SBI), the latter now aims to consolidate on its ...
Indiabulls Financial Services today launched a 8.25 per cent teaser rate home loan, a week after rivals HDFC and SBI extended ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today warned banks and financial institutions to strictly follow its guidelines on credit cards ...
The Indian rupee gained 12 paise to 46.74 against the US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today, supported ...
Over two million customers of ICICIdirect, the retail online broking arm of ICICI Securities, had a tough time, as its trading ...
In what would lead to easy access of fund for L&T Infrastructure Finance Company (L&T Infra), a subsidiary of Larsen ...
Bank looking to sell all its 4,200 ATMs to third-party service providers.
Other downstream investment by Indian-owned foreign banks to be treated as FDI.
Temasek Holdings will invest aggressively in sectors linked to India’s domestic growth.
The company is eyeing ...
Pressure from restructured loans to continue; higher trading profits possible.
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) may review returns that insurance companies must guarantee on pension ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakraborty said here today that the apex bank will offer its assessment of ...
financial strength.
State-run IDBI Bank today said R M Malla has been appointed as the Chairman and Managing Director of the bank for a period of ...
Bank of America-Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) aims to double revenues in the next three to four years, leveraging from the integration ...
India needs a “contingency plan” by September to control inflation as prices are showing few signs of easing, the ...
To request Irda to postpone the September 1 deadline to meet the new norms.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has urged Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee to allow the Securities and Insurance Laws (Amendment ...
Religare Enterprises (REL) on Wednesday said it had inducted two global financial sector experts on its board as independent ...
Banks may now find it easier to identify fraudsters while entering into businesses tied with new clients.
Credit Information ...
Mahindra Finance is banking on the M&M Navistar line of trucks to drive its fledgling heavy commercial vehicles (CV) ...
Helped by foreign funds’ eagerness to invest in India.
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) today extended the special interest rates for Home and car loans.
The Rajasthan High Court today issued notices to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Bank of Rajasthan (BoR), ICICI Bank and others ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has launched an initiative for augmenting institutional credit ...
NHB to start the exercise for a smooth transition.
Investors preferred to purchase commercial papers (CPs) on Tuesday due to the higher rates and shorter-tenure of these papers, ...
The Justice Department is conducting a criminal investigation of HSBC Holdings clients who may have failed to disclose accounts ...
RBI wants customers to inform it if any bank is lending below the base rate.
The new loan pricing regime or the base rate
...
The increase has ensured that short-term rates go up, thus ruling out any possibility of lending below the base rate, which is in ...
The central bank is expected to raise key rates by 25 basis points.
PE players, advisory firms say the second half will see the same level of activity.
Polaris Software Lab Ltd today informed BSE it had bagged a project from Andhra Pradesh State Cooperative Bank Ltd to implement ...
The cost of insuring sovereign debt against default climbed 30 per cent on average last quarter amid Europe’s escalating ...
Zero cost of pursuing such products makes for an easier option.
Economists expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to hike its key short-term lending and borrowing rates on July 27 to tame ...
Trying to cash in on the high prices of precious metals, state-run Punjab & Sind Bank today said it will soon start selling ...
Plan to look for alternative sources for funds before raising rates.
All India Regional Rural Bank Employees Association (AIRRBEA), the representative body of the officers and employees of the ...
With an aim to provide banking services in those tribal and remote areas of the country which are still deprived of banking ...
Primary issuances fell on Monday due to lack of market participation as the left parties and Bharatiya Janata Party called a ...
The largest deal during the period was Bharti Airtel’s acquisition of Kuwait-based Zain’s African assets in a deal ...
An extension of the debt relief scheme, announced by Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee during the Union Budget 2010-11, has ...
Credit ratings agency Moody’s on Monday said the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) recent move to hike short-term ...
Public sector lender Andhra Bank expects to start its banking subsidiary in Malaysia in the next three months.
The jump in the premium collection will be driven primarily by eight new insurance products, which the company plans to roll out ...
Shares of banks erased initial losses following the 25 basis points increase in the repo and reverse repo rates by the Reserve ...
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today said that its private equity arm will set up an infrastructure fund.
Lloyds Banking Group plc will sell a portfolio of 40 private equity investments to a new joint venture, a deal that would fetch ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today described RBI’s move to increase the short-term lending and borrowing rates to ...
The monetary authority and the government might have different views on balancing growth and inflation, but in the long term, ...
German insurer Ergo is another player looking for a partner.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will come up with a discussion paper on granting new banking licences by the end of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said managing prices is its main priority and Friday's decision to raise key short-term ...
ICICI Bank today said the new base rate regime, which has come into effect from July 1, will not impact the interest liability of ...
The country's largest insurance company, LIC, plans to recruit around 10,000 employees in the current fiscal to give a push to ...
Banks withdrew Rs 14,814 crore from mutual funds (MFs) during the fortnight ended June 18, partly due to demand from telecom ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unhappy that banks have extended teaser rate schemes to grab a larger pie of the home loan ...
Will pay premium of up to $95 million for RBS’ retail, commercial businesses in the country.
State Bank of India (SBI) has launched ‘Green Channel Counter’ facility at four branches in Lucknow.
Lending rates may not rise immediately: Bankers.
State Bank of India North-East circle has launched an ambitious programme of appointing 3,000 customer service points (CSP) of ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) move to raise key policy rates may cheer depositors.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would further raise key rates if inflation continued to rise, RBI Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty ...
Days after State Bank of India extended its teaser home loan scheme, the country’s largest mortgage financier, Housing ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) should get freedom to decide the pay structure of their employees, according to a government panel ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed a cap on annual salary increments of chief executive officers and whole-time ...
Country's foreign exchange reserves continued their rise for the third consecutive week, backed by a healthy increase in the ...
On the heels of the market leader State Bank of India (SBI) extending its concessional home-loan rates, the mortgage leader HDFC ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today raised key short-term policy rates by 25 basis points, in an unscheduled announcement, to ...
Credit rating agency Crisil has upgraded to 'stable' from 'negative', debt instruments of ICICI Bank, reflecting an improvement ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank today said it has raised Rs 500 crore through issue of bonds on a private placement basis as ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) will promote organic farming in Kerala through an integrated ...
The country’s second largest private sector lender, HDFC Bank, plans to capitalise on its acquisition of Centurion Bank of ...
The life insurance industry is likely to see a significant drop in new business premium collection following new regulations on ...
Tata Capital, the private equity and financial services arm of the Tata group, is looking at over Rs 600 crore investments for ...
The base rate regime, which became operational yesterday, will spur competition among banks but is unlikely to impact their ...
Banks’ annual performance and their lending to infrastructure will also be discussed widely in the meeting.
Issuances of short-term money market instruments fell today because banks were not keen on raising funds at the start of the ...
Though deregulation of petrol prices has cheered oil marketing companies (OMCs), the base rate regime that banks are shifting to ...
Foreign lenders have opted to set their base rates at least 50-100 basis points (bps) lower than their domestic counterparts.
A calibrated exit from stimulus packages will be one of the key challenges for governments, including India’s, as the world ...
The announcement of base rates by public sector banks has thrown up a few surprises.
The development finance institution had registered a net profit of Rs 299 crore in the previous fiscal.
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) report today made a strong case for coordination among the major central banks globally while ...
Vijaya Bank has set its minimum lending rate at 8.25 per cent.
Banks will not lend below the minimum or base interest rate from today as directed by RBI, but may continue to give cheaper ...
State Bank of India (SBI) on Wednesday extended its eight per cent concessional home loan scheme for another three months till ...
The Sundaram Finance (SFL) board has decided in principle to acquire 49.4 per cent stake from BNP Paribas Asset Management in ...
Commercial papers, the money market instruments to raise funds of less than a year, are set to gain popularity with banks ...
With the base rate regime kicking off from tomorrow, banks are looking at allowing customers to switch to this new loan pricing ...
Rs 1,366-crore sale will help the bank meet new promoter shareholding norm.
Munich Re’s primary insurance unit, Ergo Versicherungsgruppe, will exceed a premium forecast for its international business ...
Private sector lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank has decided to float a subsidiary company for undertaking housing finance business.
Leading private sector banks have more or less matched state-run banks in fixing their base rates, with ICICI Bank and Axis Bank ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender, Vijaya Bank today announced that its base rate would be between 8 per cent and 8.5 per ...
The decision was taken at the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) chaired by CMD R M Malla.
Taking a step towards paperless 'Green Banking' for deposit, withdrawal and remittance transactions, State Bank of India (SBI), ...
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today pegged its minimum lending rate at 7.5 per cent, the same as State Bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to provide more loans to micro and small units so that credit to them grows by 20 ...
State Bank of India today extended its 8 per cent concessional home loan scheme for another three months till September, which is ...
Private sector Lakshmi Vilas Bank today said it plans to float a housing finance subsidiary and also to raise around Rs 400 crore ...
A government-appointed panel today called for according the coveted Maharatna status to the nation's largest lender State Bank of ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank today fixed the minimum lending rate at 7.25 per cent, 25 basis points lower than market leader ...
Japan's Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation today announced that it would invest Rs 1,366 crore for a 4.5 per cent stake in ...
Banking major Standard Chartered Bank today said that it will invest $500 million in an initial public offering launched by the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) directive to banks, asking them not to honour cheques with overwriting, will come into effect ...
Founded two years after Mao Zedong's communist revolution, Agricultural Bank of China was created to lend money to the country's ...
Government-owned IDBI Bank today announced its base rate at 8 per cent, below which it will not lend from tomorrow.
United Kingdom-based Eredene Capital, which has a $100 million (Rs 460 crore) infrastructure fund in India, is planning to ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) has raised Rs 2,654 crore by a qualified institutional placement (QIP), ...
Sweeteners, liquidity buffers dangled to get over uncertainty.
The recent changes made to unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) are going to pinch the agents that sell these insurance products ...
Plan to tell Irda its new rule of a 4.5% guaranteed return isn’t practical.
Ameeting of banks in the state today formally approved a credit plan for the year at Rs 27,400 crore.
Issuances of short term papers declined today as mutual funds, the major investors in such papers, stayed on the sidelines due to ...
Rising food prices have been a concern for the last few months, but the response to food inflation is beyond the monetary policy, ...
Four state-owned banks also announce rates; all eyes on private banks now.
Recommendations to be submitted to the Reserve Bank of India for approval.
State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India will close one of its most attractive unit-linked pension plans- Market ...
United Arab Emirates’ (UAE’s) banks may need to set aside as much as 20 per cent of their loans to state-owned Dubai ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda)’s guidelines on unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) could make ...
Private sector lender City Union Bank today said it will raise Rs 300 crore through a share sale.
Containing high food prices is a dominant policy concern, the Reserve Bank said today, amid expectations that it may raise ...
Country's largest public sector lender State Bank of India today fixed its benchmark lending rate at 7.5 per cent following a ...
Leverage is back on Wall Street — and this time it’s the bankers who have it.
Firms are adding jobs for the first ...
Aegon Religare Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Netherlands-based Aegon and India’s Religare Enterprises, eyes ...
Guarantee returns for pension plans, cut front-loading of costs, increase risk cover.
Fresh norms introduce definitive changes in Ulips; more could have been done on cost.
ICICI Bank on Monday said it would announce its base rate on June 30.
The bank also recommended a dividend of 120 per cent at its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may wait for a few weeks before raising policy rates to contain inflation in view of tight ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) fell on Monday because investors preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the tight ...
Following Insurance Regulatory Development Authority's move to allow insurance companies to offer “Health plus Life” ...
It will be 8 per cent or less, says Bhatt.
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) on Monday got shareholders’ approval to raise Rs 3,500 crore.
The company ...
Preliminary report to come in three months.
Prospective buyers might grumble about skyrocketing gold prices, but the recent run-up in bullion has one group of unexpected ...
State-owned Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will pump in more than Rs 20,000 crore in the equity market this fiscal on ...
ICICI Bank plans to announce its base rate on June 30, a top bank official said today.
The regulator increased the lock-in period for such products from the existing three years
to five years.
Private lender ICICI Bank today said that Rajiv Sabharwal has been appointed as its Executive Director.
Just a few days before the new loan pricing regime begins on July 1, the government has asked all public sector banks to quantify ...
The liquidity in the system is expected to remain under pressure on outgo of funds for payment of broadband spectrum fees and ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) is likely to fix its base rate--the new lending benchmark banks will follow ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) has forwarded an application for merger with ICICI Bank to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) -- a move that ...
Misdeeds in the past can make the future tough for investment bankers seeking to advise clients on public offers, as market ...
General insurers grew around 19 per cent by collecting Rs 7,392 crore premium in the first two months of the current fiscal, as ...
State-owned Indian Bank today said that it will raise Rs 500 crore through bonds during the first week of next month to fund ...
The government would decide the second installment of financial assistance after going through Q2 (July-September) financial ...
Efforts to step up financial inclusion, statewise credit flow to agri sector and progress of Centrally sponsored schemes are ...
Chinese central banker Yi Gang said the nation’s monetary policies were flexible and could be either tightened or loosened.
Non-life insurers’ premium grew 19 per cent to Rs 7,392 crore in the first two months of the current financial year, as ...
The increase in fuel prices today may not be a strong reason for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to increase rates to contain ...
The yield on government bonds climbed on higher-than-expected rise in prices of oil products and higher cut-off for the ...
The sharp increase of 36 per cent could be achieved largely due to better performance of the lead banks like State Bank of India ...
Congressional negotiators today approved the most sweeping overhaul of US financial regulation since the Great Depression, ...
Singapore Mercantile Exchange (SMX) today announced the appointment of London-listed FFastFill plc to provide connectivity to the ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 282.82 crore this year with loan assistance to ...
The company, a 74:26 joint venture between Bharati Group and the French multinational insurer AXA Group, posted a turnover of ...
Against minimum 5 per cent annual stake sale, want more flexibility.
ING Bank NV today sold its entire stake of 3.07 per cent in Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd, valued at about Rs 801 crore, according to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may raise key repo and reverse repo rates in the first half of July to contain inflation, four of ...
Reflecting tight cash conditions, net borrowing by banks at the Reserve Bank of India’s liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) ...
Some liquidity is expected to come back by the second week of July.
Capping a week of high drama, the board of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) has decided to send the application for merger with ICICI Bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said that loans for which banks avail of subvention from the government will be out of the ...
Compensation for the shareholders of the erstwhile Nedungadi Bank will be paid only after completing the due diligence process ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) will enhance its total business in Kerala to over Rs 5,000 crore in the current financial year, from ...
The committee members asked if SBI was waiting for private sector banks to announce their rates before it takes a call on the ...
City Union Bank Ltd is planning to seek the approval of its Board of Directors for a proposal to raise around Rs 250-300 crore by ...
Aegon Religare Life Insurance (ARLI) has chalked out an aggressive business plan this fiscal, besides increasing its topline ...
A plus on current rules, but there will be restrictions - and downsides.
HDFC ERGO General Insurance, which expects to chart 35 per cent growth in premium collections in 2010-11, aims to achieve ...
The Dutch financial services major ING today exited private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank by selling its entire stake in a ...
The uncertainty over the validity of the voting conducted by shareholders of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) on its proposed merger with ...
French insurance major Axa will sell some of its British businesses to English firm Resolution in a 2.75 billion pounds deal.
The All India Regional Rural Bank Employees Association (AIRRBEA) has urged the finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to give more ...
Followed by private limited companies, partnership firms.
Baring Private Equity Partners India, an India-focused fund, is understood to be close to investing Rs 370 crore in Oriental ...
The BP Plc oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico will push up the price of insurance on offshore drilling, said Lloyd’s of London ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed companies to issue zero-coupon non-convertible debentures (NCD) at a discount to the ...
To discuss how to take forward merger with ICICI Bank.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is all set to open specialised branches for advancing its customer base across the Indo-Gangetic
Even as the government is ready with the broad contours of an auction mechanism for external commercial borrowings (ECB), the ...
Rising incidents of kidnappings have forced companies to buy kidnap and ransom cover for their employees.
Insurance executives ...
City-based microfinance institution Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance Limited (BFSL), part of the Basix group, is looking at raising Rs ...
Amid the continuing uncertainty over the validity of voting conducted by the Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) shareholders on Monday, the ...
The life insurance industry recorded a 45 per cent growth in new business premium income collected in the months of April and ...
The Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) has turned down a demand from a company related to the Tayal family, which is the bank’s key ...
ICICI Bank says merger resolution passed by a majority.
Centum Learning, a Bharti associate company, on Tuesday raised Rs 40 crore from the Mayfield India Fund.
This is Mayfield’s ...
Less than 10 days from on Tuesday, there could be a paradigm shift on how loans will be priced.
Yet, not a single bank has ...
Rating agency Crisil expects public sector banks (PSBs) to stay adequately capitalised, as the government has started infusing ...
Deal size Rs 981 crore; Rabobank seeks nod for setting up a bank in India
.
Global interest expected with more than one buyer likely.
State Bank of India (SBI) is understood to be raising $1 billion (about Rs 4,500 crore) from overseas markets through bonds, for ...
Clearing the decks, ICICI Bank's general body has approved acquisition of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR), which is awaiting a legal ...
Insurance regulator IRDA, which has won its turf war with market watchdog Sebi over regulation of Ulips, is expected to tighten ...
Amid uncertainty about the validity of voting conducted by Bank of Rajasthan shareholders yesterday, the bank today said it has ...
Shares of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) climbed as much as 2.5 per cent in the morning trade on the BSE today, after shareholders of ...
Investors need not worry about the immediate volatility in the exchange value of rupee vis-a-vis US dollar in the wake of China ...
As the row over investment-cum-insurance product came to an end, life insurers got another big relief on pension plans, which now ...
It was a day of drama for Bank of Rajasthan (BoR). The bank first cancelled an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) in Mumbai, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a monetary penalty of Rs 500,000 on the Postal and RMS employees Cooperative Bank Ltd ...
Noting that some financial institutions were allegedly flouting its norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed banks ...
Most bankers have indicated that they will keep their base rate between 8 per cent and 8.5 per cent, up to 5 percentage points ...
Mumbai and Delhi together account for about 45 per cent of the total equity mutual fund assets under management, a report ...
Amid high drama, Bank of Rajasthan shareholders today voted on a merger deal with ICICI Bank, which got a stay vacated on BoR's ...
In an unusual development, Bank of Rajasthan's management today called off an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) to discuss ...
Oil prices rallied in Asian trade today on expectations of higher demand from Chinese consumers after China's central bank said ...
Finance ministry asks Irda to make this and other changes while clearing these products.
Choosing to play safe, given the volatility in the equity markets, life insurance companies increased their net investment in ...
NRI businessman Surachan Chawla — the single largest shareholder in Kerala-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) — has ...
Banks ask regulator to create awareness for ‘base plus’ regime.
Although the uncertainty over regulation of the Unit-Linked Insurance Products (Ulips) has been settled, investors in these ...
Bank depositors are likely to benefit from deregulation of the interest rate on savings accounts, an idea mooted by the Reserve ...
Although the uncertainty over regulation of unit-linked insurance products (Ulips) has been settled, investors in these schemes ...
NRI businessman Surachan Chawla -- the single largest shareholder in Kerala-based Catholic Syrian Bank -- has approached the ...
Several European banks, including those in Greece, are in bad financial health and may have to be bailed out by their respective ...
Govt settles issue by issuing ordinance.
Insurers may be allowed to invest in the proposed bonds of the India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) for refinancing ...
Technology cannot substitute brick and mortar branches and absence of the human touch can be intimidating, the Reserve Bank of ...
To meet the demand for credit from telecom companies to pay for third-generation licences, banks withdraw Rs 59,594 crore from ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today said inflation was getting more broad-based as demand-side pressures rose.
Corporation Bank has announced 7.25 per cent interest per annum for a 1000 days fixed deposit.
The deposit
scheme, which gives an ...
Deal expected to be finalised by next month.
State-run Corporation Bank today said its base rate is likely to be fixed between 8.25-8.5 per cent and that it will announce the ...
State-owned Central Bank of India today said that it would come out with a rights issue in the next few months to raise Rs 2,500 ...
In sweeping changes to financial regulation since then, the watchdog will be wound down and replaced by three bodies over the ...
Rangarajan urges it to act on inflation.
High growth, low valuations will help deliver better returns than larger peers.
Some basics to avoid trouble with car insurers due to laxity or silly mistakes.
All financial intermediaries, including banks and stocks brokers, will have to maintain specific information about their ...
Shares of ICICI Bank Ltd, India’s second-biggest bank, dropped around noon on rumours that the bank faced a lawsuit in the ...
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) would pick up 64 per cent stake in JSC Dana Bank in Kazakhstan, according to ...
The general insurance council will meet the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) officials on June 23 to seek a withdrawal of a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all banks to go back to their boards and re-work their plans on financial inclusion.
Shriram Transport Finance Corporation (STFC) is planning to raise Rs 500 crore through retail non-convertible debentures (NCDs). ...
The country’s second-largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB), is on an international expansion spree to ...
You just need to SMS ‘Unhappy’; state HQ does the rest.
It’s now an ISB case study.
Dhanlaxmi Bank, one of the smallest private sector ones, has appointed IDFC-SSKI Securities and JM Financial Services as advisors ...
Shriram Group, a Chennai-based diversified group, is planning to start general insurance operations in South-Asian countries.
The ...
The repurchase will be funded from the current account surplus of the government.
Public sector lender Andhra Bank on Wednesday said its retail loan-book would grow by around 45-50 per cent in 2010-11 on the ...
Housing finance companies (HFCs) grew their mortgage portfolios at a faster rate than banks in the year up to March 31, thereby ...
According to the data released by the Life Insurance Council, the representative body of life insurance companies, the total ...
Also wants the EEE model to be applied to pure insurance products.
You need not shell out the big bucks to be pampered.
Buy a health cover and enjoy luxury treatment at a spa, join a gymnasium or ...
There is good news for investors looking at unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips). The Insurance Regulatory & Development ...
According to the latest data by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), bank credit grew by 19.12 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, plans to offer wealth management services to its affluent clients, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today set up a committee under the chairmanship of former Sebi chairman M Damodaran to suggest ...
Credit growth of banks stood at 19 per cent during the one-year period ending June 4, up from 15.10 per cent a year ago, the ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) today said it will sell off its Pakistan unit to Faysal Bank for euro 41 million, as part of ...
Public sector lender Andhra Bank today said its retail loan book would grow by around 45-50 per cent this fiscal on the back of a ...
The life insurance industry witnessed a steady growth in 2009-10 financial year, with an 18 per cent increase in total premium ...
A British regulatory body has launched a probe into global consultancy Ernst and Young's audit of the Lehman Brothers' financial ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank today said it plans to implement the financial inclusion programme in 5,563 villages in 19 ...
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which carried out central-bank rescues of money markets and Wall Street firms, is poised to ...
Insurance firms and non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are heaving a sigh of relief as the revised draft of the Direct Taxes ...
Shriram Transport Finance Company’s (STFC’s) new equipment finance subsidiary, Shriram Equipment Finance Company, ...
Will be forced to pass on higher rates if banks’ base rate is set close to 8.5%.
After a 73 per cent drop in 2009, private equity (PE) investments in the country’s power sector have started picking up. ...
Low delinquency rates, huge demand attract investors to the unique gold financing sector.
Issuances of short-term money market instruments continued to remain thin because investors preferred to stay on the sidelines ...
The global financial crisis that started in the later part of 2008 following the collapse of the Wall Street investment bank ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday discussed steps to deal with the current cash crunch in the system.
Morgan Stanley plans to increase the number of private bankers in India by 50 per cent within a year, Amitava Neogi, executive ...
Deputy governor does not rule out rate change before policy review.
The nation's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has made a lower advance tax payment this quarter compared to the year-ago ...
The only unlisted state-run lender Punjab & Sind Bank today said it is likely to come out with an initial public offer next ...
Global financial services company, Citi, today said it has appointed Rahul Shukla as head of Corporate Banking in India.
Citigroup has said that it will sell its nearly $2-billion Canadian MasterCard business to credit card issuer Canadian Imperial ...
European banks at risk of writedowns from the sovereign debt crisis face a funding squeeze that may depress earnings, curb ...
At least four large public sector banks expect to set their base rates between 7.5 per cent and 8.5 per cent, the range indicated ...
Fitch Ratings today raised India’s local currency outlook to ‘stable’ from ‘negative’, forecasting ...
Despite quite a few catastrophes, reinsurance rates in the Indian market have remained stable.
In contrast, global rates have ...
Some of the large government banks are expected to announce their base rate this week.
Opinion divided, but other sources of finance may also become dearer.
Rupee rose the most in two weeks on speculation RBI would raise borrowing costs for a third time this year to curb inflation, ...
Even as India’s annual inflation rate touched 10.16 per cent in May, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today ruled out the ...
Loan defaulters will now find it difficult to rid themselves of all their liabilities through the one-time settlement (OTS) ...
PMO’s objection results in candidates needing 18 months of residual service.
To ensure bank credit for housing in rural Madhya Pradesh, the state government has planned to provide title deed to house owners ...
The State Building and other Construction Workers Welfare Board has decided to introduce a new pension scheme that envisages ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said that introduction of the new regime of base rate -- a benchmark rate below which banks ...
Public sector lender Vijaya Bank today said it has received Rs 700 crore from the government as part of the package to shore up ...
Private sector Dhanalaxmi Bank today said it has entered into an alliance with HDFC Mutual Fund for distributing the latter's ...
State-owned UCO Bank today said it plans to come out with a follow-on public offer in July to raise around Rs 500 crore.
As a part of its endeavour to educate the rural people on various banking services, Andhra Bank has proposed to set up a ...
Private sector lender YES Bank says it will prefer multiple investors to replace Rabobank, which holds a 15.9 per cent stake in ...
Foreign partners may have to dilute their stake in insurance joint ventures (JVs) on listing to abide by the government diktat ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked troubled lender Bank of Rajasthan — set to be acquired by ICICI Bank — to ...
The government today approved infusion of Rs 6,211 crore in five public sector banks — Bank of Maharashtra, Central Bank, ...
India will remain a focus area for multilateral lending institutions — like Asian Development Bank (ADB) and International ...
India is likely to see more capital inflows as investors may find the Indian market an attractive destination, especially in the ...
Thrissur-based Dhanlaxmi Bank will enhance the number of employees to 3,800 during the current financial year.
“Just between us,” it may be “stupid” to use certain words in email to “discuss” the ...
A sharp rise in industrial output may prompt the central bank to raise interest rates after it gets a clearer assessment of ...
The Indian depository receipts (IDRs) of Standard Chartered Plc, the UK-based bank that gets most of its earnings from Asia, the ...
Bankers say liquidity will start easing by mid-July.
Morgan Stanley Asia has informed the Singapore Stock Exchange that one of its UK-based associates, Front Point Management, has ...
The Finance Ministry is likely to recommend freezing and closure of bank accounts found suspicious during the ongoing exercise by ...
Moving beyond the realm of collating credit information for banks, Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited, (Cibil) is looking ...
Plan panel wants insurers to put in Rs 25,000 cr in infrastructure over the next 5 yrs.
The government is due to borrow Rs 11,000 crore next week
.
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank is planning to strengthen its merchant banking arm, AllBank Finance Ltd, by expanding to ...
The country’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank plans to increase its presence in rural and semi-urban areas.
India story, pressure to invest are driving spurt in PE activity.
American International Group may still receive $35.5 billion for an Asia division after a purchase agreement with Prudential ...
Bengal Chamber of Commerce & Industry is organising Outreach 2010, a forum organised by its finance, banking and insurance ...
The ongoing turbulence in the Eurozone can lead to a second banking crisis due to the weakness in the financial sector of Europe ...
Has already raised 25 bps on loans that are coming up for revision.
Bank employees are planning for a nationwide strike to protest the proposed takeover of Bank of Rajasthan by ICICI Bank, said ...
The insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) has banned over 4,261 corporate agents out of the total 7,000 in the ...
Reserve Bank of India has revised the norms for urban cooperative banks for giving loans to the housing and real estate (RE) ...
The board of Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) on Wednesday approved a proposal to rework its initial public offer (IPO) plan in line ...
With Fortis Healthcare getting ready to raise a war chest of over Rs 10,000 crore (including internal resources ) to counter ...
Banco Santander SA, Spain’s largest bank, agreed to pay $2.5 billion in cash to buy a stake in its Mexican unit that it ...
Global investors support US legislation that would raise capital requirements for banks and strengthen consumer financial ...
India’s largest life insurance company, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), on Wednesday signed a memorandum of understanding ...
Transport Minister Kamal Nath said he would meet with Temasek Holdings Pte to discuss the “idea” of setting up a fund ...
Infrastructure conglomerate Lanco Group and leading financial services firm Edelweiss Capital have emerged frontrunners in the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is looking to invest up to Rs 2 lakh crore in various asset classes, including equity ...
Overall interest rates may not harden from current levels as the country’s fiscal deficit is expected to improve in the ...
Insurance costs for oil companies are set to rise “exponentially” after the BP Plc spill, the worst oil leak in US ...
State-run insurance giant Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has invested Rs 8,363 crore in the equity market in the first ...
"We are working out the number...It could be between 7.5 per cent and 8.5 per cent," SBI Chairman O P Bhatt told ...
Country's largest lender SBI today said it was planning to mop up Rs 20,000 crore from rights issue by this fiscal end.
To provide a push to infrastructure development, a committee under Housing Development Finance Corporation Chairman Deepak Parekh ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today asked banks to step up their performance to ensure the 20 per cent credit growth ...
In a major bid to expand its pan-India footprint, private sector YES Bank, on Tuesday said it planned to open 100 new branches in ...
A good monsoon might ease the country’s inflationary pressures, allowing the central bank to continue its ...
Citigroup Inc.’s Wu Sheng and Ji Yehong resigned as managing directors at the bank’s China team to join rivals, ...
In 2008-09, the bank’s top executives had decided to forgo their bonus payouts and stock options.
Manulife Financial Corp Chief Executive Officer Donald Guloien said the Canadian insurer stood to benefit from ...
A gamble with fate taken by both current railway minister Mamata Banerjee and her predecessor, Lalu Prasad, has just cost their ...
Says tussle between Sebi and Irda to be resolved soon.
The lower house of the Swiss parliament voted Tuesday to reject a deal with the United States to transfer bank data from 4,450 ...
State Bank of Mysore is hopeful of attaining a 33 per cent current account/savings account (Casa) ratio, with a credit growth ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, has turned a borrower at the Reserve Bank of India’s repo window.
The banking system remained in the borrowing mode on Tuesday raising Rs 67,625 crore on a net basis through two liquidity ...
A recovery in stock markets and improved access to credit would help bolster sentiment for private-equity (PE) transactions in ...
But higher volumes may not mean substantial change in fee structure.
Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today described human resource management as the most "daunting" task facing ...
Bhatt will take over the reins of the bank association from Union Bank Chairman and Managing Director M V Nair.
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said it is awaiting the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) approval for ...
Bank of America (BofA) will pay $108 million to settle the US Federal Trade Commission's charges that Countrywide Financial Corp, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked non-scheduled banks
to review their deposit exposure to other non-scheduled banks.
Public sector general insurer United India Insurance Company is hopeful of achieving 15 per cent growth in its premium income to ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has now proposed to streamline the promotion of insurance products ...
RBI aims to upgrade due diligence by banks, NBFCs; analysts say hit on retail loans might ensue.
As many as seven public sector banks (PSBs) might get additional capital from the government shortly, financial services ...
After Ratan Tata, now the bankers have started appreciating the beauty of small things.
Deputy Governor says stance appropriate for local, global situation.
Buyers and existing owners of cars could be in for a shock.
Reason: Premiums of motor insurance, both renewals and new cars, are ...
Andhra Bank has tied up with UAE Exchange Centre WLL, Kuwait, for speed remittance arrangement from Kuwait to all its customers. ...
Ongoing sovereign debt crisis in some of the European economies has not adversely impacted the business of Exim Bank as of now, ...
Aegon Religare Life Insurance (ARLI) on Monday announced plans to improve the topline for the current fiscal by expanding its ...
Banks raised nearly Rs 62,000 crore on a net basis today through the two liquidity-adjustment facility (LAF) operations conducted ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has not cleared any unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) for nearly two ...
Tamil Nadu-based private sector Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) today entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Unit Trust of ...
Insurance company AEGON Religare Life Insurance (ARLI) today said it is targeting a total received premium of Rs 500 crore in the ...
British insurer Prudential Plc has reported a 27 per cent jump in sales to 1.36 billion pounds for the first five months of 2010, ...
IDBI Bank has opened its first overseas branch at the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC), which will provide corporate ...
The company said that Aggarwal has resigned following his appointment as the Chairman of Pension Fund Regulatory and Development ...
Teaser home loan rates of some banks, including State Bank of India (SBI), which charges only 8 per cent for the first year may ...
Bond traders will be eagerly waiting for the outcome of the meeting of the empowered group of ministers on freeing oil prices on ...
The State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), an associate bank of SBI, will recruit 2,000 clerical and 600 supervisory staff during the ...
Fearing court cases after the implementation of the base rate regime next month, public sector banks have decided to go for a ...
IT major Mastek is eyeing an acquisition in the insurance vertical in North America as well as the UK, and could spend up to $50 ...
Deepak Parekh, HDFC's non-executive chairman, has urged the government to overcome the coalition pressures and allow higher ...
Banks in Nebraska, Mississippi and Illinois were shut yesterday, according to statements on the Federal Deposit Insurance ...
European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet said tightening fiscal policy was the best way for Europe to help the global ...
The Agricultural Bank of China (ABC) announced its huge dual listing in Shanghai and Hong Kong, which could be the world’s ...
The nationwide strike by Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) employees against its proposed merger with the ICICI Bank entered its second day ...
Hungary's economic situation is stable and recent comments about a possible default were "unfortunate," the government ...
Private life insurer Aegon Religare Life Insurance (ARLI) is betting big on bancassurance to penetrate deeper in the tier II and ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) plans to sell its employee housing portfolio worth Rs 1,300 crore to its mortgage arm, LIC ...
To demystify insurance products and fill the information gap, the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) has ...
Banks to seek further clarity from RBI.
Clearing the deck for the merger of State Bank of India (SBI) and its associate, State Bank of Indore, the Reserve Bank of India ...
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), today said it has resolved 281 investor complaints against 194 companies in May, including ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed to tighten securitisation norms for non-bank financial companies (NBFCs), which will ...
The sub-committee of the State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) on enhancing flow of credit to handloom and handicraft ...
Seven banks, including SBI, saw their bottom line shrink in the fourth quarter.
In 2007, when Mexico-based microfinance institution (MFI) Banco Compartamos announced plans to go public, its critics were ...
With Prudential calling off plans to acquire AIG’s Asian life insurance unit, the Tatas — who have a 74:26 joint ...
The Group of 20 nations is split on the scale and timing of increases in bank-capital requirements that have been under ...
The Rushikulya Gramya Bank (RGB), one of the regional rural banks in Orissa, will soon introduce on-line transaction facilities ...
The committee constituted by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to look into the issue of customer service by banks to small ...
The central bank needs to consider a cash crunch in setting interest rates as companies pay third-generation (3G) phone license ...
In what may lead to lesser front-loading of insurance policies, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) plans ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will not tinker with policy rates unless absolutely necessary, Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty ...
HDFC Bank today said it is not looking at any inorganic growth for now as it plans to consolidate its business after the recent ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), an associate bank of State Bank of India, will recruit as many as 2,000 clerical and 600 ...
Around 4,200 employees of Bank of Rajathan (BoR) will go on two-day strike from tomorrow to protest against the proposed merger ...
HDFC Bank can double in size every four years, but it is not in a race to become the largest among all, says Deepak Parekh, ...
The insurance regulator’s recent proposal to tighten guidelines for referral agencies has created turmoil in the industry.
Emergency policies introduced during the liquidity crisis and a high fiscal deficit could have damaging consequences for India ...
Anticipating a fall in sales of pension products after new guidelines kick in from July, life insurance companies are making a ...
The XIX Commonwealth Games to be held in Delhi in October this year has already generated a business of Rs 5,000 crore in the ...
The Supreme Court judges hearing a petition against the merger of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) with ICICI Bank on Wednesday described ...
According to data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), bank credit went up by Rs 2,406 crore to Rs 32,30,178 crore at the ...
The ongoing economic crisis in the euro zone may have at least one positive aspect — higher remittances to India.
While, ...
A day after the conclusion of the 3G auction process, the net borrowing by banks from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) under the ...
The recent past has seen quite a few senior employees of brokerages and investment banks switch jobs.
The churn has been visible ...
The employee unions of the troubled Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) have sought the intervention of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
A Supreme Court bench today declined to hear a petition filed by minority shareholders of the Bank of Rajasthan, opposing the ...
In a major initiative to encourage investors from the rural and semi urban areas to participate in the equity market, the ...
Public sector bank, Allahabad Bank is eyeing NRI accounts to shore up its business from the segment from the ...
Haryana has failed to match the growth rate of agriculture productivity to the growth rate of agriculture advances extended by ...
This summer, public sector bank chiefs have a new destination on their travel schedule – Patna.
That’s because ...
LIC Housing Finance’s (LICHF’s) diversification juggernaut is finally rolling with a proposed venture capital fund.
Funds raise Rs 20,000 cr in last 3 years to invest in the sector.
Bucking the trend of rising interest rates, the country’s third-largest private sector lender, Axis Bank, has cut deposits ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman Om Prakash Bhatt is set to take over as the new chairman of the Indian Banks’ ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is moving to improve customer service at banks.
The central bank has set up a committee that will ...
But situation better than expected.
Currency notes are the largest volume of payment instruments in the country despite growing use of credit cards and electronic ...
Foreign fund house Morgan Stanley Mauritius today raised its stake in financial services provider JM Financial to 4.80 per cent ...
Private equity firm New Silk Route (NSR) will spend up to $20 million (Rs 90 crore) to raise its holding in INX Media Ltd to 70 ...
The Indian arm of the world’s third-largest reinsurance broker, Willis, is under the insurance regulator’s scanner in ...
Axis Bank denies interest in the old-generation bank.
The first batch is likely to join the department of information and technology.
May withdraw funds parked with MFs, as liquidity is expected to tighten further.
Private sector lender Axis Bank today said it has no plan to acquire any regional bank.
The State Bank of India (SBI) is likely to get a one-year extension to meet the mandatory 70 per cent loan-loss coverage norms ...
A two-judge vacation bench of the Supreme Court today declined to hear a petition filed by shareholders of the Bank of Rajasthan, ...
American International Group, the bailed-out insurer, remains in negotiations to salvage the sale of its main Asia unit after ...
Traders are closely watching the government’s move on auction of fresh securities in light of tight liquidity conditions in ...
Companies seeking short-term loans may have to factor in a 25-50 basis point rise in the cost of funds in the coming month, as ...
City Union Bank (CUB) is planning to raise around Rs 1,000 crore over the next three years through qualified institutional ...
Swiss banks have offered to tax the money deposited with them by Indians and other foreigners and "immediately deliver the ...
Bank customers can soon withdraw up to Rs 1 lakh in a single day from ATM machines, and can shop for even an higher amount of Rs ...
Dewan Housing Finance (DHFL) has raised Rs 500 crore through a combination of qualified institutional placement (QIP) and ...
Broking firm Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services plans to open 75 new branches this year.
Standard Chartered Plc’s offering of Indian Depository Receipts (IDRs) saw institutional investors pouring in large numbers ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) today announced a net loss of Rs 92.3 crore for the quarter ended March 31, compared to a profit of Rs ...
Private player Axis Mutual Fund today said it is looking at raising up to Rs 1,000 crore from its recently launched, fixed ...
Standard Chartered Plc's Rs 2,760-crore maiden Indian depository receipt (IDR) issue got a robust demand from investors on the ...
Ratings agencies have seen huge growth in business due to the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) order for rating of ...
The promoters of Aegon Religare Life Insurance will infuse around Rs 450-470 crore capital into their joint venture in the ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), part of the World Bank group, is considering an equity investment of up to $7.5 million ...
Despite a large pool of funds, India views sovereign wealth funds (SWFs) of many African countries like Nigeria, Libya, Botswana ...
Banks on the National Financial Switch (NFS), the largest ATM network in the country, will now have to pay a fee of 80 paise per ...
Unable to find a senior Sikh banker to replace G S Vedi at Punjab & Sind Bank, the finance ministry has begun the search for ...
The Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) has turned down a finance ministry proposal to allow bankers with less than two years of ...
The bank will sign an MoU with the state on June 3, 2010, the inaugural day of the GIM.
The third day of bidding for Standard Chartered Plc’s Indian depository receipts (IDRs) saw less than two million bids ...
City Union Bank (CUB) is planning to raise around Rs 1,000 crore over the next three years through qualified institutional ...
A day after the officers gave a strike call, the employees of the troubled private sector lender Bank of Rajasthan (BoR), which ...
Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund (BSLMF) and Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) have signed an MoU for a strategic alliance, whereby the ...
The healthcare sector has caught the fancy of private equity (PE) funds, with at least three deals in the pipeline.
G Nagamal Reddy, MD and CEO of the bank said that deposits grew by 21.7 per cent to Rs 11, 639 crore, which was over and above ...
The proposal to cap surrender charges may ensure buyers get back some — just some — of their investment.
The rupee today gained some of its lost ground as stock markets recovered, but the weakness of the Indian currency is making many ...
With non-performing assets (NPAs, or bad loans) in the banking sector expected to rise and banks required to achieve a 70 per ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday announced special measures to provide liquidity in the system, which may face a cash ...
After the Jaipur Stock Exchange (JSE), the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange (NSE) have sent showcause ...
The guessing game by banks on each other’s base rate is expected to be over soon when country’s top bankers meet ...
State Bank of India (SBI), which is struggling to meet the regulatory mandate of 70 per cent provision coverage ratio (PCR) by ...
India’s monetary policy would be “conditioned” by risks to global economic growth even as inflation remained a ...
German insurance giant Ergo is said to be in talks with public sector banks to form a life insurance joint venture.
Industry strongly opposes the move to cap fees.
The second day of bidding for Standard Chartered Plc’s Indian Depository Receipts (IDRs) saw the issue being subscribed a ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said the "worst is over" in terms of its rising bad debts, ...
In an effort to protect people from financial frauds, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today advised banks to be vigilant against ...
ICICI would hold an extra-ordinary general meeting (EGM) of shareholders on June 21 to obtain approval for the deal, it said in a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced measures to augment money supply in view of pressure in the system due to an ...
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) expects its base rate to be between 8-8.5 per cent, its Chairman and Managing Director K R ...
Despite the controversy around regulation of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips), the life insurance industry managed a healthy ...
Standard Chartered Plc received a rather cold response from investors on the first day of its Indian Depository Receipts (IDRs) ...
Telecom companies (telcos) are looking at alternative sources of funds to pay for 3G spectrum.
They had already raised Rs ...
Corporate and sovereign credit risk indicators worldwide reached or approached the highest levels in 10 months as heightened ...
Indian currency second-worst performer in Asia.
Investment by private equity (PE) companies rose over three-fold during January-April this year as compared to the same period ...
Growing sector estimated to double business to $1 billion in 2 years.
The bank had a consolidated net profit of Rs 2,384.08 crore in the corresponding fiscal.
In a bid to diversify operations, state-run Bank of India (BoI) plans to re-enter mutual fund business for which it is scouting ...
Investment banking fees in western Europe are falling victim to the Greek debt crisis, as companies from London to Dusseldorf ...
The higher-than-expected income from sale of third generation (3G) mobile spectrum has the potential to reduce government ...
Banks double expansion plans after RBI’s decision to allow them to open branches in Tier-III to VI cities without prior ...
ICICI Bank, which will see its presence in western India grow with the acquisition of Bank of Rajasthan, has said no to foreign ...
With its new reverse mortgage loan (RML)-enabled annuity scheme offering senior citizens assured lifetime payments instead of the ...
The Mangalore air crash is set to take a toll on the insurance bill of at least three airlines — Air India, Kingfisher and ...
Standard Chartered Plc, the London-based financial services group, has fixed the price band for its proposed issue of Indian ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) today said its employees will not be adversely affected by the merger with ICICI Bank and there will be ...
In a major acquisition in the country's financial services industry, the boards of country's second-largest lender, ICICI Bank ...
Fifty paise coins may soon be thing of the past as there are few takers for them, despite they being a legal tender.
State-owned banks are likely to re-introduce the system of common entrance tests for officers and employees, a move that would ...
Private insurers led by Reliance General are expected to take a hit of around Rs 450 crore from the Air India Express plane crash ...
Public sector lender UCO Bank is hoping to come out with its follow-on offer (FPO) by the middle of next month.
The bank hopes to ...
State Bank of India will lend about Rs 20,000 crore for operators participating in the auction for third-generation (3G) ...
With ICICI Bank and Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) slated to hold board meetings tomorrow to decide on the share-swap ratio for a merger ...
American International Group Inc’s US government rescue may cost taxpayers $2.9 billion less than previously estimated ...
Unsatisfied with the internal valuation arrived at by ICICI Bank, Bank of Rajasthan's promoter Tayals have asked their suitor to ...
Ahead of the crucial meeting of the ICICI Bank board to approve the takeover of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) tomorrow, industry ...
The country's largest lender State Bank today said interest rates are expected to remain stable in the short-term.
Ahead of tomorrow's Board meetings of ICICI Bank and Bank of Rajasthan to decide the share-swap ratio for the merger of the two ...
ICICI Bank, may not need a go-ahead from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) to complete the intended merger with Bank ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance Company is planning to infuse Rs 320 crore over the next two years.
With its new reverse mortgage loan-enabled annuity scheme (RMLeA) offering senior citizens assured lifetime payments instead of ...
The Hinduja Group has acquired KBL epb, the private banking arm of Belgian banking and insurance ...
The slide in the value of the euro due to sovereign debt crisis in Europe is unlikely to erode Indian foreign exchange reserves ...
The rupee suffered its steepest weekly fall since 1995 on concerns over European sovereign debt crisis and heavy selling by ...
Buyers may get to choose life or health cover with pension plan.
The London Stock Exchange Group swung into profits of 90.4 million pounds in the year ended March 31, 2010, amid rising ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it would raise Rs 500 crore from bonds to meet its capital requirement for credit growth.
Company borrowing costs jumped the most in two weeks after Germany’s short-selling ban, wiping out declines triggered by ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has swung into action to check its rising operating expenses, one of the key factors responsible for ...
HSBC Holdings’ retail broking unit said it would stop merchant banking operations to focus on securities services for ...
Standard Chartered Plc, which will launch the first-ever Indian Depository Receipt (IDR) offer later this month, today said it ...
But, warns that trade and services exports may be hit.
Life insurance companies anticipate a fall in premium collected through unit-linked pension products.
This is due to the ...
All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) today opposed the proposed Merger of Bank of Rajasthan with ICICI Bank saying it ...
The rupee fell over 1.70 per cent against the US dollar today, weighed down by falling euro against the greenback and largescale ...
Companies may stay clear of debt markets for now, say bankers.
The employees of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) today launched an agitation to protest against its proposed merger with ICICI Bank, the ...
After crossing the $4-billion (Rs 18,540 crore) mark in March, the money raised by Indian companies through external commercial ...
After witnessing a substantial growth in bad loans in 2009-10 due to economic slowdown, Indian banks are hoping for better days ...
Court interventions turn the tables on forex derivative losses, as banks push for out-of-court settlements.
The 0.1 per cent fall in the consumer price index was the first decrease since March 2009, figures from the Labor Department ...
Among the Karnataka headquartered banks, Canara Bank and Corporation Bank are expected to witness sound growth in the current ...
According to data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), bank credit rose Rs 13,029 crore to Rs 32,27,771 crore till May 7. ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said inflation was a big worry as demand side pressures were building up in ...
Magma Fincorp Limited, one of India's leading retail asset finance companies, has set a loan disbursal target of Rs 311 crore in ...
The UK-based bank, which is looking at raising up to $750 million through issue of Indian Depository Receipts (IDR), currently ...
ICICI Bank’s move to amalgamate Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) with itself at a 1:4.72 ratio indicates the bank would pay a ...
The bank said that while it has no need to raise capital at the moment, the purpose behind the issue of IDRs is primarily to ...
In what would make unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) more investor-friendly, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
Indian Bank is planning to penetrate rural India through kirana stores, and plans to turn its retired employees into business ...
Deal envisages one ICICI Bank share for every 4.72 of BoR’s.
Chennai-based microfinance company SMILE Microfinance Ltd (SMILE) has raised around $10 million (around Rs 50 crore) from equity ...
Chennai-based public sector bank Indian Bank has reported a 4.03 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 409.9 crore for fourth ...
The board has recommended dividend of 17 per cent for 2009-10, Icra said in a statement.
Its consolidated total income for ...
Indian Bank plans to tap the market by September to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore to meet its Tier-II capital requirements, said T M ...
To regulate non-banking entities acting as referral agents in the life insurance space, the Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
CD issuance were up today because mutual funds stepped up investment in shorter tenure today on inflows in their liquid schemes. ...
‘The challenge is to get value from investments made in infrastructure’.
The average deal size has gone up from $7 million in 2009 to $12 million this year.
The Bank of Rajasthan-ICICI Bank merger ends the one-and-a-half-year lull in M&A activities in the banking space, while ...
The total business of country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank will cross Rs 4 lakh crore after its takeover of the ...
To further streamline the system governing the Ulips, insurance regulator Irda today proposed to do away with wide variance in ...
The troubled Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) today said it would approach market regulator Sebi and banking watchdog RBI at an ...
The regulator is planning to restrain banks from selling complex derivatives to small and unlisted companies.
But, they are ...
Prudential CEO Tidjane Thiam today indicated that the British company would sell its stake in Tata AIG Life to the Indian ...
The number of credit cards in circulation fell below the 20-million mark in March, as issuers continued to cull inactive and ...
The aversion to equities is visible with Shriram Transport’s Rs 500 crore non-convertible debenture issue receiving high ...
Prudential Plc, the UK’s biggest insurer, started a $21-billion rights offering to fund its purchase of American ...
The new ETF will have a portfolio of 30 cos involved in India’s infrastructure sector.
On an year-on-year basis, the deposits of the bank grew from Rs 20,333 crore to Rs 23,731 crore (16.71 per cent increase) and ...
The Andhra Pradesh government will file criminal cases against microfinance institutions (MFIs) that resort to coercion and use ...
Rates were up 10-20 basis points in the three-month segment on the view liquidity is likely to tighten in the coming weeks due to ...
Asset financing company, Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC), plans to infuse around Rs 600 crore capital in its proposed ...
Local markets to feel pressure as telecom companies look to access funds.
British insurance major Prudential Plc, which runs a life insurance joint venture with ICICI Bank in India, today reported a 26 ...
Chennai-based microfinance company, SMILE Microfinance Ltd (Smile) has raised around $10 million (around Rs 50 crore) from equity ...
The Exim Bank has decided to join hands with commercial banks to offer comprehensive products to companies in foreign trade.
State-run Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) plans to open a full service branch in Dubai to inrease its trade finance portfolio.
In what is the largest ATM outsourcing deal in the country, Axis Bank has entered into an agreement with two third-party service ...
SBI Capital Market to recast debt plan.
Romano Prodi recalls how he persuaded Germany to allow debt-swamped Italy into the euro: support our membership and we’ll ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today reported a 21 per cent drop in consolidated net profit for ...
The country’s foreign exchange reserves fell $3.39 billion to $276.24 billion in the week up to May 7, as investors spooked ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest bank, is in a fix over new provision coverage ratio norm.
Analysts say it ...
General Insurance Corporation (GIC) may have to pay $25 million, or Rs 120 crore, as its share of claim arising out of the crash ...
Insurers of Aban Pearl, the natural gas exploration vessel that sank off the cost of Venezuela, would be spared heavy claims as ...
State Bank of India (SBI) would come out with a retail bond issue of about Rs 200 crore in the first half of the year, Chairman O ...
Despite the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) discomfort with teaser rates, they refuse to go away.
State-run banking major State Bank of India (SBI) would persuade the government to agree to a rights issue to help the bank raise ...
However, total income of the bank increased 1.8 per cent to Rs 22,474.12 crore for the quarter under review from Rs 22,060.61 ...
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) mandating discounted cash flow (DCF) method for valuation in case of transfer of shares to ...
Banks say IIFCL’s terms will leave nothing for them on the table.
In an effort to increase financing for environment-friendly projects, banks have proposed a 0.5 per cent cess on high ...
‘End use to be under the Reserve Bank of India scanner’.
Policyholders of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) with a top-up option might find the going tough in the next few months. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today permitted banks to let firms draw foreign exchange for payment of royalty for technical ...
The British insurance behemoth Prudential may launch its $21-billion rights issue early next week after agreeing to the proposed ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn today said the Greek debt crisis will not force the central bank to give up its hawkish ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 11 paise to 45 a dollar in early trade today helped by increased capital inflows by foreign funds ...
While returns on investment have helped non-life insurance companies register profits, they are yet to show profit from their ...
Citi India today announced the appointment of five executives in senior roles, including head of strategy and head of human ...
Two private life insurance companies are set to see a change of guard.
While Bharti AXA Life’s Chief Executive Officer ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao has said India, being a current account-deficit country, is more vulnerable to sudden ...
Blackstone Group LP, Thomas H.
Lee Partners LP and TPG Capital are in talks to pay more than $15 billion including debt for ...
New York University professor Nouriel Roubini said Greece and other “laggards” in the euro area may be forced to ...
Following hot on the heels of Monday morning’s shock announcement of a trillion dollar safety net for an increasingly shaky ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), a World Bank group arm, is planning to invest around $150 million (around Rs 660 crore) ...
The Swiss government proposed measures designed to curb risk-taking at UBS AG and Credit Suisse Group AG as it bids to win ...
Commercial vehicle financier Shriram Transport Finance Corp (STFC) plans to tap the debt market to raise up to Rs 500 crore ...
Insurance giant Allianz today reported a four-fold growth in first quarter net profit to euro 1.58 billion ($1.97 billion), ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) did not trade in dollars during the four months to March, 2010, despite heavy inflows of foreign ...
The German Cabinet has approved the country's share of a massive 750 billion-euro (nearly a trillion-dollar) financial rescue ...
Banks and companies preferred to remain on the sidelines on Tuesday due to abundant liquidity in the system, dealers said.
Helped by strong demand recovery, Bajaj Auto Finance has posted a 67 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 25.2 crore for fourth ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank has posted a 74.8 per cent drop in net profit to Rs 5.6 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 2010, as against ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank reported 99 per cent growth in the consolidated net profit for the quarter ended March ...
After reeling under losses for almost a decade, life insurance companies are now turning the tide.
Four life insurers have, so ...
The faceoff between banks and companies on forex derivatives’ losses took a new turn last week, with the Tirupur-based ...
Competition in retail banking is likely to intensify with YES Bank’s plan to enter the home, personal & education loan ...
Srei is planning to launch a $500 million international infrastructure fund, in which the company is looking to rope in ...
Plan submitted to RBI under financial inclusion programme for the year.
Despite a vibrant primary market, private equity (PE) players are choosing secondary markets and strategic sales to exit ...
Promoters keen to close deals quickly knock on syndicators’ doors.
Private sector Dhanlaxmi Bank plans to stabilise its branch operations and aims to grow its business to Rs 20,000-crore this ...
It may be difficult for scheduled commercial banks (SCB) to comply with the new provisioning coverage ratio of 70 per cent by ...
The escalating debt crisis in Greece and the fears of the contagion engulfing a few other Euro zone economies may prompt the ...
The rupee recovered strongly against the US dollar on Monday, reflecting market comfort with the $1-trillion rescue package for ...
The Greek debt crisis could trigger short-term vulnerability in the Indian markets, though its long-term impact might not be ...
The Nashik district administration, as per RBI guidelines, has prepared Rs. 4,457.99 crore district-level annual credit plan for ...
The US Federal Reserve will restart its emergency currency-swap tool by providing as many dollars as needed to European central ...
The escalating debt crisis in Greece and the fears of the contagion engulfing a few other Eurozone economies may prompt the ...
Goldman Sachs could end up paying $1 billion (670 million pounds) fine if it wants to settle the criminal lawsuit with the US ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has won the prestigious Asian Banker Achievement Award for being the strongest bank in Asia Pacific ...
Market regulator the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) today said it would allow more currency derivatives products ...
The Indian rupee appreciated sharply by 40 paise against the dollar in early trade today largely on the back of fresh capital ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Union government are working in tandem to make banks push the agenda on inclusive growth, ...
The World Bank has approved a $117.70 million (around Rs 517 crore) IDA credit to improve the quality of and access to health ...
Legendary investor Warren Buffett is keen on acquiring a majority stake in a state-owned general insurance company.
Public sector lender UCO Bank's proposed foray into Dubai has been kept on hold due to global recession and Dubai economic ...
Four state-run banks--Vijaya Bank, Central Bank of India, UCO Bank and United Bank of India --are likely to get Rs 1,500 crore as ...
Mumbai, May 9 (PTI) Crisis-ridden private-sector lender, Bank of Rajasthan's promoter, P K Tayal today ruled out any possibility ...
Infrastructure funds are expected to fare well in the next three-years as investments in the sector will increase substantially ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance posted a profit of Rs 427 crore in 2009-10 as against Rs 41 crore in the previous year.
After ...
Vijaya Bank has set a target of 21 per cent growth in its overall business for 2010-11 to reach the Rs 1,26,000 crore mark.
Bank of India (BoI) has reported a 47 per cent drop in net profit in the fourth quarter ended March due to a sharp rise in ...
Conversion premiums fall, investors insist on stiffer conditions.
Commercial banks in Karnataka are planning to extend insurance and other banking services to targeted beneficiaries to all ...
The cost of insuring against losses on European bank bonds soared to a record, surpassing levels triggered by the collapse of ...
The Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) today said it is planning to raise Rs 24,000 crore during the current fiscal.
Axis Bank today announced the launch of its Hong Kong website, which would have details on the products and services offered by ...
Private sector lender ICICI Bank today claimed that it continues to be the second largest bank in the country in terms of total ...
Lawyers of embattled Goldman Sachs met with representatives of the US market regulator SEC this week, a move seen as an attempt ...
New Delhi, May 7 (PTI) Private Equity (PE) and Venture Capital (VC) funding in India needs to increase three-fold to $30 billion ...
Private Equity (PE) and Venture Capital (VC) funding in India needs to increase three-fold to $30 billion annually from the ...
Rajat Gupta, the Goldman Sachs Group Inc director who is being investigated by the US authorities over his links to Galleon Group ...
European stocks plunge for a third day, euro drops to 14-mth low against dollar.
Life cover to be bundled with pension plan from July.
With rising volatility in currency markets in the wake of the debt crisis engulfing Europe, banks have begun to ask Indian ...
Partha Dev Datta has joined as the new assistant general manager of the Bhubaneswar circle of Allahabad Bank.
Datta, 52, joined ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) continued to decline today as banks were not keen on raising funds due to the abundant ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has rejected a proposal by some banks for having borrower-specific base rates.
It has also not ...
In an effort to step up credit to farmers, State Bank of India (SBI) has slashed interest rates on crop loans above Rs 3 lakh and ...
The super-rich clients of wealth management firms are no more enchanted with just equity.
They are looking at the fixed income ...
India’s inflation rate would slow down to between 5.5 per cent and 6.5 per cent by March 2011, State Bank of India (SBI) ...
The Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank (APGVB), a regional rural bank (RRB) sponsored by the State Bank of India (SBI), is ...
Government-owned Union Bank of India reported a 27.5 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended March to Rs 594 crore, ...
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Thursday reported a 31.1 per cent jump in net profit for the quarter ended March 2010. ...
Global banking major Standard Chartered is looking at roping in anchor investors for its Indian Depository Receipts (IDR) issue ...
Tayals hold talks with banks, including ICICI & Axis Bank, on a possible buyout.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it can raise up to Rs 6,800 crore from bonds to fund growth plans.
The US market regulator SEC is looking into the disclosures made by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway related to the group's ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) promoters Tayals today said that their stake was not up for sale, contrary to reports that discussions ...
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Ltd (MCX), the country’s largest commodity futures trading platform, was conferred on the ...
After many attempts at trying to convince the RBI to elucidate the exchange rate policy for India, Mr. A V Rajwade, a noted and ...
I am 35 and have a term plan (cover Rs 25 lakh) with an insurance company.
My annual premium is around Rs 8,500. I have come ...
Max Bupa Health Insurance, a joint venture between Max India Limited and international healthcare company Bupa, is targeting to ...
The rise of the rupee against the dollar has turned out to be a damper for global funds operated by mutual funds here.
Although ...
HSBC Bank is betting big on expansion of its small and medium enterprises (SME) business in India.
The bank is bullish on having ...
Essar Steel Holdings has cancelled its plan to raise about $750 million (Rs 3,360 crore) through dollar-denominated bonds, amid ...
Top-rated Indian companies have seen a 10-20 basis points (bps) rise in credit spreads following Greece’s sovereign debt ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) fell on Wednesday because banks preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the ...
Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) ramped up their presence in the structured finance market in 2009-10, while banks, ...
The government is open to the idea of providing financial support to banks for implementing financial inclusion, as the lenders ...
Citigroup plans to launch a $200 million fund for small-business lending in low and moderate income communities.
Bajaj Finserv will launch a wealth management business, including financial products distribution and advisory services, for ...
Outstanding credit of commercial banks declined by Rs 26,483 crore, from Rs 32,41,224 crore to Rs 32,14,741 crore at end of April ...
To invest in top five to seven cities; offshore fund in the works.
Citigroup plans to launch a $200 million fund for small-business lending in low and moderate income communities.
British insurer Prudential today said it had decided to delay launching a rights issue aimed at helping to fund a ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it has selected US-based Elavon Incorporation and Visa ...
Following changes in the forex rules, travellers going abroad can get up to $3,000 or its equivalent amount in other currencies ...
Singapore's state-owned investment house Temasek Holdings (Private) Ltd today said that it has received regulatory approvals to ...
Certificates of deposit maturing up to six-months were mostly issued today because mutual funds (MFs) were only keen on investing ...
IndiaFirst resumed operations on January 15 this year and has already mopped up a pan-India premium of Rs 200 crore by the end of ...
After trying to reform unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips), the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is now ...
Andhra Bank plans to add 15 new branches in the states of Punjab, Haryana, Uttaranchal, and Jammu and Kashmir next year.
The ...
State-owned Allahabad Bank is planning to add 90-95 branches to its existing network of 2,312 over the next three years, of which ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to develop skill sets to make lending to the infrastructure sector more ...
The new norms for unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) released on Monday are part of the periodic review of regulatory guidelines ...
Most expected to be unit-linked insurance plans.
Prudential Plc’s largest stakeholder, Capital Group Cos, rarely makes a concerted push to influence corporate management. ...
The European economic crisis could be an opportunity for Indian corporate houses.
Leading investment bankers say assets, ...
Manipal-based public sector lender, Syndicate Bank, today reported an 18.5 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 168.2 crore for the ...
In April, 129 M&A and PE deals amounted to Rs 9,800 crore.
Hive off infrastructure to attract funds, have a scalable model.
Online banking frauds are on the rise, with the number of cases more than doubling over the past three years, Parliament was ...
In the broadest sense of the word, it was possible to ascribe an absolute value to currencies as recently as 1971.
However, it ...
Three international exchanges of the Jignesh Shah-promoted Financial Technologies India (FTIL) are scheduled to go live this
The market saw few certificates of deposit (CDs) being issued on Monday, as banks preferred to remain on the sidelines noting the ...
UCO Bank Chairman and Managing Director SK Goel is set to take over as the new chairman of India Infrastructure Finance Company ...
Foreign direct investment (FDI) norms that classify ICICI Bank as foreign-owned were unlikely to impede the group’s ...
Inks 10-year strategic tie-up with Axis Bank.
The government has decided to chalk out a two-year programme to push financial inclusion initiatives by banks to bring it in line ...
Nothing deters the women who form a snaking queue in front of the partly constructed building that is the office of Bandhan, a ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today tightened the norms for unit-linked insurance and pension plans, ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India (UBI) on Monday reported a 65 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 46.22 crore for the ...
Government-owned UCO Bank has recorded an over three-fold rise in net profit to Rs 380 crore for the quarter ended March 31, ...
Central Bank of India on Monday reported a 174.65 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 171.68 crore during January-March compared to ...
The country’s largest home loan company, Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), has posted a 26 per cent rise in ...
Under fire from many a corner, Goldman Sachs is looking to change some of its practices in dealing with institutional clients, a ...
State-owned Central Bank of India is aiming for a credit growth at least 25 per cent this fiscal, a top bank official said.
Before his elevation to the new post, John was the Chief General Manager and Chief Financial Officer of the bank, a Federal bank ...
ICICI Group does not see any problems to its expansion plans due to the government's FDI norms that classify the bank as ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said its board will meet on May 11 to consider a proposal for the sub-division of ...
ICICI Bank plans to increase its headcount by hiring 5,000-7,000 people this year, a top bank official said.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc’s Warren Buffett praised Goldman Sachs Group Inc Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein and said ...
Chairman, managing director to retire in few months.
Winds of change are blowing across Mumbai’s Mint Road.
To attract more investment into mutual funds, the Association of Mutual Funds in India (Amfi) has asked the ...
Max Bupa Health Insurance, a new entrant in health insurance sector in the country, plans to infuse around Rs 550 crore in the ...
Bancassurance, or selling insurance, products through bank branchers, will play a crucial role in the overall development of the ...
Insurance regulator Irda has directed New Delhi-based Radiant Overseas to stop selling insurance policies of a Ukraine insurer as ...
Concerned over the exploitation of credit card holders, a Parliamentary Committee has suggested that RBI should prescribe maximum ...
Berkshire Hathaway Inc swung to a profit in the first quarter as rising markets increased the value of investments, and a ...
The 7.80 per cent 2020 paper is now the new benchmark (10-year bond) for assessing the yield trend.
Emirates NBD, a leading bank in the region, today launched as part of its NRI services, a special online remittance facility for ...
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank has recorded a 15 per cent dip in net profit to Rs 224.50 crore for the quarter ended March ...
The country’s largest public sector lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has extended its special home loan scheme, popularly ...
The Bangalore-based public sector lender, Vijaya Bank, aims to achieve a 23 per cent credit growth with greater emphasis on ...
Government-owned UCO Bank has recorded over three fold increase in net profit at Rs 380 crore for the quarter ended 31 March ...
Greece, which is bogged down by an intensifying debt crisis, has agreed to a 24 billion euro austerity package that includes wage ...
The government today said ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank cannot be called Indian-owned banks, setting at rest the debate generated over ...
Federal prosecutors in New York have opened a criminal investigation into trading practices of Goldman Sachs and could pursue ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today reported a 61.9 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 317.04 crore for the January-March ...
Commercial vehicle financier Shriram Transport Finance reported a 72 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 264.42 crore for the ...
State-owned lender Andhra Bank posted a net profit of Rs 240.29 crore for the quarter ended March 31, up 19.42 per cent from Rs ...
Falling cost of funds and healthy growth in core business helped private sector lender ING Vysya Bank to post 38 per cent growth ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor KC Chakrabarty today said he did not see the need for monetary tightening before the policy ...
Sonjoy Chatterjee, executive director (ED) of ICICI Bank, has put in his papers and will soon join US-based investment bank ...
Outstanding gross NPAs of 39 listed banks were Rs 70,781 crore at December-end.
The government is likely to continue taking a share of interest income from banks on stake sale of state-run companies, despite ...
Seeks transfer of 2 PILs in separate HCs to the apex court.
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) registered a 13 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 217.22 crore for the quarter ended March ...
Inflation has reached its peak and is expected to ease in the next two-three quarters, ICICI Bank chairman KV Kamath said here ...
ICICI Group's Sonjoy Chatterjee, the man in charge of ICICI Bank's corporate, investment and international banking, has quit -- ...
More than two years after the Centre announced the debt relief scheme (DRS) for the farmers, Andhra Bank has announced its own ...
Insurance companies planning to launch new unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) can approach the Insurance Regulatory and ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), part of the World Bank group, is planning to invest around $25 million (Rs 110 crore) in ...
The Andhra Pradesh government will file criminal cases against microfinance institutions (MFIs) that resort to coercion and use ...
Credit default swap (CDS) spreads for Indian companies rose on Tuesday in the wake of Standard & Poor’s move to ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank has reported a 30 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 503 crore for the fourth ...
Irda may approach government again.
A C Mahajan, chairman and managing director, Canara Bank said, “We have crossed three important milestones during the ...
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) posted a 20.4 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended March on the back of a ...
The yield on government bonds fell today on rating downgrade for Greek sovereign bonds and indications of a drop in headline ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation’s (HDFC’s) board of directors will consider a proposal to split the mortgage ...
Rising interest rates, revival in investment plans may reverse the trend.
The government-run Power Finance Corporation (PFC) wants to increase its presence in the rapidly growing renewable energy sector. ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) has reported 35.51 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 231.51 crore for the quarter ended March 31, ...
Every day, in the context of exchange rate management in India, one comes across proponents of a model called REER.
REER
has ...
As Standard and Poor’s today downgraded Greece’s credit rating to junk status and cut Portugal’s rating by two ...
The sovereign rating downgrades for Greece and Portugal are likely to push up the cost of overseas borrowing for Indian ...
Irda directive follows criticism over high levies.
The government announced the auction of new 10-year sovereign bond on Monday to end all speculation with regard to the issuance ...
Importance of bid fees far less; stress on technical record and expertise.
Insurance companies planning to go ahead with the launch of new Unit Linked Insurance Plans (Ulips) may have to face criminal ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory Development Authority (PFRDA) is likely to allocate Rs 4,100 crore in 2010-11 among the three pension ...
Banks consider dynamic lending rate system based on credit history.
Pave way for defined contribution pension scheme.
Public sector lender Dena Bank posted a 23.39 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 137.07 crore for the quarter-ended March 31, ...
Riding on low cost of distribution, SBI Life Insurance, the largest private life insurer, posted a net profit of Rs 276 crore for ...
Private sector lender YES Bank recorded a 74.8 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 140 crore for the quarter ended March 31, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said it was not considering imposition of Tobin Tax at present, but the proposal was ...
Seek stability of the HTM regime, clarity on rating action.
Ananta Capital, an alternative investment fund set up in August last year, is raising a total of $150 million for its two funds ...
Plan to raise Rs 7,500 crore from domestic institutional and retail investors.
Bharti AXA General Insurance company is targeting a 70 per cent growth in premium collections during the current financial year.
Private sector lender Yes Bank plans to raise Rs 1,500 crore of capital this financial year, a top bank official said.
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said its net profit rose by 74.79 per cent to Rs 140.03 crore for the fourth quarter ended ...
Reflecting the economic slowdown, the market for securitisation dipped for the second year in a row.
Overall volume declined 22 ...
Riding on recovery in auto sales and retail health segments, the general insurance industry recorded 13.4 per cent growth in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had not issued an extension to all banks to achieve 70 per cent provision cover and would treat ...
While confidence about the economy among companies has already climbed to pre-crisis levels, consumer confidence is yet to bounce ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed deep concern over asset-liability mismatches (ALMs) in banks’ balance sheets, ...
Move comes along with new transfer policy for chief general managers.
Main Street teamed up with Wall Street to produce something the four biggest US lenders haven’t had since the banking ...
With advance tax payment of Rs 1,405 crore, up 14.2 per cent from previous fiscal, StanChart stood as the 16th highest taxpayer ...
Credit growth, which stood at 16.6 per cent last fiscal, is likely to pick-up by the end of the second quarter of this fiscal, a ...
Financial services major Bank of America's (BofA) two directors -- Frank Bramble and Charles Holliday -- have emerged as the ...
Punjab & Sind Bank today said it will come out with initial public offer (IPO) during June-July this year.
Sequoia Capital, which invested in gold loan company Mannapuram General Finance and Leasing (MGFL), exited from it after selling ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) posted a 49.25 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 257.13 crore for the quarter ended March 31, ...
While acknowledging the prospects of large capital flows, Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao has said these pose a ...
Banks will have to soon put in place an additional authentication cover for their credit and debit card customers transacting ...
Chennai-based public sector Indian Bank has reported a 4.03 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 409.9 crore for the fourth ...
Sachin Tendulkar, the captain of Mumbai Indians, may miss Sunday’s Indian Premier League (IPL) final against Chennai Super ...
Aided by strong growth in interest income, the country’s second-largest private lender, HDFC Bank, today reported a 32.6 ...
ICICI Bank today said its consolidated net profit rose 79.27 per cent to Rs 1,341.80 crore during the quarter ended March 2010, ...
India's second-largest, ICICI Bank, today said that there was no immediate plan to hike its lending rates.
"As of now, there ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) today said its net profit grew 34 per cent to Rs 823 crore in the financial year ended March 31, ...
ICICI Bank, the country's second-largest lender, expects credit demand to grow by 16 to 20 per cent in the year to March 2011, ...
Indian Bank today reported a 4.03 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 409.9 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank today reported a 32.61 per cent jump in its fourth quarter net profit at Rs 836.62 crore.
Non-life insurance companies will take a slight hit due to recent flight disruptions in Europe.
Claims will arise from overseas ...
As part of a plan for implementation of the base rate system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would free interest ...
Rates go up on sub-BPLR loans.
Teaser home loan rates, which entice borrowers with a low fixed rate initially and then move to a floating rate, are a matter ...
IVR allows people to access their bank or credit card information through automated responses over the phone, instead of having ...
The State Bank today said it is expecting to clock around 23 per cent growth in credit offtake this fiscal and expressed optimism ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) today said it has appointed Lakshmi Venkatachalam as Vice-President for a period of three years.
Finacle, the banking product unit of Infosys, is banking on financial inclusion and adoption of core banking solution (CBS) by ...
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has re-launched its special home loan plan, also called teaser rates, to ...
The government today approved Rs 15,000 crore capital infusion in public sector banks (PSBs) in the current fiscal, a move that ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) “25-25-25” approach in the monetary policy reflects its stance of ...
RBI has kept its reputation of being on the ball.
Rate hike could have been sharper and to the extent of 25 per cent basis point ...
RBI’s policy for 2010-11 needs to be viewed in the backdrop of the economic scenario in India and globally.
The ...
Insurers witnessed a spurt in business during the last month of the financial year — with contributions over 23 per cent of ...
The New India Assurance is hopeful that its premium income may grow at 20 per cent in the current financial year with rising ...
A big gain in net interest income pushed up the net profit of Bangalore-based public sector lender State Bank of Mysore (SBM), an ...
Uncertainty over regulation of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) is taking its toll on sale of new policies, while existing ...
Want RBI to allow them to decide on upfront payment.
An affidavit filed in the Supreme Court (SC) regarding a derivatives scam has alleged that regulatory agencies were part of a ...
Mahindra Finance, the non-banking financial arm of auto major Mahindra & Mahindra, reported a 31 per cent increase in ...
Plans to focus on credit cards and home loans this year.
Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited is set to expand its network in Kerala by setting up operations in Alappuzha, ...
Despite regulatory discomfort, teaser rates are back.
Less than a week after Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) ...
Federal Reserve supervisors are telling about two dozen of the largest US banks they must do more to end pay practices that ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is planning to undertake a pilot project on sustainable ...
Citi India today said it has appointed Rahul Soota as Head of Retail & Commercial Banking.
India accounted for about 13 per cent of $10.1 billion loans disbursed by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) in 2009, though the ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said the tightening of monetary policy by India is an 'appropriate' step, as the ...
Private sector Dhanlaxmi Bank has entered into an alliance with UTI Mutual Fund (UTI MF) under which it will offer the entire ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said the tightening of monetary policy by India is an 'appropriate' step, as the ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 3 paise to 44.52 a dollar as the US currency gained overseas.
Flash points: Stake dilution by foreign parent, voting rights, stamp duty, etc.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has told bankers that it will relax the 25 per cent ceiling on classifying bonds in the ...
Indian Bank has targeted to achieve total business of Rs 2, 10,000 crore by the end of 2011-12, up from Rs 1, 51,000 crore in ...
The management of State Bank of India (SBI), Bengal circle has asked members of State Bank of India Staff Association (SBISA) to ...
in its total business to Rs 86,314 crore during 2010-11. This comprises of Rs 8,000 crore of advances and Rs 10,000 crore of ...
With an all-round performance in 2009-10, the bank is geared to benefit from an uptick in the economy.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has proposed two new taxes on the financial industry to target "excess" profits ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 14 paise to 44.38 a dollar in early trade today as foreign funds poured capital into equities.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has started the process to provide loans to the government ...
A decent growth in margins and interest income helped the bank post a healthy performance in the recently-concluded quarter.
Don’t get locked into fixed deposits or income funds with three-four year tenure.
Short-covering in real estate and banking stocks saw domestic equity markets close on a positive note on Tuesday.
Interest ...
In order to improve service standards in banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to set up a committee to look into ...
The Reserve Bank’s Credit Policy on Tuesday went more or less on expected lines.
The central bank tightened liquidity but ...
Leading banks lent 18 per cent more to car buyers in 2009-10 at Rs 33,000 crore, compared with Rs 28,000 crore in the previous ...
In spite of eroding confidence of private equity (PE) firms during the global downturn, a clutch of big global names, who till ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), part of the World Bank group, plans to invest $75 million (Rs 330 crore) in ...
In a bid to tackle rising inflation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today raised policy rates for the second time in as many ...
Steep ‘waterfall clauses’, mezzanine, cash-out deals feature in deals seen in the sector.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, facing a fraud lawsuit from US regulators, reported first-quarter earnings that surpassed ...
The Reserve Bank today said it would come out with norms on salaries of CEOs of private and foreign banks by June end, in a move ...
The Reserve Bank is looking to use mobile phones as a medium for taking banking facilities to the remote and far flung areas.
Total income stood at Rs 3,921.99 crore for the March quarter against Rs 3,884.73 crore for the same period previous fiscal, Axis ...
The Reserve Bank today said it will come out with a discussion paper on new norms for granting banking licences to private sector ...
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has directed foreign institutional investors to disclose more ...
Central Bank of India has said it will take a decision in the current financial year to enter insurance business.
Public sector Dena Bank has approached the government for infusion of Rs 1,300 crore to meet capital requirement norms, a top ...
Retail and corporate borrowers can breathe easy as bankers today said an immediate hike in lending rates is unlikely, although ...
Banking stocks edged higher on the Bombay Stock Exchange today on fresh round of investments following the less-than-expected ...
The RBI today hiked short-term lending and borrowing rates and the portion of money banks deposit with it by 25 basis points ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 16 paise to 44.57 a dollar in early trade today on the back of fresh capital inflows by foreign ...
Capital market regulator Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority ...
The Reserve Bank of India today issued draft norms prescribing the minimum period for which banks should hold loans on their ...
In the “Macroeconomic and Monetary Developments in 2009-10”, RBI said the growth outlook for the economy remains ...
Shares of companies in which it holds stake fall more than the benchmark.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, accused by regulators last week of fraud in its mortgage-securities business, may show investors ...
The robust credit pick-up in the fourth quarter of 2009-10, which helped the banking system to top central bank’s credit ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s stock may drop and the board could come under pressure to change managers after European ...
Private sector banks managed a 70 basis points (bps) increase in credit growth in the 12 months to March 26, outshining their ...
For the first time since the financial crisis intensified, overall flow of funds to the commercial sector has gone up.
Rising international commodity prices and consumer demand key threats.
An expected increase in capital inflows to India could put upward pressure on asset prices and the exchange rate and also ...
Growth in total expenditure
decelerates, led by lower growth of revenue expenditure.
International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank Group, is assisting Gujarat develop an educational project to ...
Capital inflows are expected to be strong, which may push up asset prices, the Reserve Bank said.
The performance of core infrastructure decelerated in February this year at 4.5 per cent as compared to 9.4 per cent in January, ...
After slapping charges of fraud on Goldman Sachs, the US market regulator SEC is probing whether other mortgage deals arranged by ...
Loan disbursals by banks in September-December 2009 grew 12.2 per cent -- half the pace it recorded last year -- a trend that may ...
Following are the highlights of the RBI's Macroeconomic and Monetary Developments in 2009-10 report released today.
The Reserve Bank (RBI) will try to put the lid on inflation, which is nearly in the double-digit region, possibly by hiking key ...
State Bank of India is setting up windmills in Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Gujarat to generate 15 MW of power for its own use.
The Indian rupee depreciated by 25 paise to 44.57 a dollar in early trade today on capital outflows by foreign funds from ...
Minister of State for External Affairs Shashi Tharoor’s 11-month innings in the government came to an end on Sunday.
The government plans to tighten investment norms for non-resident Indians (NRI) in companies to ensure that they do not violate ...
Dealers said treasuries would prefer to tread a cautious path ahead of RBI’s policy to be unveiled on Tuesday.
There is ...
The initial comfort which the regulator drew from base rate mechanism that will be in place soon, to put an end to the teaser ...
Leading microfinance player SKS Microfinance is planning to enter the banking space and is awaiting Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) ...
"We have obtained Board approval to raise Rs 150 crore through a QIP.
This will, however, be done only in the next 6-12 ...
In March alone, Rs 4,000 cr disbursed.
Galleon Group founder Raj Rajaratnam, who faces federal insider trading charges, sought to acquire secret information about ...
Jammu and Kashmir Bank has got a big boost after the Reserve Bank of India gave permission to utilise common service centres, ...
The premium on fire and marine transit insurance covers is expected to increase by 10-15 per cent following the recent incidents ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. was sued by US regulators for fraud tied to collateralised debt obligations that contributed to the ...
The members of State Bank of India Staff Association (SBISA), Bengal Circle, are irked over transfer orders of about 30 staffs to ...
With oil prices above the $80 a barrel mark, government oil marketing companies (OMCs) are selling oil bonds to meet their ...
Investment bank JPMorgan has lost two senior executives to rival Credit Suisse, which is beefing up its Indian operations.
Private sector IndusInd Bank has reported 94 per cent growth in its net profit for the quarter ended March to Rs 97.96 crore, ...
A consortium of Bank of Baroda (BoB), Indian Overseas Bank and Andhra Bank has received a commercial licence from the Malaysian ...
India's foreign exchange reserves increased by $932 million to $280.028 billion for the week ended April 9 compared to $279.096 ...
Private-sector lender IndusInd Bank today said it is aiming at a credit growth of 25-30 per cent in the current financial year.
Shares of Firstsource Solutions today declined over 1 per cent on the BSE on reports that ICICI Bank is looking to reduce its ...
The state-run lender started offering 8 per cent loan under its Produce Marketing Loan scheme last February with a view to save ...
The nation's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it does not see the bank's interest rates rising sharply in the ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) today launched a defence salary package for the Indian Air Force with an array of concessional ...
The Singapore Exchange (SGX) today announced a net profit of $74.6 million for the third quarter of 2010, up 35 per cent from an ...
Application date runs till the time SBI’s like offer is open.
The turmoil in world financial markets has improved the prospects for India’s financial sector, according to experts.
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc may have grounds to sue Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Barclays Plc after they demanded $1.2 billion in ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co and Fifth Third Bancorp executives told US regulators last week that plans to ...
Hedge fund managers may soon face a new regulatory nemesis: Their peers.
Call money rate ended at reverse repo rate of 3.50 per cent as liquidity continued to remain ample in the banking system, dealers ...
Rupee strengthened, snapping a two-day loss, on speculation global investors will pump more money into Asian assets as economic ...
Union Bank of India, which recently concluded road shows for its medium-term notes (MTN) programme, is likely to wait till the ...
Regulators show urgency of purpose for a legally binding ruling on Ulip regulation.
Institutional desks of many brokerages in India are in the process of selling about Rs 2,000 crore worth of equity holding of ...
Housing finance major HDFC today lowered its home loan rate to 8.25 per cent for the first year in its new dual rate scheme, ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has released Rs 1,008 crore of the Centre’s share of ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, the second- biggest US bank by assets, beat analysts’ estimates as first-quarter earnings rose 55 ...
Swiss lawmakers, bowing to pressure from bankers representing 7.6 per cent of the nation’s gross domestic product, are ...
UBS AG Chief Executive Officer Oswald Gruebel said he’s upbeat about the prospects for Switzerland’s biggest bank ...
Apollo Munich has asked for approval from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) to launch Optima Vital, a ...
Lutyens’ Delhi today took centrestage in the standoff between Mumbai-based markets regulator Securities and Exchange Board ...
The Orissa government plans to create a special corpus for the development of the mining areas in the state.
Foreign lender Citi has appointed Ravi Kapoor as the head of its global banking in India with immediate effect.
Bailed out insurer American International Group (AIG) today said it will sell its portfolio of 53 aircraft to Australia-based ...
In a sharp rebuff to market regulator the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for banning issuance of any fresh ...
Concerned over the ongoing public spat between the two regulators, the government today asked Sebi and IRDA to move court ...
Unhappy with the wage settlement, 80 per cent of State Bank of India (SBI) officers in the senior management grade have resigned ...
I am planning to buy a house.
I have heard that a life insurance policy can help in increasing my eligibility.
The finance ministry will review the selection process for the posts of chairman and managing director (CMD) of eight public ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on banks for asking collateral for educational loans below Rs 4 lakh.
Global private equity (PE) firm Carlyle Group is planning to invest around $850 million (around Rs 3,750 crore) in India in the ...
The cost of remittances across various modes has come down significantly.
China’s four largest publicly traded banks need 480 billion yuan ($70 billion) of capital to comply with regulatory ...
Insurance and investment are two different needs.
Then, there are Ulip pension plans with no sum assured.
No wonder, there is ...
Sebi asks 14 firms to register before launching new plans; Irda rejects proposal.
Mumbai-based mortgage lender Dewan Housing Finance (DHFL) today said it planned to launch a finance joint venture (JV) focused on ...
Fifteen years ago, Ajay Banga, the then marketing director of Pepsico in India, was involved in a public spat with Madan Lal ...
To delist from exchanges, may exit merchant banking.
The central bank may classify them as foreign-owned Indian banks.
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) plans to raise up to Rs 25,000 crore through non-convertible debentures (NCDs) in ...
State-run lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today ruled out any increase in interest rates in the near future saying there is ...
Life insurance companies today said the government's intervention to end the turf war between the Securities and Exchange Board ...
Leading mortgage lender Dewan Housing Finance (DHFL) plans to float a housing finance subsidiary targeting the low-income segment ...
Since Saturday, Krishna Chokhani, a Mumbai-based insurance agent, has been getting calls from worried policyholders of ...
The village of Jamburi Hapsi, located a few hours off the road to the Indore airport, has no bank branch in a 7-8 km radius. ...
The state-run National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) indicated that it has not rule out diversifying into ...
The country should welcome capital inflows and not place any direct restriction on such funds, Chief Economic Adviser to the ...
The loans provided to the banking system by way of refinance for short-term crop production and long-term investment activities ...
Starting Q3, Aga Khan Foundation to cut holding through QIP, rights issue.
Members of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) committee could not reach a consensus before issuing a set of directives on the base ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), the lending arm of World Bank, is planning to invest around $15 million (around Rs 66 ...
RBI to revisit ceiling once bonds issuance hits Rs 35,000 crore.
The disbursement of investment credit by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) to the Karnataka ...
State-owned Bank of India today said it has raised $500 million through the issue of notes.
State-run Allahabad Bank has said its total business touched Rs 1,79,000 crore during the 2009- 10 fiscal, exceeding the target ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), which has begun the process of restructuring its operations, is ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) today said its lending rates will go up by 0.1 per cent from July 1 for all sovereign borrowers ...
Reliance Capital (R-Cap), the holding company of Anil Ambani Group's insurance ventures, today said regulator IRDA's direction to ...
The government today said the two regulators Sebi and IRDA have agreed to maintain the status quo that existed before market ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), which has begun the process of restructuring its business ...
About 3,500 villages in Gujarat, each with more than 2,000 population, will get banking facilities thanks to initiative taken by ...
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund launches Kotak Credit Opportunities Fund, an open-ended debt scheme that aims to capture opportunities ...
Swiss banking giant UBS today said it expects a pre-tax profit of at least 2.5 billion Swiss francs ($2.36 billion) in the first ...
The Stock Services Limited of Vadodara Stock Exchange (VSE-SSL) is ready for launching currency derivatives once its members ...
European governments put together a loan package worth at least ¤30 billion ($41 billion) for debt-burdened Greece as they ...
The financial services arms of Kerala-based Muhoot Pappachan Group – Muthoot Fincorp Ltd (MFL) and Muthoot Capital Services ...
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB) has crossed the Rs1,000-crore business mark.
“We had targeted to touch the Rs ...
Despite a substantial rise in the disbursement of funds year-on-year over the last few years from the National Bank for ...
The yield on 10-year government paper is expected to remain beyond 8 per cent next week due to pressure from the higher cut-off ...
The main challenge is to convert existing term and home loans to the base rate.
Financial institution Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) expects to raise about Rs 15,000 crore in the present ...
Banks are unlikely to fix their base rate at a very low level even though the Reserve Bank of India has given them the freedom to ...
Pick up in banks' credit offtake and declining dependence on expensive deposits are likely to help them to improve their margins ...
Growing concerns about runaway inflation and signs of stable economic recovery may prompt the Reserve Bank to hike its key ...
Public sector Corporation Bank was looking for overseas companies to partner with for its entry into the general insurance ...
As many as three global financial companies, including Citibank, Credit Suisse Group and JP Morgan have abandoned their brokerage ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said it was time to revisit some of the age-old financial sector norms to usher in the ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today hinted at further roll-back of stimulus measures announced in the wake of the global ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today gave freedom to banks in deciding their base rate.
“Banks may choose any benchmark to ...
The disbursement of investment credit by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) to Karnataka government ...
Despite a substantial rise in the disbursement of funds year-on-year over the last few years from the National Bank for ...
Banks lowered their exposure to mutual funds (MFs) in the last fortnight of 2009-10 to meet year-end capital needs.
Devolvement at year’s first auction of the benchmark paper; likely precursor of more rises in interest rates.
Srei Sahaj e-Village Limited, a subsidiary of the Kolkata-based Srei Infrastructure Finance Limited, has tied up with DLF ...
The targeted loan amount includes Rs 1600 crore for the Kharif season
and Rs 1400-crore in the Rabi season.
Private sector insurer HDFC Standard Life Insurance, which aims to break even by March 2012, today said it is planning to come ...
British insurer Aviva Plc is all set to re-enter the general insurance market in Asia after a gap of five years, mainly to ...
The state-run Central Bank of India today said despite weak demand its loan book grew by a robust 23 per cent in the ...
The government today said rupee appreciation has not been "that sharp" as to hurt Indian exports, rebuffing exporters' ...
Reliance Mutual Fund (MF) today said it has tied-up with Financial Planning Standards Board India (FPSB India) to train the ...
Major American banks, including Citigroup and Goldman Sachs, temporarily lowered their debt in the past five quarters before ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank today launched its Portfolio Investment (PIS) Scheme for NRIs in tie up with Geojit BNP Paribas ...
The aggregate deposits of various banks in Gujarat have increased by 13.55 per cent for the quarter ended December 2009, while ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company Limited is targeting a premium income of Rs 600-700 crore during the current financial year.
Charles O “Chuck” Prince and Robert Rubin, Citigroup Inc’s former leaders, face a grilling by the Financial ...
Ever thought of getting paid an allowance when your car is in the workshop?
It’s not as improbable as it seems.
For, ...
Investment bankers managing the Standard Chartered IDR (Indian Depository Receipts) issue have sought clarity from the market ...
The first quarter of the current financial year has started on a promising note for banks.
Asks Centre, RBI to file its views by June.
The National Housing Bank (NHB) is in talks with a US-based insurance company to set up a Mortgage Guarantee Company which will ...
The National Insurance VimoSEWA Cooperative Ltd, promoted by the Self-Employed Women's Association, (SEWA), is assisting the ...
United Bank of India (UBI) today said it is focusing on lending to agriculture and SME sectors with special emphasis on the ...
The UK financial regulator has imposed a fine of 4.2 million pounds on three entities, including Swiss banking major Credit ...
Focusing on financial inclusion Dena Bank has proposed to open 150 new branches across the country this fiscal, a top official ...
Kolkata-based LSI Financial Services , which got Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) licence for merchant banking ...
A Reserve Bank panel has suggested doubling the limit of collateral-free loans to Rs 10 lakh for micro and small enterprises ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has released Rs 1,008 crore towards recapitalisation assistance ...
Banks beat RBI’s estimate of 16 per cent credit growth for the year.
JP Morgan Chase is set to enter the corporate banking space in India, offering a suite of services such as providing working ...
Intel Capital, IBM, SAP Venture, Qualcomm Ventures increase India focus.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has asked State Cooperative Banks (SCBs) to prepare a roadmap ...
State-owned Indian Bank, which has crossed a business of Rs 1.5 lakh crore, aimed to become a zero net non-performing asset (NPA) ...
K G Karmakar, managing director, Nabard, said in 2009-10, the bank disbursed Rs 12,000 crore as investment credit and had set a ...
AEGON Religare Life Insurance today announced its first bancassurance tie-up with Nashik District Central Cooperative Bank.
The US would closely work with India to promote greater and more balanced economic cooperation between the two nations, visiting ...
Cuts dependence on direct selling agents to sell loans, branches back in focus.
As the Assam Industrial Development Corporation Ltd (AIDCL) comes looking for potential investors for the upcoming Tinsukia ...
In a bid to enable the MSMEs (Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises) to import technology and equipment from USA, the Export Import ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in association with the Union ministry of textiles, Government of India, has ...
In line with the turnaround in the economic climate, the number of rating upgrades, reflecting improvement in the financial ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank today said it has lined up a slew of branding activities in the coming year and has earmarked ...
Country's third-largest private sector lender, Axis Bank, today said lending rates in the banking industry is poised to move up ...
Having made all preparations to resume trading, the Delhi Stock Exchange (DSE) -- shut for the past eight years-- is awaiting ...
Seattle-based Washington Real Estate Holdings today said it has acquired St. Regis Monarch Beach Resort, which received unwelcome ...
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) has fined Citigroup $650,000 for violation of disclosure and supervisory ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today intervened in the foreign exchange market, albeit in a small way, resulting in the rupee ...
India’s best quarter for stock sales in at least six years was accompanied by a slump in fees as investment banks competed ...
On the sidelines of a meeting here, SBI Chairman OP Bhatt said, “We will wait for the April policy and then decide (whether ...
Private sector lender IndusInd Bank today announced about raising Rs 420 crore, including a greenshoe option, through Tier-II ...
The advantage of easing yields may be offset by lower interest income and rising bad loans.
"Our credit growth during 2009-10 had been 19 per cent and this year we are expecting expansion of 20-21 per cent during the ...
Private sector IndusInd Bank today said that it has raised Rs 420 crore through an issue of bonds.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed urban cooperative banks not to treat the accounts of the farmers covered under the ...
The US government has earned $10 billion from the bailout money paid by banks so far, according to a report that also suggests ...
Deutsche Bank's mutual fund arm, Deutsche Asset Management today launched DWS Global Agribusiness Offshore fund, which is a ...
The income tax (IT) department will recommend de-freezing of about 100 demat accounts after it found the claims of a few ...
Treasury Secretary Timothy F Geithner, by delaying a report on global currency policies, is betting international diplomacy will ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) might consider an upward revision in its deposit and lending rates after the Reserve ...
Banks have requested the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to bring down the risk weight on housing loans to 35 per cent for loans up ...
Commerce minister says discussion on but present foreign investment rules are satisfactory.
Bonds with built-in protection against rating cuts are making up a record share of debt issues as investors hedge against a ...
Banks which have sanctioned less than 50 cases are Andhra Bank (16), Corporation Bank (33), Indian Bank (16), Indian Overseas ...
After getting an equity capital of Rs 118.2 crore in the third round of capital infusion at March-end, Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance ...
The move to the daily average method of computing interest on savings accounts from April 1 will not materially impact ...
After remaining under pressure towards the close of the financial year, liquidity conditions in the inter-bank market improved on ...
Heavy FII inflows lead to the surge.
Bankers expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to resort to further monetary tightening by increasing policy rates as well as the ...
IDBI Bank today said it has tied up with Venture Infotek, a transaction management company, to launch its internet payment ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) today said it has revised upward interest rates on its NRE fixed deposits.
The country's two largest private sector lenders--ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank--today played down concerns about being treated as ...
Swiss banking major Credit Suisse today said it has appointed Aditya Mishra as head of its operations in Delhi with immediate ...
Favours check on downstream investments by firms with minority foreign shareholding.
Private equity fund IL&FS Investments Ltd has acquired an 82 per cent stake in Tiruchirappalli-based GK Industrial Park Pvt ...
The Central Bank of India has said it will sign a deal with an asset reconstruction company (ARC) to sell non-performing assets ...
Accounting regulator ICAI's probe panel has hit out at banks for not doing due diligence on Satyam Computer Services before ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), West Bengal, has recorded a 13 per cent increase in business at ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will meet bankers on Monday to take stock of the current macro-economic situation and take note ...
Bankers in Madhya Pradesh have posted a decline in direct housing finance during the last three years.
According to Reserve Bank ...
Much of Patil panel’s to-do list on developing a corp bond market remains shelved
.
Exchange rate fluctuation has inflated India's external debt by $18.7 billion (about Rs 90,000 crore) during the three-month ...
“We will expect this (IndiaFirst Life Insurance) company to break even by the next five years,” BoB Chairman and ...
They are under Sebi and RBI scrutiny for various violations.
State-owned Union Bank of India will raise retail term deposit rates by 25 to 50 basis points with effect from Monday, the bank ...
"We would expect this (IndiaFirst Life Insurance) company to break even by the next five years," BoB Chairman and ...
Credit disbursement for agricultural and allied activities by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) in ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 44.20 crore for forest conservation in six ...
With the economic turnaround now on a firm wicket, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has made restructuring of debt by companies ...
The Angul United Central Cooperative Bank Limited (AUCCB) has become the second cooperative bank in Orissa to have got the ...
The government-run National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) did business worth a record Rs 1.36 lakh crore in ...
CBI has arrested the Chairman and two directors of a listed company in Ahmedabad for allegedly defrauding Andhra Bank of around ...
The country's largest lender the State Bank of India had announced an upward revision in its foreign currency deposit rates ...
Country's foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.151 billion to $277.042 billion for the week ended March 26, against $278.193 ...
Financial services major JPMorgan Chase's Chief Executive Office Jamie Dimon is believed to be preparing his succession plans and ...
Market regulator Sebi has directed stock exchanges to post all their regulatory orders and arbitration awards on websites from ...
Deutsche Bank AG has completed the acquisition of Dutch bank ABN AMRO's commercial banking activities in the Netherlands.
Financial institution Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) today said it expects about $600 million from ...
The Reserve Bank has liberalised investment norms for Indian telecom companies by allowing them to invest in international ...
Japanese Finance Minister Naoto Kan said today he has no plans to pressure China to reform the yuan's exchange rate when he meets ...
The district consumer redressal forum has directed the HDFC bank to pay a customer the total amount which had been transferred ...
Canada has called upon India to further open its banking and insurance sectors so that Canadian banks and insurance companies can ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today said the central bank needed to learn to manage economic and regulatory policies ...
After months of litigation and political scrutiny, the Federal Reserve yesterday ended a policy of secrecy over its Bear Stearns ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has pumped into the rural banking sector of Madhya Pradesh a ...
Signaling a change in nature of complaints being filed with the Insurance Ombudsman for Orissa, there is a gradual increase in ...
CLSA Capital Partners has bought a minority stake in Chennai-based Equitas Micro Finance India for $24 million.
After a road accident, when an insurance surveyor assessed that Ashwin Trivedi should get 75 per cent of the claim for damage to ...
The country’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, on Thursday said credit offtake will pick from July putting ...
Mergers and acquisitions gained momentum in the first quarter with more than 2,034 cross-border transactions and 10 hostile ...
Investing in the new pension scheme (NPS) could become doubly profitable for unorganised sector workers.
RBI may ask banks to keep hybrid instruments out of Tier-I capital.
The state-run lender Union Bank of India today said its total business since inception will soon cross the Rs 3-lakh crore-mark, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will hike short-term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points each in its April policy ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has extended its 8 per cent special home loan scheme, popularly known as ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it plans to hire this fiscal about 15,000 business ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today hiked its interest rates on foreign currency non-resident bank deposits and non-resident external ...
T M Bhasin was today appointed as Public sector Indian Bank's Chairman and Managing Director.
He succeeds M S Sundarajan, ...
The country's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, today said credit offtake will pick from July putting pressure on ...
Tiger Global Management, a New York-based investment company with close to $2 billion in assets under management, has shut its ...
Bangalore, dubbed the Silicon Valley of India, has had many instances of innovative ideas of individuals taking wings and giving ...
Look to expand portfolio this year.
Insurers increase deductibles to lower underwriting losses.
With yields on government bonds closing higher at the end of March over the third quarter (December 2009), most banks are ...
Savings bank account holders are a happier lot.
The reason: They will earn more on their deposits from April.
However, this ...
India’s total external debt increased 11.9 per cent to $251.4 billion as on December 31, 2009, over March 31, 2009, ...
Current account deficit widens slightly to $12-bn in Dec quarter; decline in invisibles continues.
The Nainital Bank has raised Rs 30 crore through a right issue to expand its capital adequacy ratio (CAR) to 14 per cent.
After ...
Power bonds have been issued by various states to PSUs in terms of the tripartite agreements among 27 states, the Union Power ...
The government today infused Rs 1,200 crore in three public sector banks including UCO Bank and Central Bank of India.
As India and China look forward to firm up their diplomatic relations, Industrial Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) announced that ...
Eyeing a larger share of the retail market, private sector lender, Yes Bank has chalked out plans to offer a host of retail loan ...
Savings accounts would yield higher returns starting tomorrow, when banks switch to a new system that calculates interest on ...
Small finance banks need to be set up in order to achieve the government's objective of making banking services available to ...
Insurance companies have played a key role in steadying the bourses during the downturn.
It is not often that the regulator and chief executives of insurance companies come together to discuss issues facing the ...
Policyholders have become cautious and want to ensure that their capital is secured, even though the returns may be low.
The first private equity deal in the Indian health insurance sector is set to be sealed soon.
To encourage insurers to be diligent in their underwriting, India’s sole homegrown reinsurer has offered to share a portion ...
As part of a drive to curtail losses, the four public sector general insurance companies are going in for a makeover.
The focus has changed from the pursuit of new business to reducing cost, improving efficiency and building sustainability.
Axa SA and National Australia Bank Ltd agreed to buy asset manager Axa Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd for A$13.3 billion ($12.3 ...
Listing by end-June, says CEO.
DBS Bank sees its India operations growing at 20-25 per cent over the next couple of years as it realigns its business strategy ...
The Chennai-based group takes hold of the NBFC through TII and New Ambadi Estates.
He would be replaced by the present deputy managing director Srinivas Acharya, the company said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
The rupee appreciated by 3 paise to rise to a nearly 19-month high of 44.92 a $ in early trade today on capital inflows by ...
Anil Ambani-promoted Reliance Life Insurance is understood to be in talks with global insurance players, including Swiss Re, to ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest institutional investor, is planning to pump in at least Rs ...
Current CEO Robinson moves to ANZ.
Any further hike in policy rates by the Reserve Bank of India(RBI) is expected to dampen the demand for the residential real ...
No word on OMOs, but analysts don’t foresee a problem.
Public sector Bank of Baroda (BoB) started marketing a benchmark five-and-a-half-year dollar bonds, becoming the third Indian ...
Taking ahead the process of consolidating associate banks, State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to issue 34 of its shares for ...
Non-resident Indian (NRI)-businessman Surachan Chawla is likely to offload 14.5 per cent of the stake held in Kerala-based ...
Two extra LAF sessions on the cards.
Deccan Grameen Bank (DGB), a regional rural bank sponsored by State Bank of Hyderabad, would add 20 branches in 2010-11 to serve ...
Bank deposits in Tamil Nadu increased 16.54 per cent during the year ended December 2009, to Rs 2,55,735 crore, according to the ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank today said it would open 30 more branches over the next two days and is planning to seek 250 ...
Mumbai, Mar 29 (PTI) Shortly after launching the general insurance business, the country's largest lender State Bank today ...
Dealers said the yield on 10-year benchmark (6.35 per cent 2020 paper) had moved up beyond 8-per-cent mark for a while on Monday ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank today said it is in talks with Max New York Life to acquire up to five per cent stake in the ...
The government has assured the high level committee on financial markets (HLCC) that it will not finalise the roadmap for the ...
Tamil Nadu-based City Union Bank (CUB) is planning to raise around Rs 1,000 crore over the next three years to support its ...
In March alone, 19 banks have been shut down.
SBI General Insurance today launched its operation in a limited geographical area.
It has received regulatory approval for two ...
IDBI Bank and Union Bank are the latest entrants.
Non-payment of loans by small borrowers has led to increase in volume of non-performing assets (NPA) in the banking sector, ...
Taking a cue from its bigger counterparts like State Bank of India and ICICI Bank, Government-owned lender, Bank of India has ...
Focused on grid connected renewable power projects, the Maharashtra Energy Development Agency (MEDA) is gearing itself to achieve ...
Insurance regulator may link solvency margin with management expenses.
The government has identified 13 public sector banks for capital infusion of Rs 16,500 crore during the next financial year.
This ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc and UBS AG were among more than a dozen Wall Street firms involved in a ...
The instances of fake currency detection continue to occur despite a slew of measures initiated by the Reserve Bank of India ...
Catamaran Venture Fund, set up by NR Narayana Murthy, the chairman and chief mentor of Infosys, has made its first investment. ...
“If the bank has to grow at the rate of 30 per cent, we have to increase our capital every three years.
SKS Microfinance, the Indian lender backed by Sequoia Capital, plans to raise about $250 million (Rs 1,150 crore).
Axis Bank has raised $350 million from the global financial market by issuing five-and-a-half-year bonds under its medium-term ...
Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) Chairman J Hari Narayan on Friday acknowledged the difference of opinion ...
Shareholders of the country’s largest mortgage financier, Housing Development and Finance Corporation (HDFC), may be in for ...
Swiss banking major UBS today said it has appointed Lukas Gahwiler as chief executive officer of UBS Switzerland.
The US Department of Treasury plans to sell its 27 per cent stake in Citigroup Inc, says a media report.
The stake selling is ...
Swiss banking major UBS will lay off nearly 200 employees, including 25 managing directors, at its brokerage unit in the US, says ...
Reinstating West Bengal's focus on agriculture, the total priority sector lending for the state for 2010-11 has been projected ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) aims to cover 750 villages of Gujarat with a population less than 2000 people by way of information and ...
IDBI Bank today said it has filed for $1.5 billion (6.82 lakh crore) through a medium-term note (MTN) programme, but would raise ...
Gaining traction from the economic turnaround, the annual growth in bank credit has for the first time exceeded the Reserve Bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the banking sector was in a position to withstand asset quality stress even if loans ...
Given that companies today operate in a climate of increased global economic volatility, it is critical they hedge their exposure ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it was ideally placed to address financial stability issues on account of the multiple ...
For the first time, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said it should be privy to information on activities of investment banks ...
Regulator may ask banks not to reckon hybrid capital
as part of Tier-I capital.
If you are planning to buy your dream home, you still have something to cheer about amidst the buzz that lending and property ...
Inflation prime worry; capital flows not a concern at present.
A day after Bank of India revived its medium-term note (MTN) issue, private sector lender Axis Bank today announced that it ...
IDBI Bank would watch market conditions till this month-end before taking a call on its lending rates, a top bank official said.
The banking sector is resilient enough and even in a worst-case scenario where all restructured standard loans were to become ...
There could be pressure on yields on the back of emergent pressures on the inflation front and the large fiscal borrowing ...
Home-loan borrowers may yet have a reason to cheer.
Public sector Indian Bank today launched Visa Business Card for Corporates and Small and Medium Enterprises.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) indicated another round of policy rate increases with Governor D Subbarao suggesting more ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) is aiming at a business turnover of Rs 48,000 crore in the next financial year, according to its ...
ICRA Online (ICRON), a subsidiary of rating firm ICRA, and Belgium-based Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial ...
Indian Bank has launched Visa business cards for corporate and SME clientele segments.
It also launched ATM cards for its ...
Barclays continues to be optimistic about its prospects in the country.
This despite the fact that its experience as a commercial ...
With easing of spreads in global capital markets, Bank of India (BoI) is back with its foreign currency bond offering to raise ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is open to overseas acquisitions in case there is synergy in businesses.
Portugal’s credit grade was cut by Fitch Ratings, underscoring growing concern that Europe’s weakest economies will ...
Chinese executives are joining US President Barack Obama in backing a stronger yuan, even as Premier Wen Jiabao says the currency ...
Banking facilities are still a distant dream for a majority of the Indians despite the nationalization of banks in 1969 and to ...
Likely to kick off operations in end-March or early April.
The government has allowed India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) to use approximately one-third of its Rs 10,000-crore ...
Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City President Thomas Hoenig urged the US to ban proprietary trading at banks and overhaul ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has committed $1.5 billion (around Rs 6,900 crore) to telecom giant Bharti to part finance its ...
The US Treasury Department is likely to label China as a currency manipulator in a report due in mid-April, but the move would be ...
State Bank of India (SBI), India's largest lender, is open to overseas acquisitions in case there is synergy in businesses.
As Germany becomes isolated in its opposition to the European Union's financial support to bail out debt-ridden Greece, ...
Private sector lender Bank of Rajasthan (BoR), which is neck-deep in regulatory troubles, is understood to have identified two ...
In an effort to clear hurdles to starting a repo market for corporate bonds, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the ...
High returns, safety of the Indian papers add to the lure.
The risk aversion of individuals and the implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission’s recommendations are showing on small ...
Public sector bank Bank of Baroda (BoB) has launched a Mobile Micro Loan Factory (MMLF) in Sultanpur district of Uttar Pradesh as ...
This would value the insurance company at close to Rs 4,000 cr.
Global investment banker Goldman Sachs is keen to set up a bank in the country and has approached the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will approach the government next fiscal to seek approval to ...
Daniel Coleman, the global head of equities at Swiss bank
UBS is stepping down after 24 years at the bank.
One year into the job, Mark Robinson, CEO of Citi South Asia, has put in his papers, according to sources.
After a slump in sales in January, life insurance companies saw 36 per cent rise in new premium income during February.
The yield on government bonds eased towards close after the 10-year benchmark yield jumped to near 18-month high in a knee-jerk ...
Economists say RBI to raise policy rates in annual policy statement in April.
Thrissur-based Dhanlaxmi Bank on Monday entered the retail assets business with the launch of Dhanlaxmi Bank Platinum and Gold ...
State Bank of India is the only other Indian lender to enjoy this status.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said its recent hike in key short-term rates was needed to make growth sustainable as ...
Financial services firms are expecting a further hike in the key rates in April by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which last ...
Kerala-based private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank today said it would raise Rs 200 crore in last week of March from bonds to ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said financial understanding has assumed greater importance in the wake of the global ...
Financial services major Citigroup plans to hire Nomura Holdings' Colin Banfield as its head of mergers and acquisitions for the ...
PSB may get its first non-Sikh at the helm, vigilance clearances awaited.
The surprise rate hike last week by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised worries about banks having to set aside higher ...
The Karnataka Central Cooperative (KCC) Bank, the district central cooperative bank for Dharwad, Haveri and Gadag districts, will ...
The diversified Neesa Group, which operates 10 business and leisure hotels under Cambay brand across India, will invest Rs 100 ...
US insurers, holders of more than $2.2 trillion in corporate debt, bought the bonds at the fastest pace in five years in 2009, ...
Public sector bank Bank of Baroda (BoB) will increase its branch network to over 700 in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
The intentions of the policymakers to uplift the economically weaker sections by extending financial help under the differential ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance, promoted by Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and the British firm Legal & General, expects to close the ...
"SBI has opened 1,000 branches during this year and plans to open more than 1,000 branches next year," SBI said in a ...
State Bank of India on Saturday said it is awaiting Reserve Bank of India’s clearance to acquire up to 30 per cent stake in ...
But experts say sales momentum to continue.
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said the central bank and other US regulators “failed” during the ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said government bailouts of large financial firms were “unconscionable” and ...
Expects lenders to maintain 3 per cent interest margin.
Ruling out any immediate rise in lending rates, the State Bank of India today said it will wait for the Reserve Bank of India's ...
The government and RBI will ensure a level playing field for existing banks while allowing entry to new players who will have to ...
The country's largest lender SBI today said that it has no plans to hike lending rates immediately, and would wait for further ...
Surprises market with 25-basis-point rise; banks not to increase rates immediately.
Public sector lender UCO Bank has firmed up plans to raise funds through a follow-on public offer (FPO) by issuing 60 million ...
Morgan Stanley Asia Chairman Stephen Roach said that Paul Krugman’s call to push China to allow a stronger yuan is ...
India is likely to witness an over 8 per cent economic growth in the fiscal 2010-11, driven by good investment and consumption ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today raised key policy rates by 25 basis points (bps) to mark a reversal of its easy monetary ...
Rising inflation might put upward pressure on interest rates in the near future, said public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) ...
The US regulator, Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Federal Reserve were warned by Wall Street rival Merrill Lynch ...
Banks today parked over Rs 25,000 crore with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), signalling some ease in liquidity after the payment ...
Officials from the finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will meet tomorrow in Mumbai to finalise new ...
State-run United Bank of India on Thursday made an impressive debut on the exchanges by closing 4 per cent higher than its issue ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday signaled a rate hike to calm rising inflation.
RBI Deputy Governor KC Chakrabarty ...
Accounts for more than half the money raised through disinvestments.
Global investment bank Morgan Stanley today named P Jayendra Nayak, the former chairman and chief executive officer of Axis Bank, ...
Mahindra & Mahindra Finance Services Limited (MMFSL), the financial services arm of the Mahindra group, on Thursday launched ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it may come out with guidelines on new banking licences in about three months.
Factoring in the government’s push to improve its finances and higher growth, Standard & Poor's today revised the ...
These products
would be a mix of Unit-Linked Insurance Plans (ULIPs) and traditional insurance products.
The performance of twelve banks under the Prime Minister’s Employment Generation Programme (PMEGP) was below the state ...
The State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) today approved the road map for Financial Inclusion Plan (FIP) to provide banking ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it may come out with guidelines on new banking licences in about three months.
Wachovia Bank NA will pay $160 million to the US authorities to settle allegations related to its anti-money laundering ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said it plans to recruit over 1,000 personnel, including 500 specialists, by year-end to ...
Credit Information Bureau India (Cibil) today said it has entered into an agreement with 31 microfinance institutions to set up a ...
United Bank of India (UBI) is negotiating with a clutch of asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) to sell bad loans worth Rs 100 ...
Deutsche Bank AG, JPMorgan Chase & Co, UBS AG and Hypo Real Estate Holding AG’s Depfa Bank Plc unit were charged with ...
The All India Regional Rural Banks Employees Association (AIRRBEA) has demanded that 82 regional rural banks across the country ...
Insurers widen age limit to between three months and 65 years.
In a move that took many insurance companies by surprise, the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) today ...
Banks have become more cautious in lending to sugar companies following a sharp fall in prices and are working on a fresh set of ...
The call rate went up marginally, as liquidity remained low in the system following the payment of the fourth installment of ...
The rupee strengthened and the benchmark stock index rallied on optimism that accelerating economic growth will attract overseas ...
Banks are waiting for rates to soften further before reviving their foreign currency bond programmes, although credit spreads for ...
Officials from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the finance ministry will finalise the borrowing calendar for the next ...
YH Malegam, chairman of the National Advisory Committee on Accounting Standards (NACAS), said the panel had sent its ...
Banks may be allowed to invest, QIB cap to be raised.
A consortium of investors led by Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners and partnered by General Atlantic LLC (GA), Goldman Sachs ...
India-focused investor companies continue to face restive financiers.
On the heels of leading lenders raising the rates, the Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today hikes its deposit rates by ...
banking sector.
Financial services firm, the Hartford Financial Services Group, has said it will raise about $3.05 billion in securities to repay ...
Mirae Asset Global Investments (India), today said that it has tied-up with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) to provide its ...
The Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) has upgraded the Hinduja Bank's licence, a move that will allow it to provide a ...
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s biggest bank, paid euro 2.2 billion ($3 billion) in bonuses last year to employees who can ...
Axis Asset Management Co, backed by India’s third-largest non-state bank, plans to triple its assets over the next year as ...
With the financial year coming to a close, commercial banks have hastened work on sprucing the health of balance sheets.
The Hinduja group is looking to acquire KBL European Private Bankers, being sold by Belgium’s KBC.
Receding fears about sovereign debt defaults in Greece, Spain and Portugal and a positive outlook on India’s economy have ...
Will get more powers after the Insurance Act is amended.
Private sector insurance companies have more than three times the outstanding number of death claims on individual insurance ...
Hindalco Industries, India’s largest aluminium maker, has received a loan commitment of over Rs 10,000 crore from more than ...
Now it's any time money for the about 80 lakh account holders of co-operative banks in Gujarat.
In a bid to widen its ATM reach ...
Financial services firm Religare Enterprises today said it will set up its asset management, sales and distribution business in ...
State Bank of India (SBI) tops the list of the highest advance tax-payers while three other public sector entities -- LIC, IOC ...
Country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), is likely to hit the market with its rights issue by the year-end to mop up ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to provide sector-wise details of their non-performing assets (NPAs) and ...
Financial services major Barclays is understood to have preferred Swiss banking entity UBS for acquisition, a week before it ...
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is planning to restructure its balance sheet through a programme which may involve buying back of ...
Banks in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region saw their collective net profit dip by 8.56 per cent to $14.40 billion in ...
SC had ordered a probe into mis-selling of contracts.
The proposal was taken up in view of the problems faced by farmers because of repeated and prolonged power failures.
The proposal ...
Public sector Central Bank of India expects to complete the buyback of its mortgage finance subsidiary, Centbank Home Finance, by ...
The McGraw-Hill Companies is looking to ramp up its presence in the Indian financial and publishing space to increase the share ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) plans to request the finance ministry to exempt reverse mortgage enabled annuity schemes (RMLEA) ...
The Reserve bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to reveal more information on their market operations, including data related to ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Monday said it needs to be ensured that banks do not take ...
“Amongst Asia-Pacific countries, Indian entities have been most active in raising funds mostly from infrastructure projects ...
Banks on Monday parked Rs 4,230 crore through the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) reverse repo window as payment of ...
Market regulator the Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority ...
After hitting the bottom in the first six months of 2009, rates of most non-life insurance products increased during the second ...
West Bengal has fared poorly in most parameters in state-wise comparison of finances by the Reserve Bank of India, even though ...
The equity shares of United Bank of India shall be listed and admitted to dealings on the exchange with effect from March 18, the ...
Rating agency Crisil today said the pace of rise in banks' non-performing assets (NPAs) is likely to slow down in months ahead as ...
Banking major UBS shelled out a total compensation of 68.71 million Swiss francs (nearly $65 million) to its executive board ...
Bank of America (BofA) today said it is likely to infuse capital into Indian operations in the next few months to boost its ...
Private sector bank, Yes Bank, has paid an advance tax of Rs 73-crore for FY 10, up 48.98 per cent over last year's figure.
Financial services firm Bank of America (BofA) is planning to seek approval from China to expand its operations in the ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 13 paise against the dollar in early trade today, following gains in the US currency against its ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the largest public sector bank of the country, plans to invest Rs 500 crore-Rs 1,000 crore in the ...
There is surplus liquidity in the Indian market and the trend will continue in the near future.
“The reverse repo levels ...
After achieving the distinction of having 100 per cent financial inclusion through opening of savings accounts, Ganjam district ...
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao rebuffed calls for the yuan to appreciate and sought assurances that the US will protect the value of ...
Banking regulator Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) attempts to keep anti-competitive practices watchdog Competition Commission ...
Hinduja Bank Middle East was today granted category one license by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA), upgrading it ...
Britain's biggest bank HSBC is accused of quickening the fall of Lehman Brothers by demanding billions of pounds in collateral ...
After tightening regulatory oversight over urban cooperative banks (UCBs) through its pact with state governments, the Reserve ...
India is among the world's top three preferred investment destination, but equity caps limit the size of potential inflows, ...
Cooperative banks can play a bigger role than scheduled commercial banks in achieving financial inclusion, a senior RBI official ...
Banks’ exposure to mutual funds (MFs) fell around Rs 11,000 crore in the fortnight ended February 26, as lenders strove to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has signed an agreement with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to purchase notes worth up to ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc helped cause the failure of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc by demanding more collateral ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit said the US Treasury Department will be free to sell its 27 per cent stake in ...
Country's foreign exchange reserves jumped marginally to $278.431 billion for the week ended March 5 from $278.357 billion in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has entered into an agreement buy up to $10 billion (over Rs 45,000 crore) worth notes from the ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 17 paise to 45.44 dollar in the early trade today in line with other firming Asian currencies ...
State-owned bank State Bank of India (SBI) plans to reach 1,000 branches in the Chandigarh circle next financial year.
Thiruvananthapuram-based Technopark has tied up with a consortium of four banks - Indian Bank, Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB), ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) no-frills savings accounts initiative is likely to handle around Rs 1 lakh crore ...
The 10-year bonds were little changed, with yields near a 17-month high, on concern investors will pare their holdings as ...
The Ministry of Finance is perplexed that bond yields have surged, although the government has earmarked, what it believes, a ...
Public-sector lender Bank of India (BOI) has increased interest rates on big-ticket (wholesale and bulk) deposits by 75-150 basis ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) doesn’t expect managing next year’s record government borrowings to be a ...
Anil Ambani’s venture fund plans to invest in areas including clean technologies as it doubles investments over the next ...
The controversy over its founder promoter P K Tayal, who was banned by market regulator Sebi from the securities market for false ...
The ongoing Greek debt crisis has rent fissures in the European Union (EU) and exposed the weakness of what was until recently ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which has kicked off its programme on financial education among school and college students in ...
The state had sought Rs 40,000 crore from the commission.
Top officials here are of the view that if the allocated funds are ...
Stuart Gulliver, head of HSBC’s global investment banking business, is planning to give away the £9 million bonus he ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today signed a $10-million (around Rs 46 crore) deal with the city-based ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has got the permission from the Chinese authorities to lend in the local currency, the ...
Bank to decide on special home loan scheme by month-end.
Avishkaar Venture Capital, a micro-finance industry (MFI)-focused venture capital (VC) fund, is planning to hit the market with a ...
As many as 31 microfinance institutions (MFIs), including the top 10 in the country, have come together to set up Microfinance ...
After real estate, private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) players are holding on to their investments in information ...
Buyout funds sitting on half a trillion dollars committed by investors may need more than a decade to put the money to work if ...
With lenders pushing for loans to meet their annual targets, bank credit flows increased by Rs 37,465 crore during the second ...
The rupee strengthened for the seventh time in eight days after foreigners increased holdings of local stocks to a record this ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the proposed new base rate, which will replace the benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) ...
British insurer Standard Life Plc today said it will look at increasing stake in the Indian insurance joint venture with HDFC and ...
Credit growth of banks rose by 15.5 per cent at Rs 31.78 lakh crore for the fortnight ended February 26, raising expectations ...
Aegon Religare Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Netherlands-based Aegon and India's Religare Enterprises, plans to double ...
Aegon Religare Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Netherlands-based Aegon and India's Religare Enterprises, plans to double ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), would prefer a rights issue to raise funds for business growth rather ...
Commodity exchanges MCX, NCDEX and ICEX have reduced trade timings by 25 minutes for non-agricultural commodities to align with ...
Ten-year bonds rose for the first time in three days, as yields at the highest in 17 months lured buyers.
IDBI Bank hoped to raise $250-300 million (Rs 1,680 crore)through a medium-term note (MTN) programme, but would wait until market ...
The four public sector general insurance companies — New India Assurance, National, United India and Oriental Insurance ...
Tax payment, bank credit, NMDC issue to suck out cash over next three weeks.
Considering the slow progress of ‘Debt Swap Scheme’, the banks in Punjab have decided to adopt a block in each ...
Plans to apply for these in Singapore and Hong Kong, too.
In the Union Budget last month, the government had proposed to infuse Rs 16,500 crore into public sector banks to help them ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to amend its rules to pre-empt non banking finance companies (NBFCs) from misusing the ...
As part of its efforts to rationalise costs and divest non-core assets, ICICI Bank has sold a property located at Prabhadevi in ...
Seeking to distance itself from a controversy over Tayal Group's shareholding in it, Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) today said the ...
Mirae Asset Global Investments (India) has appointed Gurpreet Singh as its National Sales Head.
The country's premier bourse, Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), today launched its Sensex mobile streamer, a platform that would allow ...
The rupee eased by 3 paise against the dollar in early trade today after a six-day rally on fresh capital outflows by foreign ...
The rupee advanced to the strongest level in almost eight weeks on speculation that accelerating economic growth will attract ...
India plans to accelerate sales of state assets to about one a month and tighten requirements for investment banks competing to ...
For the first time in 17 months, the yield on the benchmark 10-year government paper crossed the 8 per cent mark on Monday, ...
Private sector Axis Bank had initiated talks with investors to spin off its private equity (PE) business as a separate entity, ...
The Reserve bank of India (RBI) would work with all stakeholders and study global experience in formulating guidelines for new ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has tightened its grip on the working of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) further by appointing two ...
A complete decontrol of lending rates was not possible currently, but it might be possible when the country achieved double-digit ...
Still confused over parameters to set the rate.
A study by Visa, a global payment technology company, found out that Indian consumers adopt safe payment practices such as ...
The government today introduced the State Bank of India (Amendment) Bill in Parliament to give SBI more leeway to raise capital ...
The pilot ‘Weather Based Crop Insurance Scheme’ (WBCIS), which is aimed to insure wheat farmers in Haryana against ...
To pay $6.8 bn in cash and $8.7 billion in equity securities.
Macquarie Capital today announced the appointment of Gaurav Gupta as Head of India for Macquarie Capital Advisors.
According to a study by Higher Education Forum (BEF) there are gaps that exist between the expectations of the employers and ...
Public sector insurer Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) expects about 18 per cent growth in premium income, and 20 per ...
State-owned Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is likely to seek a licence to float a bank when the Reserve Bank of India ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, is expecting a mark-to-market (MTM) loss of Rs 500-700 crore ...
The government would make a capital infusion of over Rs 1,000 crore in three public sector banks including UCO Bank and Central ...
L&T group firm L&T Mutual Fund today said it plans to introduce a couple of schemes, which will be a mix of debt and ...
The country's banking sector, which was rattled by the financial turmoil, continues to remain shaky, with small and medium ...
Bank of India has tied up with Reliance Mutual Fund to distribute and market the latter's products through its branches.
The ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) independence and monetary policy role would not be impacted by the creation of the ...
The final placement process at IIM-Calcutta (IIM-C) kicked off to an expectedly positive start today with top financial and ...
Heeding to the request from banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today postponed the implementation of the proposed base rate ...
Pledges property crackdown to rebalance the economy away from investment and infrastructure spending.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it has received approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to open representative office ...
Banks will now implement base rate system from July 1, 2010, RBI Deputy Governor Usha Thorat said here.
State-owned Bank of Maharashtra hopes to get from the government around Rs 1,800 crore, which would help the lender augment its ...
The venture capital (VC) industry is optimistic about renewed investments this year, with focus shifting primarily to the green ...
The rupee gained 4 paise against the dollar in the early trade today in line with other firming Asian currencies amid continued ...
Rajesh Khanna, managing director for Warburg Pincus India, has quit the firm.
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s biggest bank, plans to double the assets it manages for wealthy Indians living overseas to $10 ...
Private sector banks raise rates by 25-50 bps.
Serious political differences and time constraints will prevent the Manmohan Singh government from passing the contentious ...
Ten years after it quit, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) on Thursday announced that it has received in-prinicple ...
RBI, bankers to meet on Thursday to discuss implementation of new regime.
Country's two leading private lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank today raised lending rates for auto loans, in a clear signal that ...
The Finance Ministry today said that the proposed Goods and Services Tax rate is likely to be higher than 12 per cent, which was ...
With the April 1 deadline to migrate to the base rate model fast approaching, bank chiefs are likely to raise concerns about the ...
The rupee appreciated by five paise to 45.77 a dollar in the early trade today in line with other rising Asian currencies amid ...
In order to restrict the undisclosed exposure of non-life insurers, General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC), the national ...
In what would be the first instance of equity-raising in India by an overseas-listed company, UK-based Standard Chartered Plc. ...
Excluding proceeds from the sale of the bank’s mutual fund recognised in the 2008 results, the growth in operating profit ...
Raising target from 11,000 to 25,000 will take care of retirements and positions at new branches.
Aegon Religare Life Insurance (ARLI), a joint venture of the Netherlands-based Aegon and India’s Religare Enterprises ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned six tribal development programmes in West Bengal ...
When the promotor family of retail chain Nilgiris dragged the private equity (PE) investor, Actis, to the Company Law Board ...
Credit rating agencies must disclose details of revenues, especially those that involve conflict of interest such as fees ...
Some of the major life insurance companies have replied to the market regulator Sebi's show-cause notice issued to them on the ...
UK-based financial services company Prudential Plc, which has a life insurance joint venture with ICICI, today said its ...
The British banking major Standard Chartered today said the profit from its Indian operations grew to $1.06 billion (around Rs ...
The country's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, today said it expects credit offtake to pick up from the next fiscal.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc analysts are likely to be proven wrong on forecasting 3 percentage points of interest-rate increases in ...
Advance tax, inflation, RBI moves weigh on market.
Deutsche Bank has forecast that the key domestic equity index of the Bombay Stock Exchange, Sensex, might touch the 22,000-mark ...
Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling urged pay restraint and moderation from UK banks, and still they raised
American International Group Inc’s plane-leasing business is pursuing the potential sale of aircraft for around $3.5 ...
American International Group Inc’s biggest asset sale since the insurer’s 2008 government bailout reduces pressure on ...
India Infrastructure Finance Co Ltd (IIFCL), a state-run entity that extends loans at preferential rates, may use $500 million ...
A day after Prudential bought out AIG’s Asia arm, AIA, top executives of both AIG and Tata AIG met the Insurance Regulatory ...
The All India IDBI Officers Association has filed a writ petition before the Bombay High Court challenging the bank’s ...
Public sector UCO Bank might raise funds through a qualified institutional placement (QIP) instead of the proposed follow-on ...
Twelve candidates have been identified for the job of executive directors in state-run banks.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is trying to crack down on violations of norms regarding overall ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to increase its short-term interest rates by April as part of its strategy of exiting ...
Global banking major HSBC's India operations reported a massive 44 per cent decline in net profit at $374 million in 2009, due to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked lead banks, which plan and formulate credit plans at district levels, to focus on ...
The Tata Group today said it is studying the decision of its insurance partner American Insurance Group (AIG) to sell the Asian ...
The Tatas will have to either buy out the 26 per cent stake in its life insurance joint venture or rope in another partner if ...
To restructure its sagging business and repay its $182.3-billion bailout, the once global insurance leader American International ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee wants to extend the geographic coverage of banks and told the Lok Sabha during his Budget ...
Chief minister K Rosaiah on Monday asked officials to ensure that the Hyderabad metro rail project meets the deadline.
The government’s decision to roll back tax on unrealised gains on the investment income of non-life insurers has brought ...
The regional office of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at Thiruvananthapuram conducted special outreach programmes in 11 villages of ...
Past may be no prologue for Treasury investors when Federal Reserve policy makers begin to withdraw their unprecedented monetary ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is seriously mulling a proposal to provide Credit Plus services ...
ICICI Bank was the largest recruiter at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) final placements’ third ...
With mixed signals coming from the Union Budget, traders expect inflation to be the main trigger for the bond markets, going ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to announce its draft guidelines on the compensation packages of private sector bank ...
The Tatas will have to either buy out the 26 per cent stake in its life insurance joint venture or rope in another partner if ...
Insurance major Prudential is in talks to buy the Asian unit of American International Group (AIG) for an estimated $30 billion, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to announce draft guidelines on the compensation packages of the private sector bank ...
Over a dozen non-banking finance companies, including those from industrial houses like Tatas, Birlas, Anil Ambani-led Reliance ...
Of this, Rs 15,000 crore will come from the World Bank.
In my view, this Budget has tremendous clarity as to what this government will do over the next few years.
I would rate this as a fine Budget with lots of positives and very few wrinkles.
The notion of the government playing the role of ...
Experts think the move is a good opportunity for investment bankers.
RBI to issue guidelines soon, will insist on diversified holding.
This is a Budget
that will cheer most constituents and yet it is a responsible Budget.
It satisfies the conservative fiscal ...
The Budget has not disappointed the market, which is a departure from previous years.
It has been presented against conflicting ...
On the revenue side, rolling back some of the excise tax cuts from last year is appropriate at this juncture.
The target of Rs ...
The finance minister should be congratulated for presenting a Budget proposal that explicitly states the government’s ...
Move to lower costs for investors.
Debt relief scheme extended for another six months.
With an eye on being an enabler, the government has focused on more equitable development, more social spends, increasing the ...
Someone once said a Budget should not aspire to be a dream Budget – dreams are ephemeral – but should aspire to be a ...
The Finance Minister has been proactive in providing Rs 16,500 crore for capitalization of banks.
It would ensure both the ...
Financial Stability Development Council won’t affect independence: Thorat.
New inter-regulatory body planned.
The debt market sprung a surprise with hardening of bond yields as market players were gripped by inflation fears on account of ...
The only worry is rising inflation, which may push the cost of funds for companies.
The rupee appreciated against the dollar by 9 paise to 46.31 in early trade today, tracking other firming Asian currencies.
The country’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, today raised deposit rates by 25-50 basis points (bps), a week ...
P J Nayak, former chairman and CEO of Axis Bank, is the Business Standard Banker of the Year for 2009.
Nayak was the unanimous ...
As part of its recast, the bank has divided its global businesses into a core group, which the bank plans to retain and the ...
Title sponsor Hero Honda is leaving no room for losses from the Hockey World Cup.
RBI faults bank on KYC, anti-money laundering counts.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) imposed a penalty of Rs 25 lakh on Bank of Rajasthan for violating norms related to acquisition ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), in which the UK government owns majority stake, saw its loss narrowing down to 765 million ...
Global financial services major Citigroup's India equities Head, Nikhil Nagle has resigned from his position.
Signalling hardening of interest rates in the industry, India's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank today hiked its deposit ...
Citigroup today said it has appointed Joanne Allen as Head of Human Resources (HR) for its Australia and New Zealand operations.
The government today said it has accepted recommendations of the 13th Finance Commission, which called for greater share of ...
Mutual funds (MFs) saw a turnaround in 2009 with net resources mobilised rising to Rs 1.43 lakh crore compared to withdrawals in ...
After a lull in 2008, Indian equities once again became the favourite bet for foreign funds, who pumped in nearly Rs 88,000 crore ...
Total trading volume at the country's two leading bourses, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange (NSE), ...
Domestic equity markets are fast integrating themselves with the major global peers, a trend that helped in larger capital ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has promised a delegation of urban cooperative bankers that their demand for some relief from ...
The rupee depreciated by 4 paise against the dollar in early trade today following the US currency's gains overseas.
The insurer is hoping to keep the price of the policy low by restricting the choice of hospitals, and covering only major ...
Credit card issuers are no longer in the midst of a recession and are wooing new customers with eye-popping offers: Save up to 25 ...
State Bank of India (SBI) may go for a rights issue in the next financial and will start discussions with the government after ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), is looking to acquire a significant stake in Tata Motors Finance ...
Life insurance companies are pushing universal life polices (ULP) to fill the gap created by the retreat of small-ticket ...
India will borrow a record Rs 4.6 lakh crore ($99.3 billion) in the next financial year as debt payments double.
Keeping with the improvement in economic growth, the outstanding bank credit in the 15 days up to February 12 rose by Rs 22,596 ...
Value of deals jumps 303% in January 2010 over January last year.
Global banking major HSBC is expected to scrap the 36-per cent pay hike to its Chief Executive Michael Geoghegan due to ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said it would set aside about 60-70 per cent of its annual capex ...
The bonuses doled out by Wall Street firms shot up 17 per cent in 2009, while entities such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley ...
Association of Mutual Funds in India (Amfi) has created a post of chief executive officer and has appointed H N Sinor to this ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is eyeing a significant stake in Tata Motors Finance, a top bank official said.
Axis Bank announced the launch of mobile payment solution using its debit cards.
The company claims that it is the first bank to ...
India's premier bank, State Bank of India (SBI), needs to raise around Rs 40,000 crore of capital over the next five-years and ...
Exposure of Indian banks to crisis-hit Dubai World is in the range of $275-300 million and it will not have any material impact ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said the fiscal stimulus greatly helped the economy withstand the impact of the slowdown ...
Cheques will have more security features like water marks and invisible logo with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deciding to ask ...
Thanks to the cap on overall charges on unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips), which was effective from the beginning of this year, ...
Large companies may be tempted to borrow abroad to cut their borrowing costs, which could go up once banks come up with new base ...
These days bankers no longer perform the ritual of visiting the Capital with their quarterly performance files.
And, they hardly ...
At least a dozen executive directors have also been shortlisted.
A village adoption scheme was introduced by the banks in 1960s in India with a view to enhancing their visibility besides ...
Manipal Universal Learning, the corporate education arm of the Manipal Group, has raised Rs 200 crore from the private equity ...
Foreign currency loans by the Indian companies declined 15.3 per cent to $1.32 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) in January 2010 from ...
When a congressional panel convened a hearing on the government rescue of American International Group Inc in January, the public ...
Axis Bank's private equity arm Axis Private Equity is mulling to separate itself from the parent company in the coming weeks ...
Public-sector life insurer Life Insurance Corporation of India's new business premium declined 53.45 per cent at Rs 4,841,42 ...
British banking major Lloyds Banking Group's chief executive Eric Daniels has become the latest banking boss to waive his 2.3 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today prescribed enhanced security features and standardised fields for bank cheques to help ...
The state-owned United Bank of India (UBI) plans to leverage the branch network of its four associate regional rural banks (RRBs) ...
Citigroup Global Markets today announced the appointment of nine persons to its equities team to strengthen its sales and ...
Indians have always been reluctant buyers of life insurance.
But they are ever ready to lap up plans linked to their ...
Engineering and construction major Larsen & Toubro (L&T) said on Monday it was planning to either list or sell stakes in ...
Country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said the proposed base rate for the bank seemed to be around 8 per ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI), which is targeting a business Rs 12,00,000 crore in the next five-six years, plans to ...
Public sector banks, which used to see their top posts lying vacant for months, have started experiencing a change.
High margins, growing demand add to the attraction.
Life insurance companies have replied to the notices issued by the market regulator, the Securities Exchange Board of India ...
The overall credit deposit ratio (CD) of commercial banks in Punjab witnessed a decline of 2.1 per cent from 71.5 per cent as on ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India (UBI) will hit the capital market tomorrow with an initial share sale offer to raise up ...
May take up MF issue with Seb.
Life insurers have called for a level-playing field vis-a-vis mutual funds and said the government should levy service tax only ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said more security features will be introduced to make cheques tamper-proof and prevent ...
State-run United Bank of India today said it expects Rs 500 crore financial assistance from the government by the March-end.
Country's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank today said its loan growth in the next financial year could go up to around ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said that the proposed base rate for the bank seems to be around 8 per ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland, majority-owned by the British government, Chief Executive Stephen Hester will forgo his bonus for ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India (UBI) will hit the capital market tomorrow with an initial share sale offer to raise up ...
With a view to strengthen its foothold in the domestic market, the US-banking major Citibank is mulling the infusion of a ...
The Mangalore-based private sector lender, Karnataka Bank, has launched four new products and inaugurated 10 new ATMs across the ...
The South African Tourism Department is bullish that by the year 2012 number of tourists from India will double to 100,000. ...
Ahead of the Budget, the insurance industry has urged the government to move ahead with the proposal to raise foreign direct ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, the investment bank liquidating in bankruptcy, paid its lawyers and other advisers $641.9 million ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Vikram Pandit and executives from GMAC Inc are scheduled to testify before the panel ...
Concerned over the rise in bond yields which can cause mark-to-market losses, State Bank of India Chairman OP Bhatt today said ...
The country's largest public sector lender State Bank of India (SBI) is likely to carry on its hiring spree to the next fiscal as ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today said lending rates are unlikely to rise in the next 3-4 months as hiking rates ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today reduced the ceiling rate on export credit in foreign currency by banks to Libor plus 200 ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is likely to set up a committee to standardise the format of reporting ...
In an interview last week, President Obama said he didn’t begrudge Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorganChase, and ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India (UBI) has been exempted by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) from ...
Banks would have to move to the daily product method of calculating interest on savings account deposits from April 1, the ...
The country’s second-largest private sector lender, HDFC Bank, today increased fixed deposit (FD) rates across nine ...
Bank of America Corp and UBS AG, which eliminated jobs over the past two years as they received government aid, are luring ...
The Federal Reserve Board sent its most explicit signal yet that the emergency supply of liquidity to financial markets is done ...
The public sector Bank of India (BoI), which targets to take its business to about Rs 12 lakh crore in next 5-6 years, mulls to ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) today said it is awaiting market regulator Securities and Exchange ...
The move will enable saving bank account holders to earn better interest rates since banks currently calculate interest on these ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce today said it expects net profit of the bank to cross the landmark level of Rs 1,000 crore ...
Experian Credit Information Co has received the final approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to set up a credit bureau in ...
The Indian Bank’s Association (IBA) plans to form a company to gather information on loss data from banks to help them ...
Following an Orissa High Court order, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has begun investigation into the role of banks in ...
Housing finance companies (HFCs), which rely heavily on banks for funds, have said that loans taken by them should be exempted ...
The ratio of semi-urban areas witnessed an increase of 5.61%.
Chennai-based True Value Homes (TVH) is planning to invest around $750 million (Rs 3,450 crore) in various residential projects.
The global reinsurance and financial services group SwissRe returned to back with a 506-million Swiss francs profits in 2009 from ...
Japanese commercial banks reported a record 272,326 transactions to the police in 2009 as possible moneylaundering cases, up 15.8 ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc managed $15 billion of bond sales for Greece after arranging a currency swap that allowed the government ...
BC Partners, the London-based private equity firm, hired four banks to finance its purchase of a majority stake in ...
The risk weight on banks’ VC investments may rise to 200% from 150% now.
Dutch financial services major ING today reported a net loss of 712 million euro ($980.4 million) in the October to December ...
The rupee appreciated for a sixth day, the longest winning streak in almost nine months, as stock gains spurred optimism overseas ...
The natural catastrophe pool being set by General Insurance Corporation (GIC) for insurance and reinsurance companies in Africa ...
L&T Finance Ltd (LTF), the financial services arm of engineering major Larsen & Toubro, would increase its loan book size ...
To offer 5 per cent discount to retail investors.
IndusInd Bank is contemplating an entry into credit cards and personal loans in the next financial year, according to a senior ...
Although non-performing asset (NPA) levels in asset-backed loans seem to be stabilising, NPAs in personal loans are likely to ...
Uncertainty over the interpretation of the latest guidelines on re-pricing of existing foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) ...
Hinduja Swiss Holding today said it has acquired Swiss bank Banca Commerciale Lugano (BCL), which will be merged with its ...
L&T General Insurance is ready to launch its operations in the next three-five months, a top company official said.
Banks have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to allow time till July to implement the proposed base-rate model, which was ...
The pending $15-billion sale of American International Group's (AIG) life-insurance unit to MetLife is facing tax issues that may ...
Consent of loan defaulters is not necessary for financing companies before selling off vehicles purchased on hire-purchase ...
Dutch financial services major ING today reported a net loss of euro 712 million ($980.4 million) in the October to December ...
The Bahrain Financial Exchange (BFX), the first Multi-Asset exchange in West Asia and North Africa, has appointed an Indian ...
The rupee gained 23 paise against the dollar in early trade today in line with other firming Asian currencies.
Questions market regulator’s showcause to insurers on conceptual, legal, structural grounds.
The country’s largest insurer LIC today said it would pump in about Rs 10,000 crore in the stock markets by March, taking ...
The insurance and capital market regulators are likely to finalise the much-awaited listing norms for insurance companies at a ...
The 10-year bonds rose, snapping a five-day slide, as yields near the highest level in 16 months attracted investors.
With stock markets remaining volatile, guarantees linked to equity investment are gaining popularity in the life insurance space. ...
India Infrastructure Finance Co Ltd (IIFCL) plans to appoint a consultant to advise the company on treasury operations and ...
Reasons: Low housing demand, book-now-pay-later housing schemes.
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said the proposed base rate mechanism to replace benchmark ...
Financial services major Barclays Plc today posted a robust profit of 6.87 billion pound ($10.77 billion) for the three months ...
Aviva Life Insurance, a joint venture between Dabur Group (74 per cent) and Aviva Group (26 per cent) with current paid up ...
The euro was lower against the dollar in Asian trade today as investors waited to see whether European finance ministers would ...
The rupee today gained 5 paise against the dollar in early trade on capital inflows into the stock markets.
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s biggest bank, introduced a sliding scale forcing top bankers to defer a bigger proportion of ...
Over 3,000 officers and the management of state-run National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) are at ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has embarked on its biggest ever human resources (HR) audit programme to take a complete re-look ...
Mergers and acquisitions (M&As) among private equity companies are on the rise.
The total value of M&A and PE (including ...
18% reduction in workforce aimed at lowering expenses.
Axis Bank is eyeing geographies like the UK, West Asia and Sri Lanka for overseas expansion.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not in favour of foreign institutional investors’ entry into currency derivatives, even ...
Yield on 10-year govt paper at 16-month high on inflation worries.
Hinting at a “gradualist” approach to financial globalisation, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today ...
The Indian Institute of Banking and Finance (IIBF) is an organisation covered under the RTI Act and must comply with its ...
Japanese financial services major Nomura today said it will buy the natural gas and power trading business of Canada-based Nexen ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc’ investment management co-head Marc Spilker is leaving the firm after two decades and will be ...
The country’s largest life insurer, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), is aiming to collect Rs 18,000 crore through ...
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) plans to enter South Africa and Indonesia to expand its international business ...
The view was nearly unanimous: collective action involving co-ordination among central banks is a must to prevent another crisis ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said the central bank would rework the roadmap for making the rupee fully ...
The euro, the single currency that 16 EU (European Union) countries share, is usually highlighted as one of the main achievements ...
Destimoney Financial Services (formerly Dawnayday AV Financial Services) is planning to foray into asset reconstruction and ...
With increasing capital inflows threatening to put pressure on prices, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would adopt ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today included infrastructure finance companies (IFC) in the category of non-banking finance ...
China ordered banks to set aside more deposits as reserves for the second time in a month to cool the fastest-growing economy ...
Peerless Funds Management Co Ltd (PFMCL) today said it has commenced its mutual fund operations and hopes to break-even in the ...
Major financial groups including JPMorgan and HSBC are sending their private banking chiefs to Asia to focus on opportunities ...
Growing fiscal deficit as a result of governments' efforts to prop up their respective economies has the potential to undermine ...
Sri Lankan born billionaire Raj Rajaratnam, facing charges in an insider-trading probe, has filed an emergency motion in an ...
Amarsinh Shivajirao Pandit, former BJP MLA from Georai and a Diretor of the Beed district Central Co-operative Bank was today ...
The exchange-traded currency derivatives market in India is on a roll, with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and ...
All the branches of the public sector Allahabad Bank will migrate to the Core Banking Solution (CBS) platform by the end of this ...
Introduction of base rate will result in sharp reduction.
L&T Finance, the financial services arm of Larsen & Toubro (L&T), plans to raise around Rs 500 crore more through ...
Cost of funds may come down for small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and go up marginally for large companies once the new rules ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Subir Gokarn on Thursday ruled out any policy action before the central bank’s ...
Come April, the entire credit market could see a marked change.
For starters, farm loans will be extended at a bank’s base ...
State-owned UCO Bank on Thursday invited preliminary bids for appointing merchant bankers for its 60-million-share follow-on ...
Teaser loans may be on their way out with Canara Bank and Union Bank of India opting to withdraw the scheme in anticipation of a ...
Private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank plans to acquire about 70 per cent stake in a mutual fund, a top bank official said here on ...
Banks also request RBI to cut savings banks rate.
Leading state-owned lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) plans to acquire a small-sized bank in Kazakhstan in the near future as ...
Bankers today ruled out any impact on their earnings margins on account of the base rate system proposed by the Reserve Bank of ...
Bankers have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to include infrastructure loans in the category of priority sector advances ...
Private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank plans to acquire about 70 per cent stake in a mutual fund, a top bank official said here ...
Improving market sentiments helped the personal computers (PC) sales rise by one per cent to over 37 lakh units during the first ...
"Please don't expect any action between now and the next announcement unless there is completely unanticipated, unwarranted ...
RBI issues draft norms for shift to base rate.
The government did not plan to issue cash management bills or borrow extra from the bond market as of now, a senior finance ...
IDBI Bank today increased deposit rates by 25 basis points (bps) and also introduced a new slab of 500 days offering 7 per cent ...
Outstanding bank credit in the 15 days up to January 29 rose by Rs 20,000 crore, pointing to a revival in credit growth.
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) today said it might hit the market with a tax-free bond issue next week.
It also said ...
Raps banks for teaser loans; banks’ body yet to respond.
The Federal Reserve may raise the discount rate “before long” as part of the “normalization” of Fed ...
The number of credit cards in the country has fallen by a huge 27 per cent to just over 206 lakh since the start of the last ...
With the shadow of economic slowdown receding, the country's largest private lender, ICICI Bank, has seen a pick up in project ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today proposed to replace the current system of benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) from next ...
The credit growth of banks stood around 14.4 per cent for the fortnight ended January 29, building expectations that it could ...
State-run IDBI Bank today hiked the deposit rates by 0.25 per cent, becoming the first bank to do so after the Reserve Bank of ...
Engineering and construction major Larsen and Toubro (L&T) is likely to start its general insurance business in the first ...
The Federal prosecutors have come up with fresh charges against Sri Lanka-born billionaire Raj Rajaratnam based on new ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it has reasonable tools to tame inflationary expectations, which along with short ...
Peerless Funds Management Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kolkata-based Peerless General Finance & Investment Company, ...
Lured by its 100 per cent growth and the fact that it seems immune from adverse global developments, private equity companies and ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said that the merger of State Bank of Indore with itself ...
ABN Amro has initiated the process of re-branding its retail branches as RBS after receiving the Reserve Bank of India’s ...
After waiting for three years, the government has started working on restructuring IFCI, the country’s oldest financial ...
Capital flows are coming into India at a faster pace than expected, and in such a situation, liberalising the use of funds raised ...
Banks can tweak certain terms on their own.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) aims to achieve a premium collection of Rs 3550 crore in 2009-10 in the eastern central ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development has pegged the total credit potential for various sectors in the state at ...
Prolonged period of fiscal stimulus is bad for the normal recovery of an economy, IDBI Bank Chairman and Managing Director Yogesh ...
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) expects a 37 growth in new premium collection in the ...
After Bank of Baroda, BoI keeps global bond offer on hold; IDBI has second thoughts.
Devesh Kumar has joined Fortune Financial Services (India) as the joint managing director and Group CEO with effect from February ...
Financial services company Morgan Stanley’s Asia chief Stephen Roach is more bullish on Indian economy than China.
He ...
Ther nation's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) said here today that its non-performing assets (NPAs) will continue to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today simplified the external commercial borrowings (ECB) norms allowing banks to alter the terms ...
Country's largest lender SBI today asserted that the Reserve Bank has not objected to "teaser" home loan rates, which ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, today said that the merger of State Bank of Indore with itself will be ...
The farm debt waiver and relief scheme is still haunting banks.
The Reserve Bank of India’s decision to include technical write-offs for the calculation of provision coverage ratio (PCR) ...
39 listed banks see their gross NPAs rise over Rs 15,000 crore in the last 12 months.
Child insurance
is the new buzzword in life insurance.
Seeing huge growth potential in this segment, insurers are pushing sales ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL) has kicked off work on a $1 billion (Rs 4,600 crore) medium term note programme to ...
Banks should have taken the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) intended message on teaser loan rates, said Deputy ...
Insurance companies may increase investments in the nation’s stocks by 24 per cent to a record $21 billion next financial ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the second largest public sector bank in the country, expects to cross a business of Rs 4000 crore in ...
The interest income on investment in these bonds will be exempt from income tax under item (h) of sub-clause (iv) of clause (15) ...
Rush to launch issues before interest rates start rising.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 69.89 crore for infrastructure development as ...
The State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) has initiated steps to begin a renewed drive to achieve financial inclusion in ...
Deutsche Bank plans to expand its equity capital markets and merger advisory operations in Asia to help push regional revenues ...
Private equity funds are looking at emerging markets as their investment destination in 2010, and India has emerged as the second ...
Financial services major Citigroup has begun talks with private equity groups and hedge funds over the sale of $3 billion-worth ...
The rupee appreciated by four paise to 46.69 against the greenback in morning trade on mild selling of dollars from banks on ...
Andhra Bank, one of the leading public sector banks in the country, expects to achieve a net profit of Rs 1000 crore by the end ...
HDFC Bank has rolled out its electronic payment gateway for the Golden Temple, Amritsar.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned West Bengal Rs 857.81 crore during the year ...
The yield on the government bond may continue to remain under pressure on concerns over government’s large borrowing ...
Insurers are venturing alone into the general insurance arena, following tie-ups with global players not working out.
Indian banking is stronger on vital banking parameters than other BRIC nations, according to a survey carried out by industry ...
Bank puts all 13,000 branches on core banking platform.
Since life cover is not meant for children, parents should opt for MFs or FDs.
The advances of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) to Uttar Pradesh touched almost Rs 1,300 crore for ...
The paid-up capital of the Chennai-based general insurer before infusion was Rs 217 crore while authorised capital was Rs 250 ...
One of the leading life insurance companies, Max New York Life, announced the launch of I–Genius, a comprehensive ...
State owned Bank of Baroda cancelled its planned benchmark sale of bonds denominated in US dollars, according to three people ...
Teaser interest rate schemes might have drawn flak from the central bank earlier but the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) now wants ...
The increase in the cash reserve ratio (CRR) has started taking a toll on interest rates, with Axis Bank withdrawing its teaser ...
Interest rates are likely to remain stable, but as liquidity dries up banks may hike the lending rates of short-term loans to ...
The New York Attorney General has filed a lawsuit against the Bank of America (BofA) and its two former top honchos, including ...
The rupee lost 26 paise against the US currency in early trade in line with a meltdown in stock markets.
The country’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, does not see immediate pressure on interest rates, but expects ...
SBI delays acquisition plan, Union Bank still negotiating.
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited (Chola MS) is planning to close the current financial year with a premium of ...
These products are being designed for the individuals as well as corporate customers.
Growth, rising incomes and financial inclusion imperatives fuel a felt need.
State-run Corporation Bank is considering to launch a multi-utility cash card, which can be used as a debit, credit and pre-paid ...
L&T Finance, the financial services arm of engineering and construction major L&T, plans to issue retail bonds, its ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) left its benchmark interest rate at 1 per cent, a record low, and will probably hold off ...
Although it recently offloaded its stake in commodity exchange MCX, the country’s largest foreign lender, Citi, has no ...
Deutsche Bank today said it has returned to profit in the fourth quarter with a net income of euro 1.3 billion (about Rs 8,329 ...
State-run Corporation Bank is considering launching a multi-utility cash card, which can be used as a debit, credit and pre-paid ...
The rupee today depreciated by 8 paise against the US currency in early trade in line with weak stock markets.
Eyes Rs.
Insurer American International Group (AIG) is moving forward with its plans to pay out as much as $100 million in bonuses, ...
The country’s top lenders today said they would review the future of fixed-cum-floating rate schemes in March.
The norm: Cap on expenses at 22% of overall expenses after 5 years of operations.
Around 95 per cent will be paid in stock vesting over three years.
The bank has 875 branches and 32 processing centres in the region.
The country’s leading bankers are optimistic about the long-term prospects but are unanimous in their opinion that the next ...
Hemendra Kothari, the former chairman of DSP Merrill Lynch, is set to acquire Ambuja Cements’ stake in ING Vysya Life ...
Ascent Capital, an established Indian private equity firm focused on growth capital, has closed its Ascent India Fund III with ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has launched ‘SBI Gift Cards’ in Hyderabad.
“The gift cards will work on all Visa ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has withdrawn the facility of short-term foreign currency borrowings provided to non-banking ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has issued $2.5 billion-bonds in the US market to boost its capital resources.
The German Federal Minister for Economy and Technology Rainer Bruederle and the US Treasury Secretary, Timothy Geithner, have ...
Bank of America (BofA) will hire as many as 2,000 more employees to its global wealth management division during the next year, ...
Bank of America will give more than $4 billion as compensation to its investment bankers and traders in 2009, says a media
The rupee today gained 10 paise against the US currency in early trade on capital inflows into the stock markets.
After a lacklustre 2009, when private equity (PE) fund raising was low, India-focused PE funds are set to raise nearly $2 billion ...
India’s education and training market is a $40-billion opportunity for investors.
At a time when interest rates are expected to harden, the country’s largest housing finance company, HDFC, has introduced a ...
Banks have expressed concern over the Competition Commission’s intervention on home loan pre-payment penalty, as they fear ...
The long-standing demand of banks that they be allowed to issue tax-free bonds to fund long-term infrastructure projects may not ...
Low rentals and infrastructure costs attract bankers.
The country’s third-largest private sector lender, Axis Bank, plans to ramp up its fledgling wealth management and private ...
Swiss banks are discovering that the biggest threat to client privacy is their own workers.
Banks have expressed concern over the Competition Commission's intervention on homeloan prepayment penalty issue as they fear ...
The rupee today appreciated by 14 paise against the US currency in early trade on capital inflows into the stock markets.
Panel wants more mandatory checks for more transparency.
The refinance portfolio of Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is likely to touch a figure of Rs 20,000 crore this ...
Private bank Kotak Mahindra Bank is keen on expanding its footprint in Uttar Pradesh.
Citigroup Inc. plans to sell or split off its $10 billion Citi Private Equity unit, expanding the list of money-management ...
RBI declines to loosen exposure limit rules for core sector lending.
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra reported 7 per cent drop in net profit to Rs 112 crore for the quarter ended December ...
Better control on management expenses and income from investments helped top five life insurance companies pare losses in the ...
Mutual funds refrained from purchasing fresh papers on expectation the rates would rise by the end of this month once the ...
State-owned Union Bank, which saw its non-performing assets (NPA) swelling in the last quarter, expects to restrict its gross NPA ...
Governor says inflation pressure may moderate after July, but will be a challenge.
Ignoring a government advisory, IDBI Bank has moved to a variable pay structure for its officers, who will now have a 70 per cent ...
Exchange-traded currency derivatives registered a significant jump in volume today with the introduction of three non-dollar ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) has made it mandatory for insurance companies to disclose the ...
Public sector lender UCO Bank today said it will convene a meeting of its shareholders to decide whether it should come out with ...
With many countries piling up massive debts in the wake of the global crisis, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cautioned ...
Describing the third quarterly performance of the bank as "very positive", ICICI Bank Managing Director and CEO Chanda ...
The US-based financial services major Moragn Stanley plans to hire several hundred traders over the next few years in an effort ...
The rupee today depreciated by 22 paise against the US currency in early trade in line with weak stock markets.
NABARD has asked banks in Himachal Pradesh to increase their credit flow by 20 per cent to the priority sector to achieve the ...
Out of the total business of Rs 4269 crore, deposits stood at Rs 2713 crore while advances were at Rs 1556 crore, a growth of 35 ...
India’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank on Sunday ruled out overseas acquisitions, but said it is open to buying ...
Has capital requirement of Rs 50,000 cr over the next five years.
Public sector Andhra Bank has set up the Rs 1.30 lakh crore business target by the end of the current financial year.
In the backdrop of raging debate on huge bonus payouts, American Express has raised the annual base salary for its Chief ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today said that excess liquidity available with the bank would be a matter of ...
Karur Vysya Bank has reported a net profit of Rs 75.87 crore for the quarter ended December 2009, registering an increase of 28 ...
Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) Bank has posted over 19 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 139.99 crore for the third quarter of ...
Private sector lender City Union Bank on Saturday said its net profit rose by 26.55 per cent to Rs 40.65 crore for the third ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra reported a 7 per cent drop in net profit to Rs 112 crore for the quarter ended December ...
Net profit of the bank stood at Rs 205.72 crore in the third quarter of 2009-10 against Rs 358.37 crore in the corresponding ...
Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of the Reliance-Anil Dhirubhai Ambani (R-ADA) group, reported a 52 per cent fall in ...
State-run National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has asked regional rural banks (RRBs), state cooperative ...
Bollywood stars Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol are all set to ring the NASDAQ bell as the American stock exchange opens for business on ...
The NSE and MCX Stock Exchange will launch futures contracts on additional currency pairs from February 1.
The exchanges have ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell $2.22 million to $282.94 billion during the week ended January 22 on account of ...
UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling said bankers should stop complaining and get to work.
Brian Moynihan, Oswald Gruebel and Josef Ackermann, leaders of some of the world’s biggest banks, met during the World ...
According to the latest data by the reserve Bank of India (RBI), their investment in MF stood at Rs 103,087 crore at the end of ...
Even as some sections of industry found the 75 basis points (bps) increase in the cash reserve ratio (CRR) more than expected, ...
The bond market sprung a surprise with only a marginal rise in yields on a day when the Reserve Bank of India raised the cash ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) reported a 73.81 per cent drop in net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, to Rs 101.7 ...
With budgetary preparations on in full swing, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today advised the Finance Minister to at least ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has done the right thing by hiking the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) by 0.75 per cent to 5.75 per ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao said the hike in the cash reserve ratio (CRR) announced today, would not affect ...
The Reserve Bank today said the agriculture growth will be muted this fiscal on account of the impact of poor monsoon on kharif ...
India is clearly showing strong growth, as outlined by the RBI which stated that the output gap is narrowing with economy ...
Unhappy over the Reserve bank of India's (RBI) more-than-expected 75-basis point hike in cash reserve ratio (CRR) to squeeze ...
Economists were "slightly surprised" by the extent of hike (75 basis points) in mandatory cash reserves of banks held ...
The US Senate has voted to confirm Ben Bernanke as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve for the second four-year term.
The Reserve Bank of India, in its Monetary Policy review today has hiked the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) by 75 basis points (bps) to ...
The flow of resources from other entities to the corporate sector has almost made up for the shortfall in non-food bank credit.
After losing customer accounts to public sector banks at the height of the downturn, private sector banks seem to be on their way ...
The revival in capital flows, which started in financial year 2009-10 and gathered momentum in the second quarter, has remained ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has estimated a credit potential of around Rs 47,451 crore in ...
Despite the economy seeing revival, credit flow to the industrial sector moderated to 14.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis as of ...
RBI says food supply constraints to taper off only over time.
But, Canara and Oriental Bank of Commerce turn the tide on lower provision, rising interest and fee incomes.
But inflation still a worry.
On the back of a lower-than-expected credit offtake, bond issuance by banks in the third quarter dipped sharply.
Contrary to popular perception on interest rate movement, expected to head north following a likely central bank action on ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender, Canara Bank, is aiming to double its home loan portfolio to around Rs 17,500 crore by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may signal the end of easy monetary policy by sucking out some liquidity from the market by way ...
To safeguard the interest of policyholders and ensure transparency, the sectoral regulator the Insurance Regulatory and ...
The leading Kerala-based private sector lender Federal Bank today said its net profit declined by 45.92 per cent to Rs 110.25 ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said it has raised $225 million (about Rs 1,034 crore) through private placement of shares ...
A median forecast released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the pre-policy 'Macroeconomic and Monetary Developments: Third ...
Public Sector lender Central Bank of India today said its net profit declined by 13.25 per cent to Rs 306.44 crore for the third ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI) today said its net profit declined by 53.50 per cent to Rs 405.50 crore for the third ...
Financial services firm, Morgan Stanley today said its Indian Chief Executive and Country Head Narayan Ramachandran will step ...
They were once the top favourites of life insurance companies and their customers due to the potential for high returns from the ...
Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation (IDFC) reported a 46 per cent jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 269 crore ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Wednesday reported a marginal rise in its net profit for the third quarter of the current financial ...
With a modest rise in net interest income (NII) and decline in treasury income, Bank of Borada (BoB) has posted a net profit ...
Doha Bank is planning to expand its operations in India by entering into new segments.
The Qatar-based bank had in 2007 acquired ...
After swelling to a nine-month high in the previous fortnight, the outstanding credit of Indian banks decreased by Rs 11,898 ...
Backed by a healthy growth in core fee-income, Bank of Baroda (BoB), overcame challenging market conditions to post a 17.5 per ...
The credit growth of banks stood at 13.5 per cent for the fortnight ended January 15 compared to 22 per cent in the same period a ...
The US dollar remains under continued pressure from factors such as recovery hopes and inflation worries.
However I question ...
State-owned lender Andhra Bank reported a 29.1 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 275 crore for the quarter ended December 31, ...
Bangalore-based public-sector lender Vijaya Bank reported a 20.65 per cent decline in net profit to Rs 124.57 crore for the third ...
For a sign of how the mood has changed at the World Economic Forum in Davos this week, consider the speakers at an ...
Mauritius has contributed to the largest foreign direct investment (FDI) inflow into the country at over Rs 2,00,000 crore since ...
Federal Reserve policy makers are considering adopting a new benchmark interest rate to replace the one they’ve used for ...
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensitive Index is valued at 20 times estimated profits, higher than China for the first time ...
The year 2009 was a difficult year for Indian merger and acquisition (M&A) deals.
However, it established the supremacy of ...
Ahead of the Reserve Bank’s quarterly monetary policy, global consultancy firm Ernst & Young today said the central ...
SBI Caps heads global loan chart; power sector dominates.
Standard Chartered Bank said the Reserve Bank is likely to raise the amount banks need to mandatorily park with the apex ...
State-owned lender Andhra Bank has reported a 29.1 per cent increase in net to Rs 275 crore for the quarter ended December 2009 ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) reported a 14 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 153.58 crore for the quarter ended December 2009 ...
For the first time in four-and-a-half years, State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, on Monday reported a ...
The central bank may hike CRR by 50 bps; some economists expect a rise in policy rates too.
Bangalore-based public-sector lender Vijaya Bank has reported a 20.65 per cent decline in its net profit to Rs 124.57 crore for ...
Japan's central government is projected to owe at least $10 trillion (973.16 trillion yen) in debt at the end of fiscal 2010, an ...
The rupee today depreciated by 4 paise against the US currency in early trade on continued outflows by foreign funds from ...
Dhanlaxmi Bank, a small private bank, has posted a 92.18 per cent drop in net profit for the quarter ended December 2009 at Rs ...
The yield on government rates may show some volatility ahead of Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) third quarter review ...
The Bajaj Group is gearing up to enter the banking business and considering applying for a licence through its financial services ...
Zooming inflation, a build-up of inflationary pressures and cues from global markets could impel the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
US President Barack Obama phoned Senate allies as two key senators predicted that embattled Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke ...
Even though the national economy is slowly picking up, banks are still seeing increased defaults in the wake of high unemployment ...
A committee appointed by financial regulators has recommended an overhaul of regulatory norms governing credit rating agencies ...
To save for your children, use low-cost investment avenues.
Public sector Corporation Bank on Friday reported an 18.92 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 304.99 crore for the third quarter ...
On the back of a 50 per cent fall in treasury income, state-run Allahabad Bank has reported a 6.5 per cent fall in net profit to ...
But, will help Indian funds get more deals.
Kotak Mahindra Bank will open 16 new branches next fiscal, with six of them coming up in South India, a top official today said.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to squeeze supply of money in the system by asking banks to keep more amount with them, ...
State-run Union Bank of India (UBI) today said it has raised Rs 500 crore through the issue of non- convertible bonds in the ...
The US-based foreign institutional investor T Rowe Price, which recently acquired 26 per cent stake in UTI AMC, will manage the ...
Mumbai, Jan 22 (PTI) The rupee today depreciated by another 23 paise to 46.27 against the US dollar in early trade, extending its ...
State-run Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) has decided to float its initial public offer (IPO) in June, as it seeks to raise Rs 500 ...
If you think your money in savings bank account will be automatically converted into fixed deposits (FDs), think again.
It may ...
Aided by strong growth in sales of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips), new business premium income of life insurers went up by ...
The government has turned down the suggestion of the India Infrastructure Finance Co (IIFCL) to use its refinance facility for ...
Bangalore-based private sector lender ING Vysya Bank on Thursday reported a 16 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 60.6 crore for ...
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services has reported a 111 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit to Rs 97 crore for ...
Backed by robust growth margin and fee-based income, Kotak Mahindra Bank on Thursday reported a 153 per cent rise in consolidated ...
ICICI Bank Managing Director and CEO Chanda Kochhar speaks to Business Standard after announcing the bank’s third-quarter ...
Treasury income, muted net interest income growth result in the fall.
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) reported an 8.93 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 220.98 crore during the quarter ended December ...
Despite a 55.44 per cent rise in its net interest income, the Bangalore-based State Bank of Mysore (SBM), an associate bank of ...
Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is looking at registering 600 million users by 2014.
UIDAI aims to check fraud ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it is not looking at acquisition of any other bank outside ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said it raised $250 million (about Rs 1,140 crore) by private placement of shares to fund ...
Private sector, ICICI Bank, today said its Board of Directors has appointed Homi R Khusrokhan and V Sridar as the non-executive ...
Exim Bank of India has extended a Line of Credit (LOC) of $60 million to the government of Rwanda for financing construction of ...
Bharti Axa Investment Managers today announced the launch of its Bharti AXA Focused Infrastructure Fund.
Foreign lender HSBC today said that there is no immediate pressure on lending rates even if the Reserve Bank squeezes money ...
The rupee today fell by 10 paise to trade at two-week low of 46.03 a dollar in early trade following weakness in stock markets ...
Axis Bank, the country’s third-largest lender, is set to have its own headquarters (HQ) soon.
The bank is close to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to launch 3 million more SBI Tiny cards with biometric identification within a year.
The ...
State Bank of India (SBI), which had lowered its loan growth target in the current financial year on account of low credit ...
Financial services firm India Infoline’s net profit doubled to Rs 59.50 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Muthoot Capital Services has posted a 33 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 1.73 crore in the third quarter of the current ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Hyderabad on Wednesday said its net profit rose 8.93 per cent to Rs 220.98 crore for the third ...
The bank’s net interest income, or the difference between interest earned and interest paid, grew 70 per cent to Rs 211 ...
The government will review the business model of IFCI, the New Delhi-based finance company, before taking a decision on ...
Spurred by good growth in home loan disbursals, the country’s largest mortgage financier HDFC reported a 23 per cent rise ...
The buoyant foreign capital flows in debt instruments since the beginning of 2010 could weigh on the Reserve Bank of ...
The high level coordination committee (HLCC) on financial markets, which consists of financial sector regulators, is likely to ...
The bank had a net loss of $194 million excluding expenses related to repayment of Federal bailout funds.
In the comparable ...
Competition watchdog CCI has asked about two dozen banks and housing finance companies, including SBI, HDFC, ICICI Bank and ...
Yes Bank plans to raise $150-200 million through private placement of shares this fiscal, a senior bank official said.
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said interest rates are likely to remain stable as liquidity is surplus ...
Swiss banking major Credit Suisse has said Neil Harvey will run its asset management business in Asia Pacific and emerging ...
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) warned today against excessive capital inflow in some Asian countries although ...
State Bank of India (SBI), which had lowered its loan growth target in the current fiscal on account of a low credit offtake, ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) today said its net profit rose 8.93 per cent to Rs 220.98 crore for the third ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to announce a "gradual" exit from its easy money stance and may resort to raising ...
Private sector Dhanalaxmi Bank plans to open 50,000 'no-frills' acounts as a part of its overall endeavour towards financial ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has posted a 23 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 671.25 crore for the quarter ...
The company faced solvency margin issues recently.
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s largest bank, may raise salaries for employees by as much as 30 per cent to increase the ...
Citigroup Inc, the US bank that is 27 per cent owned by the Treasury Department, ended a three- quarter profit streak with a $7.6 ...
The investment banking division of HDFC Bank has reached the breakeven point within a year of starting operations.
The division ...
Fourth quarter most active; south India is favourite destination.
Better gains after listing, avoiding pricing pressure on stocks key reasons.
Budgetary sanction may dip below Rs 3,000 crore.
Banking behemoth Citigroup has reported a loss of $7.6 billion for the three months ended December 2009, mainly on account of ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank today denied reports on a takeover move on the bank by IDBI Bank which appeared in a section of the ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, has raised deposit rates on select maturities.
It is the second ...
Account for close to 75 per cent of deposits, advances.
Mangalore-based public sector lender, Corporation Bank, today launched E-Stamping facility in Karnataka as part of its strategy ...
Banks operating in Gujarat registered a robust growth in deposits and as of September 2009, deposits stood at Rs. 2,06,301 crore, ...
While car loans have become cheaper, car companies may raise prices in the coming months.
But the customer still benefits because ...
After RBI’s scheme, banks firm up plans to hire business correspondents, run pilot projects for financial inclusion.
Banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (CDs) on expectations the Reserve Bank of India might hike the cash reserve ...
India Infrastructure Finance Co was likely to finalise the takeout financing scheme within a month and might implement it by the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said that the timing and sequence of exit from an easy monetary policy were still a ...
Subbarao says no need to increase deposit cover limit.
State-owned IDBI Bank is believed to have zeroed in on Kerala-based private sector lender Federal Bank for acquisition.
Private insurance firm DLF Pramerica today announced introduction of eight unit-linked products, including two new single premium ...
Private sector Dhanalakshmi Bank has partnered with Bank of New York to facilitate online remittance services from the US to ...
The multilateral lenders like the World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have agreed to shortly extend $2.4 billion (around ...
Citigroup today appointed Alasdair Morrison, a former head of Moragn Stanley Asia, as Senior Adviser of Citi business in Asia in ...
State-owned IDBI Bank is believed to have zeroed in on Kerala-based private sector lender Federal Bank for acquisition.
Riding high on a resurgence in the stock market and to serve potential investors of the northern states, North India-based ...
A year after it was opened, the first all-women branch of the Uttaranchal Gramin Bank here has already got down to business.
The consolidated farm credit potential in Uttar Pradesh has been pegged at Rs 51,400 crore for the 2010-11 fiscal by National ...
Most people are not surprised with Ajay Adiseshann’s regular use of his mobile handset for paying utility bills and making ...
The yield on government bonds is expected to move in range awaiting fresh signals on monetary policy stance ahead of third ...
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) increasing the cap on mobile banking to Rs 50,000 a day, more than 50 per cent of account ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today met Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee, ahead of the central bank’s ...
China’s foreign exchange reserves surged to a record level in December and new loans exceeded forecasts, raising stakes in ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today exuded hope that a woman would soon occupy the coveted post of the RBI Governor, so far a ...
President Pratibha Patil today asked the Reserve Bank (RBI) to consider evolving a mechanism to give loans to women Self-Help ...
Ahead of the Reserve Bank's (RBI) monetary policy review slated for later this month, central bank Governor D Subbarao today met ...
HDFC Bank’s board today decided to give a three-year extension to Managing Director Aditya Puri.
His term was to end in ...
Axis Bank today announced the appointment of Adarsh Kishore as non-executive chairman.
Kishore, who just returned to India after ...
Wall Street firms, facing pressure from lawmakers and shareholders to rein in pay, may report smaller bonus pools because of ...
Banks withdrew heavily from mutual funds (MFs) in the last fortnight of December.
The reason: High credit growth and provisions ...
Low interest rates helped banks report healthy growth in the third quarter of the current financial year.
It is estimated that peer-to-peer (P2P) lending will soar at least 66 per cent to $5 billion of outstanding loans in the next ...
Presidents of the Urban Co-operative Banks (UCBs) of the three districts of Mysore, Chamarajanagar and Mandya have appealed to ...
Buoyed by a robust 48 per cent growth in its fee-based income, IDBI Bank has clocked a 29 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 287 ...
Banking major JPMorgan Chase & Co today reported a nearly five-fold jump in profit to $3.3 billion in the fourth quarter of ...
The Asian Development Bank today said India is poised for a strong recovery this year and urged policymakers to address rising ...
Major US banks and securities firms are moving towards paying their employees a record sum of about $145 billion in compensation ...
Hinduja group-promoted Indusind Bank today said its net profit rose by 95.38 per cent to Rs 88.04 crore for the quarter ended ...
Citigroup will limit the cash bonuses for its bankers at below $1,00,000 in a move to defuse public uproar over compensation, ...
Axis Bank, India's third largest private sector bank today reported a rise of 31 per cent at Rs 655.98 crore in its net profit ...
The bank had reported a profit of Rs 621.74 crore during the same quarter a year ago, according to a statement to the Bombay ...
ICICI Bank, one of India's largest private sector banks, has invested Rs 250 crore in the Lavasa Corporation, which is a ...
Erasing its early gains, the rupee was trading 11 paise down at 45.73 against the dollar in late morning deals on good demand ...
India’s 10-year bonds rose the most in four weeks after yields at their highest in 15 months lured buyers.
A third to a fifth of the incubated firms make it to the big league.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to allow money withdrawals from the point of sale (PoS) terminals using prepaid cards ...
In a bid to deal with the asset-liability mismatch (ALM), banks today sought concessions from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) has clocked 15.8 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 62.46 crore in the third quarter of the current ...
Approaches government for fresh funds, conversion of bonds into equity.
The European Central Bank today retained its key interest rate at 1 per cent to boost the region's economy, which is slowly ...
Leading bankers today asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) not to squeeze money supply through policy instruments in the ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has shortlisted 3-4 companies for its proposed joint venture to foray ...
Foreign fund house Citigroup Global has sold shares valued over Rs 480 crore of 35 Indian companies, including bluechips like ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) reported a 15.8 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 62.46 crore in the third quarter of current ...
The rupee today gained 21 paise at 45.40 against the dollar in late morning trade on persistent selling of dollars by banks due ...
Centralised recruitment process soon.
The government has shortlisted around 40 general managers (GMs) from public sector banks to be interviewed for promotion as ...
Government-owned Union Bank of India has initiated preliminary discussions with three-four small-sized Indonesian banks for a ...
The government is likely to relax the proposed norms on minimum alternate tax (MAT) for insurance companies.
The finance ministry ...
India’s 10-year bonds gained the most this week, as yields near the highest levels since October 2008 attracted investors.
Ahead of State Bank of India’s proposed bond issue for retail investors, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks ...
The last fortnight of 2009 brought back smile on the face of bankers, as outstanding credit in this period grew at the quickest ...
Mumbai-based realtor, Sunil Mantri Group, is planning to invest Rs 500 crore for its upcoming projects in Bangalore.
With a ...
Automed Systems, which set up its Probiosys Center for Excellence (CoE), aims to raise funds to scale up the CoE for Rs 40-50 ...
Future Generali India Life Insurance, a joint venture between Future Group of India and Generali Group of Italy, is looking at a ...
Portfolio flows are continuing their buoyant run in the new year.
Outflows fell 16.4 per cent in April-Sept 2009 compared to the year-ago period.
The government-owned Union Bank of India (UBI) has initiated preliminary discussions with 3-4 small-sized Indonesian banks for ...
Credit growth of banks remained at 13 per cent for the fortnight ended January 1 compared to 24 per cent in same period a year ...
The US regulator, Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is set to name chiefs for five new specialised investigative units, ...
A hedge fund manager called 'Tipper X' in the insider-trading case involving hedge fund Galleon Group founder and billionaire Raj ...
The rupee today appreciated by 2 paise to 45.69 a dollar in early trade in line with other firming Asian currencies.
China raised the proportion of deposits that banks must set aside as reserves to cool the world’s fastest-growing major ...
Only listed bonds which are rated “AA” and above and have original maturity of at least one year can be used ...
State-owned Corporation Bank is in early talks with the government for a Rs 6,000-crore rights issue, Chairman and Managing ...
IDBI Bank had completed due diligence on a private bank for a possible acquisition, Chairman and Managing Director Yogesh Agarwal ...
The government today said it would act as a patriarch and bless public sector bank mergers that were based on synergy.
For the first time since fixed-cum-floating rate home loan schemes, branded as teaser rates, were introduced in December 2008, ...
The Union government has decided not to make any change in the listing rules for insurance companies till a parliamentary panel ...
The takeout financing scheme of the India Infrastructure Finance Co (IIFCL) has raised eyebrows.
The Planning Commission has ...
Though the index of industrial production expanded 11.7 per cent in November, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sees the recovery ...
IPO guidelines next month; derivatives products on cards.
Kolkata-based financial services provider Magma Fincorp posted about 161 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 17.9 crore during the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today expressed concern over banks offering 'teasing' home loan rates to outsmart each other but ...
To tighten anti-money laundering norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks and financial institutions to maintain ...
Future Generali India Life Insurance Company today said it expects five-fold increase in new business premium at Rs 750 crore by ...
Insurance-sector regulator, IRDA is planning to come out with the IPO guidelines for insurance companies by the end of next ...
Three new directors including private sector lender ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar and Citigroup South Asia head Mark Robinson ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is still looking for a chairman of the housing finance regulator National Housing Bank (NHB), ...
After putting a cap on charges on unit- linked insurance plans (ULIPs) products, the insurance-sector regulator, Insurance ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), plans to hire more than 27,000 people this year to fill vacancies across ...
State-run Dena Bank is looking at to raise Rs 1,300 crore capital over the next three years, out of which Rs 600 crore will be ...
IDBI Bank Chairman and Managing Director Yogesh Agarwal today said that the public sector player had completed due diligence on a ...
The government today said that it would act as a patriarch and bless public sector bank mergers that are based on synergy.
The US Federal Reserve has made a profit of a whopping $45 billion in 2009, a record in the 96-year history of the central bank, ...
The rupee today depreciated by 16 paise to 45.50 a dollar in early trade as the US currency strengthened against major world ...
IFCI was not planning to apply for a banking licence as of now and was targeting to raise around Rs 1,200 crore in January-March ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), India’s largest life insurer, said the company would be able to meet the current ...
Banks continued to place certificates of deposit (CDs) on the view that rates may rise in near future if the Reserve Bank of ...
Candidate may not need two-year residual service.
“We are keen on having a centralised PE enterprise which will help incubate stand-alone and partnership funds,” Yes ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, is expected to set aside more funds to meet the new norms that ...
Public sector banks have almost given up on meeting the 20 per cent credit growth target they had set at the start of the current ...
PSU lender Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today said its bad loans are likely to increase in the December quarter but would stabilise ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the banking system may increasingly face the problem of staff-attrition in the period ...
Canara Bank will soon become the sixth major Indian bank to open a branch in the East Midlands town of Leicester, which has a ...
The rupee today rallied by 42 paise to close at a 16-month high of 45.34 against the US dollar on heavy selling of the American ...
Citigroup has replaced Douglas Peterson, the head of the bank's business in Japan, with Darren Buckley, a media report says.
Financial services major Goldman Sachs plans to expand a programme that would require executive and top managers to give a ...
British banks fear their fragile recovery will grind to a halt over the next few months, according to a survey by employers' ...
Insurance companies have managed to reduce the losses incurred on the motor insurance portfolio, that accounts for nearly half ...
City-based Kanakamahalakshmi Co-operative Bank (KCB) has received Reserve Bank of India’s nod to take over loss-making ...
Credit rating agencies are expected to do brisk business in the fourth quarter, with more and more small and medium (SME) ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) is targeting a business of Rs 50,000 crore by 2012-13 for which it would require around Rs 1,000 ...
Banks may soon have to cap the charges on basic services such as issuing a draft, remittances or for stop-payment instructions.
World's biggest banks will pay out more than $65 billion in salaries and bonuses over the next fortnight, with banking ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K V Chakrabarty has emphasised adoption of business-like approach with focussed ...
Orissa is likely to get Rs 227 crore from the World Bank for the Integrated Coastal Zone Management (ICZM) project being ...
London’s investment banks are luring back traders and analysts they lost to brokerage firms during the credit crisis, ...
Bank of America Corp, the biggest US bank, expects to pay record bonuses to some investment bankers while keeping the overall ...
According to RBI data, the government’s balance with the central bank stood at Rs 37,193 crore as of January 1.
In the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has promoted 10 of its general managers as chief general managers (CGMs). The promotion process, ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose $22 million to $283.52 million during the week ended January 1, mainly due to the ...
While the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is working on making third-party motor cover obligatory for ...
Hints at Rs 5,000-crore bond issue to meet asset-liability mismatch.
Witnessing one of the highest amount of loan disbursements among several states, Gujarat grew by 60-70 per cent by end of second ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) will sell part of fund management assets to Aberdeen Asset Management Plc for an estimated 84.7 ...
One of Citigroup's longest serving director, John Deutch will not stand for re-election to the company's board of directors.
Prosecutors in Seoul are taking legal steps to sell confiscated assets of the founder and former chairman of the now-dismantled ...
Bank of America Corp (BofA) is likely to pay its investment bankers bonuses close to 2007 level as the bank tries to retain key ...
Indian-American Anil Kumar, former director of consulting firm McKinsey, has pleaded guilty to fraud charges in one of the ...
The rupee depreciated by 8 paise to 45.75 a dollar in early trade today as the US currency strengthened against major global ...
Rajiv Shah has been officially sworn in today as the administrator of US Aid for International Development (USAID), making him ...
The teaser home loan rate, the interest rate which is set artificially low for the initial period, could give a ‘payment ...
The long suspense over control of the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) ended on Thursday, with the Sivanthi Adityan-led group ...
A day after ICICI Bank cut
rates, Axis Bank follows with a 50-75 basis points cut.
Biofuels was the pick of venture capitalists with the segment witnessing 55 per cent of the investments.
In a move to bring more clarity on asset cover norms for debt securities, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) today ...
State Bank of India (SBI), which had recently entered into an agreement with the Orissa government for payment of wages to the ...
Spurred by growth in the number of policies renewed, commission expenses of the life insurance industry grew by 5.64 per cent in ...
The government on Thursday set a schedule to examine the problems ailing the insurance sector in the field of accident insurance. ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) is targeting a business of Rs 50,000 crore by 2012-13 for which it would require around Rs 1,000 ...
10 companies to be penalised, Reliance General attracts biggest penalty.
Hinting at a buoyant economy in 2010, Uday Kotak, vice chairman and managing director, Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd said that the ...
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York, then led by Timothy Geithner, told American International Group Inc to withhold details ...
Japanese watch maker Citizen Watches is expecting its Eco-Drive collection of watches to boost sales in the Indian market.
The ...
The car finance market is hotting up with ICICI Bank and Axis Bank slashing interest on new car loans.
Continuing with its low interest rate regime to boost the nation's recession-hit economy, the Bank of England today left the key ...
India's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) plans to introduce 7,000 voice-enabled ATMs across the country for visually ...
Aiming to break even in the next three years, ING Life is targeting a 15 per cent increase in its new business premiums, a top ...
Insurance claims arising out of the Mumbai terror attacks in 2008 are estimated to wipe out about Rs 500 crore from the corpus ...
Federal prosecutors said they will file fresh charges against Sri Lankan-born hedge fund operator Raj Rajaratnam alleging he made ...
There is unanimity in thinking among the intelligentsia that if India is to become an economic power, growth has to be inclusive ...
Financial services provider, India Infoline has been assigned highest broker grading by leading rating agency Crisil.
Kotak Mahindra Group has partnered with Overseas Indian Facilitation Centre (OIFC) to offer wealth management advisory and ...
The rupee today appreciated by 10 paise to hit a 15-month high of 45.74 a dollar in early trade, tracking other firming Asian ...
Announcing its foray into rural and micro-finance segment, Reliance Life Insurance Company Limited on Wednesday announced the ...
Spice Finance, a wholly owned subsidiary of BK Modi Group’s Spice Global, is in advanced stage of acquiring an asset ...
The domestic exchange traded currency futures on Wednesday witnessed the highest turnover since its launch last year.
The ...
The state-owned insurance giant Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and private sector insurer HDFC Standard Life missed ...
Punjab National Bank will bring all the rural branches under Core Banking Solution (CBS) platform by the end of this financial ...
Indian Oil Corp, the nation’s largest state-owned refiner, hired HSBC Holdings Plc, Standard Chartered Plc and Deutsche ...
“The bank recorded an overall business growth of 20.70 per cent in the third quarter, taking the total business of the bank ...
ICICI Merchant Services, the newly-formed joint venture (JV) between ICICI Bank and First Data Corporation (FDC), plans to expand ...
Management consulting firm Boston Consultancy Group (BCG) will soon start consultations with National Bank for Agriculture and ...
The rupee on Wednesday hit a 15-month high against the US dollar.
The movement was in line with the appreciation of other Asian ...
With a sharp rise in bond yields in the third quarter, most banks have been saved mark-to-market (revaluing securities to reflect ...
While the deposits of the bank stood at Rs 1,661.29 crore, advances were at Rs 1,355.53 crore.
Financial services major Citigroup Inc's chief of investment banking John Havens received over $9 million in compensation last ...
ICICIdirect today launched an exlcusive trading facility for Independent Financial Advisors (IFAs), with a view to provide them a ...
Relaxation in the norms relating to infrastructure lending and 70 per cent loan loss coverage ratio are likely to top the agenda ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and Development Credit Bank (DCB) have entered into a bancassurance agreement for the ...
Swiss banking major Credit Suisse today announced appointment of Bunt Ghosh and Atsushi Mizuno as Vice Chairman of its Fixed ...
Financial services provider HSBC InvestDirect (India) today said its subsidiary IL&FS Investsmart Insurance Brokers Ltd will ...
The rupee today appreciated by 15 paise to 46.09 a dollar in early trade on sustained capital inflows into stock markets.
The Visakhapatnam zone of Andhra Bank is targeting to end the current financial year with a total business of Rs 3,600 crore.
One of the leading insurance companies in the country, Bajaj Allianz today announced launch of its innovative tax campaign in ...
Upping the ante in the home loan war, the country’s third largest private sector lender Axis Bank today announced a ...
Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) would launch a low-cost pension scheme on April 1 to provide social ...
IDBI Bank Chairman and Managing Director Yogesh Agarwal has emerged the frontrunner for the post of the chairman of the Pension ...
Bankers will next week make a strong pitch to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet the demand ...
Haryana Cooperation Minister Paramvir Singh said that the central cooperative banks in the state would provide a loan of Rs 8,600 ...
Half of the banks in the world will lack an innovation programme to improve services by 2013, severely restricting growth, as ...
Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group firm Reliance Life Insurance today launched two new products -- Jan Samriddhi Plan and Super ...
Media firm Eros International plans to raise Rs 350 crore through an initial public offer (IPO) and has filed a draft ...
The rupee today appreciated by 8 paise to hit a month's high of 46.22 against the US currency in early trade, in line with other ...
Central Bank of India, a public sector lender, plans to sell non-performing assets (NPAs) of 41 industrial units with an ...
Rapid and volatile capital inflows or outflows could pose significant policy challenges, potentially leading to exchange rate ...
Credit policy uncertainty adds to AUM fall of Rs 22,000 crore last month.
Road ministry mulls a fee of Rs 15 for such a cover.
The US financial services major Goldman Sachs is reviewing  whether to move some of the company's operations out of London, ...
"The new brand enables the private bank to reaffirm its identity as part of Societe Generale Group and to leverage further ...
For FCNR (B) deposits, the revised interest rate in US dollars has been fixed at 1.98 per cent for deposits of one year and ...
The Indian rupee today gained 7 paise against the US currency in early trade on increased capital inflows into stock markets in ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), which recently increased the corpus of its Tribal Development ...
About 40,000 vacancies have been created in public sector banks so far this year due to retirements, resignations and expansion ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has estimated a credit flow potential of Rs 31,254.74 crore for the ...
In a move that could signal hardening of interest rates, state-owned Union Bank of India has introduced a new scheme that offers ...
Advance tax collections were around Rs 54,000 crore in the third quarter of the financial year.
The country’s foreign exchange reserves fell by $144 million for the week ended December 25, 2009, mainly due to ...
As demand for credit picked up and growth in deposits fell, banks’ exposure to mutual funds fell by Rs 21,957 crore, or ...
In a bid to expand its fee-based income, country’s largest lender State Bank of India is planning to place about 150,000 ...
India's forex reserves declined by $144 million to $283.499 billion in the week ended December 25 as compared to $283.643 billion ...
Leading bankers do not foresee any rise in the interest rates at least for the next six months and want the Reserve Bank of India ...
In a bid to expand its fee-based income, country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to place about 1.50 lakh ...
Financial services entity Wells Fargo will grant stock awards to the tune of 425 million to its four top executives including ...
Indian-American Anil Kumar, an accused in one of the the largest insider trading scam in the US, has agreed to waive indictment ...
The rupee depreciated by 7 paise against the dollar on the first day of New Year today due to firm demand for the US currency ...
State Bank of India on Thursday launched ‘Sona Ghar’, its first exclusive gold banking outlet in the country, at its ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned a loan of Rs 102 crore to Uttar Pradesh under the ...
Corporation Bank expects to close 2009-10 with a growth of about 20 per cent in advances and 22 per cent in deposits over the ...
The New Year may bring challenges for distributors of financial products who had found solace in unit-linked insurance products ...
Current market fluctuations in bonds yields were not dangerous, and a 10-year yield of 7-8 per cent was not uncomfortable, ...
There has been a sharp fall in securitisation of corporate loans in the last one year.
In contrast, the volume of retail loans ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would not just look at inflation to decide its policy, but also growth recovery, credit, and money ...
India’s current account deficit (CAD) for the second quarter ended September 2009 was almost flat at $12.6 billion, ...
Online banking applications provider Yodlee, has deployed its proprietary ‘account aggregation’ solution to power ...
Use of cheque books and passbooks dropped as technology was the buzzword.
ATMs came up at every corner and with electronic fund ...
It is very tough to predict what the interest rate scenario will be like.
Right now, there is plenty of liquidity and credit ...
The rupee opened 2009 at 48.77 to a dollar.
It continued to depreciate until the middle of March.
Then, it began to strengthen ...
Yields on 10-year government securities are expected to touch 8 per cent, thanks to expectations of an end to easy-money policy, ...
The World Bank has approved the National Cyclone Risk Mitigation Project (NCRMP) for implementation in Orissa.
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), which recently increased the corpus of its Tribal Development Fund ...
If 2009 was a year when three of the country’s largest private sector financial services groups saw new faces at the top, ...
At the end of 2008, banks were staring at a slowing economy, souring retail loans and a tanking stock market.
The focus, ...
At the behest of the central government, Exim Bank of India has extended a $30 million Line of Credit (LOC) to government of Cote ...
Standalone health insurer Apollo Munich Health today said it plans to invest Rs 275 crore in the next 5 years to grow its ...
Islamic investment bank Gulf Finance House (GFH) has booked a $300 million provision over its exposure to a Dubai development ...
India’s 10-year bonds ended two days of losses as yields at their highest level in three weeks attracted buyers.
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) has filed draft red herring prospectus (DRHP) with the Securities and Exchange Board of ...
The insurance sector is making a strong comeback.
Buoyed by a steep rise in sale of single premium policies, the industry clocked ...
Punjab and Sind Bank Ltd had sought government approval for its proposed initial public offer, a source close to the development ...
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) has filed a draft red herring prospectus (DRHP) with the Securities and Exchange Board ...
While bank credit growth seems to be showing signs of revival, deposits could soon emerge as the new area of concern for bankers.
India’s largest mortgage financing company, Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), is likely to get a reprieve on ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) will raise Rs 600 crore from rights issue, under which more equity will be offered to the existing ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India (UBI) today filed a Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP) with the Securities and ...
Credit offtake remained subdued at 11 per cent during the one-year period ending December 18, indicating the economic activity is ...
The country's largest housing finance firm, HDFC, can now breathe a little easy as it has got two more years from the regulator ...
The administrators of the European operations of the failed Lehman Brothers will return assets worth over $11 billion to the ...
The new businesses of the life insurance companies grew 22 per cent to Rs 55,355 crore in the first eight months of the current ...
A prominent body of Indian stock brokers today demanded both Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange to maintain ...
2009 was mostly bad news for countries, governments and individuals in terms of economic prosperity, but the year was the best in ...
Troubled consumer finance firm GMAC Financial Services is likely to get around $3.5 billion (around Rs 16,350 crore) of ...
Mutual funds refrained from purchasing short-term money market instruments today due to limited inflows into their schemes, ...
Concerned over food inflation spreading to other sectors through adverse expectations, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has said that there will be no hike in lending rates in the next ...
The tightening of credit norms for unsecured loans is showing.
According to data, flow of personal loans declined 0.1 per cent in ...
Troubled insurer American International Group (AIG) is preparing to pay its outgoing general counsel Anastasia Kelly several ...
Financial services major Morgan Stanley has said it will set up a committee to supervise the company's risk management.
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, has said that there will be no hike in lending rates in the next six months as ...
All India Andhra Bank Officers’ Federation (AIABOF) has strongly opposed the government’s move to consolidate and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has granted banking license to the Orissa State Co-operative Bank (OSCB).
India Inc could set a new fund-raising record in 2010.
Even before the year starts, companies have lined up equity raising plans ...
The Delhi & District Cricket Association (DDCA) and the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), organisers of ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India's (SBI) pension corpus could be regulated by the Pension Fund Regulatory and ...
The year 2009 saw insurance firms waiting for easing of foreign direct investment (FDI) norms, just as they have done every year ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), has extended its financing scheme through Joint Liability ...
Five years after acquiring the Hyderabad-based Global Trust Bank, state-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce has begun the hunt for ...
British banking giant Barclays is curtailing international expansion plans under a crackdown imposed by its new head of retail ...
Saturation in other businesses triggers the move.
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, one of the leading private life insurance companies, plans to recruit about 5000 more agents in ...
Despite the economies of scale offered by public cloud providers, private cloud services will prevail for the foreseeable future ...
Despite the fall in deal volumes on both the merger and acquisition (M&A) and private equity (PE) fronts during the fourth ...
Public sector banks have performed better than their private sector counterparts in customer service.
Public-sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) saw its home loan portfolio grow by 23-25 per cent during April-November, and expects ...
The chief executive officers of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley will headline the inaugural ...
The dollar was poised to end three consecutive weeks of gains against the euro on speculation the Federal Reserve will maintain ...
The US Treasury Department will remove the caps on aid to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for the next three years, to allay investor ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory Development Authority (PFRDA) is taking ing various measures to increase the number of subscribers ...
The Asia-Pacific region attracted as many as 89 billion-dollar deals — the highest total on record — worth over $292 ...
Private sector ICICI Bank plans to raise Rs 4,000 crore of capital through Upper Tier-II and Tier-I perpetual bonds to support ...
India’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has financed many wind power projects in the country: Now it is setting up ...
The country's second largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank, today said its Bhutan joint venture and Dubai branch ...
The issue concerning foreign ownership in Indian banks is currently under discussion among the finance ministry, commerce and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said low bank credit growth would not hamper the country’s economic recovery.
About 100 alumni from the defunct securities firm that JPMorgan acquired in March 2008 assembled December 18 at the Dream ...
Raising finance for companies eyeing renewable energy projects would no more be a tough task as banks and consultants are working ...
Ten years ago, a survey had projected that the life insurance industry would see its premium income grow at a compounded annual ...
Banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (CDs) today, on hope rates could rise in the coming weeks and to refinance their ...
The amount parked by banks today at the reverse repo window of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) dipped below Rs 20,000 crore, ...
Responding to banks’ petitions, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised the transaction limit for mobile banking to Rs ...
The country’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has hived off its point-of-sale terminals business into a $80 ...
Asset financier Shriram Transport Finance bought the commercial vehicles and construction equipment portfolios of two GE Capital ...
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has sold its points of sale terminals that accept the debit and credit card ...
"D Subbarao, Governor, Reserve Bank of India, will release the Third Quarter Review of Monetary Policy 2009-10 on January ...
Andhra Bank has raised Rs 600 crore by selling bonds in two tranches in current month.
The Federal Housing Finance Agency is expected to announce the pay packages of top executives at the government-run ...
With many rich nations failing to meet Kyoto Protocol goals, top climate expert R K Pachauri today said a “stronger and ...
State-run Bank of India was set to launch an 8 per cent home loan scheme from January 1, M Narendra, executive director of the ...
Government-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) has halved the penalty for premature withdrawal of deposits – a move aimed at ...
After hitting a 13-month high in October, external commercial borrowings (ECBs) and foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) ...
Instead of products, consumer groups come into focus.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) today allowed insurance companies to offer 'Health plus Life Combi ...
British banking entity Lloyds TSB Bank has reached a $217 million settlement with the US, related to transactions with countries, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today extended the transition period given to the banks to treat the advances to equity-oriented ...
Troubled financial services firm Citigroup has said that any allegation that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is working ...
Public-sector lender Bank of India (BoI) is set to become the latest entrant in the home loan rate war, after biggies like SBI ...
The country's second largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank, today said it can raise up to Rs 7,000 crore from bonds ...
RBI is expected to increase
CRR next month to signal a rate increase.
With a view to boost its local footprint Macquarie Securities Group (MSG) today announced three senior equity sales and research ...
“So far 50 per cent of our capital requirement has been taken care of by internal accruals since MMFL is a profit making ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender, Vijaya Bank has informed the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) that its authorised capital has ...
Indian banks might meet the Reserve Bank of India’s projection of an 18 per cent growth in credit, K V Kamath, chairman of ...
The minimum ticket size and the tenure for unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) are set to be higher from the New Year.
Now you can buy an annuity cover on reverse mortgage loans.
Banks are trying to increase their returns on idle cash by offering short-term loans to boost the top line in a quarter when ...
Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance is targeting a new business premium collection of Rs 600-crore by end-fiscal, a top company ...
IndusInd Bank, a new generation private sector bank, inaugurated Mumbai’s first solar-powered automated teller machine ...
With a view to boost its local footprint, Macquarie Securities Group (MSG), today announced three senior equity sales and ...
Sri Lankan Tamil-origin billionaire Raj Rajaratnam has pleaded not guilty before a court here to running an insider trading scam ...
Undeterred by the premature end to its life insurance joint venture with Indiabulls Financial Services Ltd, French banking giant ...
The life insurance industry logged a 21 per cent increase in premium collections during the first seven months of the current ...
Banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (CD) today to refinance papers maturating in December, and also on views that ...
Credit Suisse Group AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank by market value, named Boon Sim global head of mergers and acquisitions, ...
Raising banks’ cash reserve ratio (CRR) might be one of the tools to be used by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to suck out ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was needed to drain cash from the economy to check speculation in commodities, former Governor ...
Financial market regulators and senior finance ministry officials met today to review recent developments in markets and ...
With sanctioned credit lines going abegging, banks take corrective action.
The country’s largest foreign lender, Citibank, today announced the launch of CitiHome One, which seeks to combine the ...
“I am in touch with many of the entrepreneurs.
Many of them have sent me their business plans.
We are waiting for our ...
A four-member committee to shortlist the candidates.
The interest rate futures (IRFs) trading in the country will get a boost in coming days, as Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) and ...
The dollar is rallying in tandem with stocks and commodities for the first time since before Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank is aiming for a total business of Rs 12,000-crore and hire 300 more personnel to take its total headcount to ...
Troubled insurer American International Group (AIG) will take two years to repay the bailout funds, which it had received from ...
Citibank today launched CitiHome One, a first-of-its-kind universal mortgage product, that would enable customers to get a ...
Shortly after launching its Mutual Funds (MF) transaction platform, Bombay Stock Exchange now plans to allow its brokers place ...
Raising finance for companies eyeing renewable energy projects would no more be an onerous project as banks and consultants are ...
State-run UCO Bank is planning to open 100 branches across the country by the end of this financial year.
Majority of the ...
The State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) has constituted a sub-committee to augment and monitor the flow of credit to the ...
Aviva Life Insurance Company Limited, one of India's leading life insurance companies, plans to come out with 3-4 new insurance ...
The Aditya Birla Group has forged an alliance with SBI Cards to rollout co-branded cards.
The group plans to launch these cards
...
Other banks to go ahead with plans, private players to wait for spreads to narrow.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said US banks weren’t hurting their ability to lend as they repaid the loans of the ...
Societe Generale SA, France’s second-largest bank by market value, and Indiabulls Financial Services planned to end their ...
In view of banks classifying even short-term loans to housing finance companies (HFCs) as priority sector lending, the Reserve ...
Government bond yields rose today following a meeting between Union finance minister and Reserve Bank of India governor along ...
Leading home-loan lender HDFC plans to disburse Rs 3,000 crore over the next two-months under its special housing loan plan, ...
Private sector lender, IndusInd Bank has presented its roadmap to the Reserve Bank, to bring down the promoter stake to the ...
The country’s second largest public lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB) has offered to grant home loans at floating interest ...
As food inflation shot up to a 10-year high of 19.95 per cent, the yield on government bonds softened today on belief the Reserve ...
National Australia Bank Ltd bid A$13.3 billion ($12 billion) for Axa Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd, scuttling AMP Ltd’s joint ...
The National Australia Bank’s acquisition of AXA Asia Pacific Holdings is unlikely to have an impact on the latter’s ...
Troubled insurance giant American International Group (AIG) is in advance stages to list its Asian life insurance unit on the ...
Irda panel moots each lender tying up with two life, two non-life and two health insurers.
Focus Edu Care, a provider of classroom and virtual education, is planning to invest around Rs 30-40 crore on expanding its ...
Fixed maturity plan (FMP) launches, which had slowed down since the end of 2008, have again gathered steam with mutual funds ...
With inflation on the rise and projected to rise further, the real return on your fixed deposits could soon turn negative.
The US Treasury has suddenly shelved its plan to begin offloading stocks worth $5 billion in Citigroup after an unlively response ...
As part of efforts to put in place more efficient ways of making payments, no cheques will be issued or honoured in Britain from ...
The US Federal Reserve has said economic activity is improving while deciding to continue with the near-zero interest rate regime ...
The bailed out fat cats on the Wall Street woke up to stringent compensation norms this year sans hefty bonuses, as the Obama ...
Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama has expressed plans to increase Japan's aid to developing countries in curbing greenhouse ...
The Indian rupee today weakened by 18 paisa to 46.85 against the US dollar in early trade on fresh dollar demand from importers ...
The 50-year-old Moynihan would take up the new position and join the board after the retirement of Lewis on December 31, 2009, ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, one of the leading private life insurance companies, expects to collect Rs 10-12 crore premium in ...
Kerala, which relies on West Asian remittances for a quarter of its economy, plans to sell the nation’s first Islamic bonds ...
Dubai borrowed $10 billion from Abu Dhabi this week by selling its neighbor five-year bonds paying an annual interest rate of 4 ...
Panel shortlists five candidates, decision on winning entry in January.
Schools and colleges have become the new hunting ground for non-life insurers, eager to push personal accident (PA) policies, a ...
The intensification of global financial crisis in the second half of 2008 had forced Indian companies to put on hold their global ...
The increase in credit flow till December 4 was 10.5% compared to a year ago.
The US government quietly agreed to forgo about $38 billion in potential tax payment from troubled financial giant Citigroup as ...
Credit growth of banks remained quite low at just over 10 per cent for the fortnight ended December 4 on an yearly basis compared ...
Banking services were partially disrupted today as a section of employees owing allegiance to Left unions stayed away from work ...
Swiss banking major Credit Suisse is expected to shell out $536 million as fine to the American authorities, for its dealings ...
Japanese financial services major Nomura today announced the acquisition of London-based corporate finance advisory firm Tricorn ...
A US federal grand jury has indicted billionaire Raj Rajaratnam, founder of Galleon hedge fund, in a multi-million-dollar Wall ...
Bank employees owing allegiance to four Left-leaning unions today went on a strike protesting the proposed merger of the State ...
Haryana is scouting for alternative means of revenue generation to combat the tight fiscal health of the state.
State Finance ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit, emerging from a US bailout with higher capital levels and loan-loss reserves ...
Wells Fargo & Co, seeking to wipe away the tarnish of US government bailout funds, kept pace with rival banks by announcing a ...
DLF Pramerica Life Insurance is expecting new business of about Rs 90 crore in 2010, three times the business generated in the ...
Magma Fincorp Limited, a leading asset finance company, has picked up seven per cent stake in Experian Credit Information Company ...
Recognising Indian economy’s ability to quickly overcome the effects of the global financial crisis, rating agency ...
Out of the targeted total business of Rs 39,000 crore, deposits are expected to be Rs 24,000 crore with the remaining Rs 15,000 ...
Kotak Investment Banking, a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, has entered into an exclusive alliance with Renaissance Capital, ...
The association has been opposing the agreement, for denial of the benefit of additional cost being paid to other banks for the ...
Trikona Trinity Capital, the Alternative Investment Market (AIM)-listed real estate fund, has terminated the contract with its ...
Amid the raging controversy over the issue of bankers bonus, the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has asserted that its ability to ...
Public sector lender State Bank of India (SBI) today received final approval for its general insurance venture from the sectoral ...
State-owned IDBI Bank today announced lowering interest rates to 8.25 per cent for home loans irrespective of the amount till ...
Major global banks such as Standard Chartered, Barclays and HSBC have paid lesser amounts in advance tax in the third quarter of ...
IndiaFirst Life Insurance has received regulatory approval to launch three products and expects to commence its operations by the ...
Betting big on the growing India-related M&A deals, private-sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today entered into a pact with ...
Banking operations are likely to be hit tomorrow as public sector bank employees will go on a one-day nation-wide strike to ...
Fidelity Mutual Fund today announced the appointment of Shriram Ramanathan as the new fund manager for its fixed income funds.
American International Group's (AIG) chief executive Robert Benmosche has said the insurance company is "too big" and ...
State-owned Allahabad Bank is planning to open 26 centralised retail-banking boutiques across the country by the end of this ...
Recognising Indian economy’s resilience to global financial crisis, rating agency Moody’s today upgraded its outlook ...
HSBC Asset Management (India) Private Limited has announced the appointment of Mehul Bhatt as Head of Fund ...
United Bank of India (UBI) is likely to file a red herring prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of India for their ...
RBI tells banks to draw a roadmap for financial inclusion.
Religare aims to become one of the top financial services companies globally, and in double-quick time.
Financial inclusion, the process of ensuring access of timely and adequate credit by the vulnerable groups at an affordable cost, ...
Nowhere are yields as low as in Japan’s debt market and nowhere are returns higher as Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama’s ...
Oriental Insurance Company Limited, the market leader in the non-life insurance segment in Orissa, has targeted a premium ...
Banks are exploring the option of increasing the sub-prime lending rate, mainly offered to companies, while keeping the benchmark ...
Most private players see a decline in premium income.
Based on the recommendations of T M Bhasin Committee, appointed on behalf of West Bengal State Level Bankers’ Committee, ...
After acquiring 51 per cent stake in domestic money changer and transfer agent Wall Street Finance, the BK Modi Group-promoted ...
SBI Cards, the 60:40 joint venture between State Bank of India and GE Capital, has a new CEO.
Abhay Singh, who used to be chief ...
Tighter norms, better economy reduce credit card non-performing assets.
Financial services major Morgan Stanley has appointed Merrill Lynch President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory J Fleming to ...
Bank of New York Mellon Corp's Chief Executive Robert Kelly has emerged as the front-runner for the top job at Bank of America ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which has started exiting its easy money regime, might hike its cash reserve ratio (CRR) and ...
The Lok Sabha today post facto put its seal on merger of the State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) with State Bank of India (SBI) amid ...
The Citigroup may cut a deal with the US government today that will allow it to repay the bailout fund the financial entity had ...
Public sector Canara Bank, as part of fulfilling its corporate social responsibility (CSR) is in the process of imparting ...
The rupee today depreciated by 20 paise to 46.73 against the US dollar in opening trade largely on fears of fresh capital ...
The emirs, presidents and sheikhs of the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council meet in Kuwait this week with the days of ...
The country’s second-largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB), has bet big on rural customers in the ...
The yield on government bonds may harden if the inflation data for month of November indicates that prices of various products ...
After achieving profit of Rs 3.10 crore in the fiscal ending March 2009, the Mysore-headquartered Mysore and Chamarajanagar ...
Reliance Life is in talks with Chinese insurance giant China Life for a pre-initial public offer (IPO) placement.
The Anil ...
Bank employees are planning to go on strike on December 16 during the Parliament Session against banking sector reforms such as ...
After achieving a profit of Rs 3.10 crore during the fiscal ending March 2009, the Mysore-headquartered Mysore and Chamarajanagar ...
Private life insurer, Aegon Religare, plans to enter the health insurance segment while continuing to focus on term insurance ...
Payments made through debit cards rose around 40 per cent to Rs 14,598 crore in the first seven months of the current fiscal ...
One isn’t sure about the political leanings of Duvvuri Subbarao, but it seems the scion of the Nehru-Gandhi family has left ...
Bond yields may ease slightly on Monday following the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) announcement that it will auction Rs ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) aims to achieve credit growth of 17 per cent in 2009-10, but the pick-up in credit since ...
Standard Chartered Bank today announced the appointment of Jaspal Bindra to the bank’s global board of directors.
As part ...
The yield on the 10-year government paper reached the highest level in over a year on fear the central bank will start tightening ...
Europe today urged the IMF to introduce a "social" tax on banks, insurers and markets to repay taxpayers' support ...
London-based banking major, Standard Chartered today announced the appointment of Jaspal Bindra as its new Group Executive ...
The Indian rupee today strengthened by 7 paise to 46.57 a dollar against in early trade on hopes of fresh capital inflows into ...
The country’s largest power generator, NTPC Ltd, will be officially powering the Commonwealth Games being held next year. ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Ltd, a 74:26 per cent joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and Axa Group, today launched ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance has introduced four new add-on covers under its motor insurance portfolio, which will be available ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tightened norms governing external commercial borrowings (ECB), Governor D Subbarao ...
State-run Central Bank of India plans to raise Rs 400 crore through a bond issue in two months, while it may get Rs 700 crore as ...
Banks are making a strong pitch to the government for permission to issue tax-free bonds to fund infrastructure projects.
400 firms to shift to new system in first phase.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will soon convene a meeting of bankers to discuss ways to boost financial inclusion by using the ...
The Supreme Court has held that banks are liable to compensate a customer whose money is wrongly paid to another person without ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed regional rural banks (RRBs) to keep a watch on transactions of customers with ...
About 25 lakh life insurance agents would stage a dharna tomorrow at Jantar Mantar in Delhi to oppose the recommendations of a ...
Religare Finvest, the non-banking finance arm of Religare Enterprises, today said it has entered into an agreement with public ...
Global financial services firm Citigroup is in advanced talks with regulators over its plans to raise more than $15 billion ...
The Reserve Bank (RBI) has made it easy for telecom companies bidding for third generation (3G) mobile spectrum to borrow money ...
Emirates airline says it plans to receive its fifth Airbus A380 "superjumbo" next week and another before year's end ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allyed concerns about capital inflows building an asset bubble and said it is keeping a ...
Encouraged by the growing fan following for its tweets on the micro-blogging site Twitter, the National Stock Exchange has now ...
The Bank of America (BofA) has repaid the US government the entire bailout money of $45 billion.
The Department of the Treasury ...
The rupee today depreciated by 10 paise to 46.63 a dollar in opening trade on fears that capital inflows would be impacted ...
With improvement in the global credit markets and narrowing of spreads, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) decided today to ...
Former Bank of England policy maker Willem Buiter said Greece might be the first major country in the European Union (EU) to ...
Private sector lender Development Credit Bank is set to enter the wealth management space, offering free services to all its ...
Japanese financial services major Nomura today said it is planning to significantly expand its base in India and China next year, ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has sold 26 per cent stake in its wholly owned housing subsidiary, PNB Housing Finance, to financial ...
With bank deposit rates in a free fall for the last one year, company fixed deposits have started finding many takers.
HSBC Holdings Chairman Stephen Green said proposals to separate retail and investment banking are “unrealistic” and ...
Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling said the UK will force banks awarding bonuses above £25,000 ($40,800) to pay a ...
Banks consider raising rates for 3-5 year funds to correct asset-liability mismatch.
There is finally some good news for health insurance buyers.
Insurers are now beginning to cover outpatient department (OPD) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today tightened the guidelines for external commercial borrowings (ECBs) by withdrawing ...
To increase transparency, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed regional rural banks (RRBs) to disclose the commission ...
Leading public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it has sold 26 per cent stake in its fully-owned home loan ...
Financial advisory company Fullerton Securities & Wealth Advisors today said it will hire 300 more people by the end of the ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 19 paise against the US currency to fell to a two-week low in early trade on dollar buying ...
Bharti Axa General Insurance Company Ltd, a 74:26 per cent joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and Axa Group, has signed a ...
The banking major Union Bank of India (UBI) has set the business turn over target of Rs.
With the economic slowdown impacting the demand for credit, the credit-deposit (CD) ratio of the commercial banks in Orissa ...
The Kerala High Court today adjourned a petition filed by Subramanian Swamy, a former Union minister, against the proposed ...
Union Bank of India had restricted investments into mutual funds (MFs) but has not yet exited them, and was in favour of ...
The financial supervisors in Asia have tightened the norms to make provisions for non-performing loans after the crisis hit many ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has found and took action against 17 cases of irregularities by companies that raised foreign ...
After sitting over the proposal for several months, the government has finally appointed seven executive directors (EDs) in as ...
Credit offtake was expected to pick up in the coming months on the back of policy steps taken by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
ICICI, Kotak Mahindra announce fixed-cum-floating rate schemes.
With the objective to create awareness regarding banking services among people in remote villages of North-East, Reserve Bank of ...
Turnover of the 23 commodity exchanges in the country surged by 42.63 per cent to Rs 47,29,971 crore till November this fiscal on ...
Financial services company Morgan Stanley plans high-level management changes, which includes finance chief Colm Kelleher and ...
Public sector lenders Bank of Baroda and Indian Bank today announced that they had appointed new Executive Directors.
Three public sector—Corporation Bank, Allahabad Bank and Andhra Bank—have appointed new executive directors.
The rupee today appreciated by 8 paise against the dollar in early trade as exporters sold the US currency, which weakened ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said formation of asset-price bubbles was a bigger threat than consumer ...
The auction of the stock securities will be conducted by the apex bank RBI tomorrow, a release issued by the state finance ...
Hinduja Bank (Switzerland) today announced that it has got a majority stake in Chennai-based brokerage Paterson Securities after ...
After a breather, private sector banks are again catching up with their public sector counterparts in auto finance as car sales ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said neither the government nor the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has given any directive ...
Kerala-based Muthoot Finance, which is into financial services business, plans to open 21 branches in the Visakhapatnam region by ...
Magma Fincorp has picked up 7 per cent stake in Experian Credit Information Company of India, the proposed Indian arm of global ...
The core committee constituted by the Indian Banks Association (IBA) to calculate the modalities involved in the proposed ...
RBI wonders if banks are doing enough to push the service.
The largest private sector lender ICICI Bank can soon operate as a local bank in Singapore, following an in-principal approval ...
The US plans to slash the project costs of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) by over $200 billion, says a media report. ...
The Bombay High Court today asked the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) not to arrest Delhi-based businessman Sanjay Dalmia after ...
Government will support public sector banks to merge if they wanted, provided they fulfilled RBI and SEBI guidelines, Finance ...
The rupee today depreciated by 31 paise to 46.59 a dollar in opening trade on expectations of more capital outflows by foreign ...
The yield on government bonds may continue to move up, on apprehension that Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may harden the monetary ...
Residents in India and other emerging economies borrowed $34 billion by issuing debt securities in the international market ...
Six more US banks have been shut down, pushing the total number of failures this year to 130 or an average of nearly 11 entities ...
The department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) under the Ministry of Commerce is of the view that Indian private sector ...
In takeout financing IIFCL will enter into a pact with banks to take over some of their infrastructure loans on its books.
Amid speculations, that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may buy more gold from the IMF, the Prime minister’s Economic ...
The reversal of easy monetary policy would be a gradual process as the central bank is focusing on striking a balance between ...
Regulators have shut down Ohio's AmTrust Bank, the fourth-largest American bank to fail this year.
They also closed five others, ...
A dispute between Jammu & Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) and its majority shareholder, the government of J&K, over a demand ...
Deepak Parekh, chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), will step down from ...
The bank, which plans to repay $45 billion of US rescue funds, sold 1.286 billion so called common equivalent securities, ...
Insurance Australia Group (IAG) will pay Rs 542 crore for a 26 per cent stake in its general insurance venture, SBI General ...
The public sector Indian bank, with a lot of expertise in the field of recovery of Non-Performing Assets (NPAs), is exploring the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that financial inclusion is not restricted merely to opening of bank accounts and ...
Kerala-based Muthoot Finance, which is into financial services business, plans to open 21 branches in the Visakhapatnam region by ...
Saraswati Das, 32, walks 20 km whenever she has to carry out a banking transaction.
The walks have become more frequent of late ...
India's foreign exchange reserves rose by $1.379 billion for the week ended November 27, to $286.723 billion compared to $285.344 ...
Public sector lender United Bank of India (UBI) today said it has got the government approval to float an initial public offer ...
HDFC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Deepakh Parekh will step down next month after serving the housing lender for ...
The Export-Import Bank of India will ink a $100 million Line of Credit with the Russian Bank for Development and Foreign Economic ...
Britain's support for its banks has hit 850 billion pounds in the wake of the global financial crisis, a watchdog report said ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would 'revisit' the growth and inflation projection figures in January but ...
The proposed move to bring down government holding in State Bank of India (SBI) to 51 per cent from about 59 per cent now could ...
The rupee today depreciated by 13 paise at 46.24 against the US dollar in opening trade largely on apprehensions that foreign ...
Indicating an improvement in credit pick-up, State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), on Thursday said it expected the loan ...
Dealers bank on small NBFCs as big players opt out.
State Bank of Mysore has extended its two 8 per cent home loan schemes till March 31, but has begun levying processing charges ...
India’s power sector continues to attract private equity (PE) players.
According to industry sources, more than 51 per cent ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today said the central bank would revisit its growth projection for the current ...
Commercial banks would come out with a plan for financial inclusion by the end of the financial year, RBI Governor D Subbarao ...
The sharp run-up in the equities market and too much of liquidity globally have made deal closures an arduous task, private ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) today retained the benchmark rates, continuing with its low interest rate regime to boost the ...
State-owned Union Bank of India today said it has opened a representative office in Sydney.
Indian private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank is looking at acquisitions in the coming months in India, says a media report.
Public-sector lender Bank of India (BoI) today raised Rs 325 crore Tier-I capital through a bond issue.
The capital has been ...
Financial services firm Barclays is set to award its 22,000 investment bankers pay rise of up to 150 per cent in an effort to ...
State-owned Oriental Bank of Commerce today said it is looking at credit and deposit growth of up to 24 per cent each in the ...
Bank of America has said it will repay $45 billion bailout funds to the US government.
The rupee strengthened by 14 paise to 46.20 against the US currency in early trade today on expectations of fresh capital inflows ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has extended the period of its Aishwarya Home Loan scheme till March 31, 2010, with the ...
The Fertiliser Association of India (FAI) envisages investments to the tune of Rs 35,000 crore by the industry within three years ...
Saraswat Co-operative Bank Ltd (SCBL)- the largest multi-state co-operative bank in the country will shortly acquire financially ...
American International Group Inc lowered its debt by $25 billion as the company transferred two overseas life insurance units ...
Mortgage major Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) might extend its new home loan scheme beyond January, if cost of funds ...
Saraswat Co-operative Bank, the largest multi-state co-operative bank in the country, is likely to acquire financially-troubled ...
The Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) will soon be allowed to purchase long-term government bonds with maturity of 10 ...
State-run UCO Bank has got an approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for setting up 82 new branches across the country by ...
Growth rebounds, but far below the RBI target of 18%.
For foreign banks, the regulator continues with its current restrictive policy.
Allows inclusion of technical write-offs while calculating provision coverage ratio.
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said the government has not yet taken a decision on consolidation of public sector banks ...
Troubled insurer American International Group (AIG) has closed two deals with the New York Federal Reserve (FRBNY) in a move ...
"There are several inflection points that the industry is awaiting.
Prominent among them is the passage of the insurance ...
Continuing with its gaining streak for the third straight day, the rupee today appreciated by 17 paise to touch one-week high at ...
Months after dismissing State Bank of India’s (SBI’s) special loan scheme as a gimmick, mortgage player Housing ...
Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain has asked the bank officials to ensure the compensation cheques given by the government to flood ...
The expert committee examining the way financial products are sold, which is chaired by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development ...
Dubai World began talks with banks to restructure $26 billion of debt, including $3.5 billion owed by property unit Nakheel, and ...
The Dubai crisis may increase the cost of funds for India companies, particularly those with business interests in West Asia.
Indian entrepreneurs may get a shot in the arm with the Union government’s Department of Science and Technology (DST) ...
India’s benchmark bonds fell for a third day, the longest stretch in almost a month, before the government auctions Rs ...
Distressed asset funds take the secondary market route.
IDBI Bank hired three banks to help it get $225 million (around Rs 1,225 crore) of five-year loans, according to people familiar ...
The Pension Fund and Regulatory Development Authority (PFRDA) today unveiled a savings account scheme under the New Pension ...
With more infrastructure projects needing funds, India Infrastructure Finance Co (IIFCL) expects a 50 per cent rise in disbursals ...
India’s largest mortgage financier Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has converted warrants issued by HDFC ...
With its micro finance portfolio expected to cross Rs 500 crore, Ahmedabad-based non-profit organisation Friends of Women’s ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) next policy move is likely to indicate a shift in stance, newly-appointed Deputy ...
Banks’ association says the process needs a huge effort.
Pvt player to launch credit cards, education, personal loans in 3 yrs.
State-run, Union Bank of India has revised its interest rates on foreign currency deposits with immediate effect.
The government today said credit growth from banks has slowed down to 9.8 per cent till November 6 in the current fiscal against ...
Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has scaled up business target by Rs 1,500 crore and is looking at a total volume of Rs ...
The government today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had not approved appointment of financial consultancy and auditing firm ...
The government today said a proposal for $2.97 billion loan from the World Bank has been formulated and the same will be taken up ...
Dubai World Group has confirmed that its debt restructuring process of $26 billion would apply only to the Dubai World and the ...
Kerala-based Dhanalakshmi Bank has received RBI approval to raise FIIs and NRIs percentage holding in the bank to 49 per cent and ...
Extending yesterday's gains, the rupee today rose by 11 paise to 46.40 against the dollar in early trade on hopes of more capital ...
India’s life insurance sector is expected to grow by almost 15 per cent in the current financial year and touch a total ...
British state-controlled bank Lloyds Banking Group (LBG) said today it will axe nearly 400 jobs at a call centre in the south of ...
HDFC Bank today said one of its promoter HDFC has subscribed to equity shares worth Rs 3,600 crore pursuant to conversion of ...
Bank of India (BoI), today said it has reduced deposit rates by 0.25 per cent on select tenures.
Buoyed by better-than-expected GDP growth of 7.9 per cent in the second quarter, the Reserve Bank today said it will have to ...
Private life insurer Metlife today said the number of life insurance policies it has sold has crossed the 10 lakh-mark. "It ...
Detariffing of the Indian insurance industry has steered itself on to a completely different trajectory, where the market has ...
The Indian rupee today strengthened by 25 paise to 46.39 against the US currency in early trade on hopes of fresh capital inflows ...
The All India State Bank Officers’ Federation (AISBOF), an organization of about three lakh employees of SBI, has rejected ...
Will provide them with a special additional liquidity facility linked to the current accounts.
India’s life insurance sector is expected to grow by almost 15 per cent in the current financial year and touch a total ...
The implementation of the Rashtriya Swasthya Vima Yojana (RSVY) meant for the families living below the poverty line (BPL) in 12 ...
Indian general insurance companies, which have been posting underwriting losses for the past several years, want the industry ...
The yield on government bonds may move up on Monday as a fall-out of the upheaval in the market due to the plea by Dubai World, a ...
Japanese financial major Tokio Marine Holdings, which recently entered into a life insurance joint venture agreement with ...
State Bank of India (SBI), which enjoys the largest overseas presence among domestic banks, is in advanced stages of opening 23 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to turn down a fresh request from banks to increase the exposure limit to a single ...
The All India Regional Rural Bank Employees' Association (AIRRBEA) on Sunday demanded the de-linking of the Regional Rural Banks ...
“A number of the legislative proposals being circulated would significantly reduce the capacity of the Federal Reserve to ...
Although there is plenty of chatter among central bankers and other experts on the need to withdraw the emergency monetary and ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc underwrote more loans than any institution to Dubai World, the state company seeking to ...
Banks and unions today settled on a 17.5 per cent hike in the salary of 702,000 public sector employees, besides agreeing to make ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said it would ask banks to furnish details of their direct and indirect exposure to ...
India’s recovery from the global financial crisis is “still fragile”, according to Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Indian Banks' Association (IBA) today said it has reached a broad agreement with bank unions to provide one more pension option ...
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) is the seventh-largest foreign lender in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) with loans of ...
India's foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.032 billion
for the week ended November 20 to $285.344 billion.
India's premier lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said its exposure to Dubai firms are insignificant and ruled out any cause ...
The Indian rupee dropped further by 46 paisa to 46.90 against the greenback on persistent demand for dollar from oil companies ...
Indian companies to feel added pressure.
The bank has been functioning with 3 directors.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 159.86 crore under Rural Infrastructure ...
Draper Fisher Jurvetson, the venture capital firm that backed Skype and Baidu Inc, expects to raise as much as $400 million by ...
UK motor insurers, including Aviva Plc, Admiral Group Plc and Fortis Insurance Ltd, thought they had found a way to squeeze out ...
State-owned IDBI Bank hopes the government will give Rs 7500-8000 crore of the bank’s total requirement of Rs 15,000 crore ...
Debt banking firm MSB Capital plans to open a captive centre in India to service its debt collection activities.
The company is ...
The Life Insurance Council has opposed a proposal in the Draft Direct Taxes Code which says policy holders be taxed at the time ...
A proposal from a Reserve Bank of India-appointed committee to use the cost of one-year retail deposits as the benchmark for ...
The government was unlikely to make any fresh moves on consolidation of public sector banks for now, and would rather wait for ...
President Pratibha Patil today asked banks to extend credit to farmers to improve productivity of the agricultural sector and ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 8 paise to 46.28 against the US currency in early trade on expectations of capital outflows ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set up a group to look into the norms for credit-default swap (CDS), which will revisit ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao on Wednesday asked banks to cut operating costs and improve transparency in ...
Public sector Bank of Baroda was looking for a complementary network, geographical and other synergies in mergers with smaller ...
IDBI Bank Chairman and Managing Director Yogesh Agarwal on Wednesday said the bank had identified a potential merger target even ...
Apollo DKV Health Insurance is planning to increase its capital base to Rs 400-500 crore by 2012-13, from the current Rs 220 ...
Customers will soon be able to walk into a shop having a point-of-sale terminal and withdraw up to Rs 1,000 using their debit ...
A week after the government met select public sector bank chiefs to discuss consolidation, Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor ...
Outlets of telecom companies such as Airtel and Vodafone may soon double as bank kiosks for financial services like funds ...
Barely a week after the finance ministry officials met leading state-owned banks to push mergers through buyouts of smaller ...
After acquiring United Western Bank three years ago, IDBI Bank is at it once again and has identified two domestic lenders as ...
Troubled insurer American International Group (AIG) has said it will pay an annual pay package of $7 million (around Rs 32 crore) ...
The government today said that Rs 10,000 crore will be transfered to NHAI for road projects from the borrowing approval of Rs ...
These projects were sanctioned under Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF-XV), K V Raghavulu, CGM, NABARD said in a ...
Gold climbs to an all-time high of Rs 18,000 per ten gram in New Delhi.
Reserve Bank today said the asset-liability mismatch may pose a huge challenge for banks doing infrastructure lending, and they ...
The Indian rupee today strengthened by 8 paise to 46.29 against the US currency in early trade, extending gains for the third ...
Payments made using electronic and online modes for purchasing goods and services should be settled within two days of completion ...
Along with Subir Gokarn’s appointment as the fourth deputy governor, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today reshuffled some ...
Subir Gokarn, who took over as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor today, said economic recovery, which was still in ...
Lloyds Banking Group Plc, the UK’s biggest mortgage lender, plans to raise a record 13.5 billion pounds ($22.3 billion) in ...
What do Cannan Partners and Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad have in common?
They have both appointed an ...
Completion financing, or last-mile funding, where developers get funds to complete projects stuck midway, is catching on among ...
Encouraged by the success of a pilot to implement the smart card-based electronic benefit transfer (EBT) system on “one ...
Deutsche Bank, a relatively new entrant in retail banking, is expecting a 25 per cent growth in retail loan portfolio this ...
For the 4,000-odd people who retired from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) before 1997 and are now in their 70s, the new year will ...
The troubled financial services major Citigroup today said it is selling its Diners Club North America card business to BMO ...
Public-sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it will buy a majority stake in Kazakhstan-based Dana Bank this fiscal ...
Subir Gokarn today took charge as the deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for a three-year term in place of Rakesh ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 10 paise to 46.57 against the US currency in early trade largely in line with other weak ...
The All India Regional Rural Bank Employees Association wants regional rural banks to have a greater autonomy in opening branches ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned soft-loan of Rs 4392-crore to the Orissa ...
Industrial Bank Co plans to raise 18 billion yuan ($2.6 billion) in 2010 in the third-largest share sale announced by a Chinese ...
The Insurance Brokers Association of India (IBAI) today demanded implementation of a mechanism to reduce delays in renewal of ...
To meet concerns that hybrid debt failed to absorb losses.
Birla Sun Life Insurance, which belongs to the Aditya Birla Group, has roped in four cricketers — Yuvraj Singh, Virender ...
Credit Suisse announced that it had appointed Rahul Chawla to the newly created position of Head, Global Markets Solutions Group ...
In a measure to control the circulation of counterfeit notes, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to issue bank ...
Hit by economic slowdown and dip in customers repayment capability,  ICICI Home Finance Company, subsidiary of ICICI Bank, ...
Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance is planning to raise Rs 1,300 crore, mainly through capital market debt instruments.
For the ...
Experian is the second credit bureau in the country to confirm conditions after Credit Information Bureau of India.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 49.53 crore towards development of Technopark ...
Venture capital company, GVFL has announced an investment of Rs 11 crore in Bangalore-based iNurture Education Solutions Limited. ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB), Andhra Bank and Legal & General’s insurance joint Venture, IndiaFirst Life Insurance Co, has ...
“We are targeting to be in the market in the first quarter next year (January to March). It is important to do it as ...
Financial services firm Edelweiss Capital today announced that it had entered into a joint venture (JV) agreement with Japanese ...
Mumbai-based HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company today said the various cost saving measures adopted by the company would lead ...
The Insurance sector is expected to witness a compounded growth rate of 10 per cent in 5-6 years, IRDA Chairman J Hari Narayan ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to keep a watch on transactions of customers with countries like Pakistan and ...
Subir Gokarn, former chief economist of rating agency Standard and Poor's (S&P), will take over as the Reserve Bank of ...
Global rating agency Moody's today retained its bleak outlook for the domestic banking industry saying the overall economic ...
As a first initiative of its kind in India, a World Bank entity will provide credit facility of up to $51 million to Kotak ...
Allahabad Bank is planning to come out with upper Tier II Bonds (Series II) amounting to Rs 500 crore shortly with a coupon rate ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 16 paise to 46.45 against the US currency extending Friday's gains in early trade today on hopes ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s second quarter monetary policy review signalled an exit from the central bank’s ...
Morgan Stanley agreed to hand over a real-estate business acquired in 2007 to Barclays Capital, ending the New York firm’s ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Plc sold $7 billion of debt due in March 2012, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, equaling the ...
Global rating agency Moody’s has retained a negative outlook on the Indian banking system due to the adverse effect of ...
Following the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority’s (Irda’s) cap on insurance charges, Life Insurance ...
"Despite the slowdown in the economy, life insurance industry has continued to grow as policyholders are realising the value ...
Consolidation of banks is good in a way as it envisages healthier banks in the global scenario and banking market, believes ...
With an experience in managing complex work programmes, Indian economist Siddharth Tiwari has been named as secretary of the ...
General Insurance Corporation (GIC), India’s national re-insurer, is expected to take a Rs 100-crore hit in claims for the ...
Four other banks ready to tap the market.
The recent case of Union Bank of India getting caught in the crossfire in Madhu Koda dealings has put banks on high alert and ...
Federal Reserve officials are stepping up scrutiny of the biggest US banks to ensure the lenders can withstand a reversal of ...
Shubhalakshmi A Panse has taken charge as Executive Director of Vijaya Bank.
State-run Union Bank of India today announced the appointment of Subhash Chander Kalia as its Executive Director.
“Credit growth is still subdued while deposits are growing at a much faster pace.
Public sector companies may continue to lose interest income on their idle deposits as the government has decided against ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co and Wells Fargo & Co are arranging an $8 billion loan for Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway ...
India's foreign exchange reserves rose by $0.962 million to $286.376 billion for the week ended November 13 from $285.414 billion ...
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it will raise Rs 700 crore by issues of bonds.
Private sector insurer HDFC Standard Life today said it plans to come with an initial public offer (IPO) in the next fiscal.
The 13th Finance Commission would submit its report containing recommendations mainly on the sharing of taxes between the Centre ...
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is in the process of examining whether registered portfolio managers invest in ...
SKS Microfinance, a Hyderabad-based non-banking finance company, has expanded its network to Tamil Nadu.
SBI Card, the credit card service offering from the State Bank and GE Capital, today launched mShop to enable its customers shop ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated marginally by 5 paise to 46.73 against the US dollar in opening trade largely on fears of ...
The Puducherry government has sought Rs 350 crore from the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) for ...
With the developed world seeing a fragile recovery from the recession, projected to be a modest 1-2 per cent in the second half ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) today said it raised Rs 81 crore by private placement of shares with qualified buyers.
After the ...
IFCI, the Delhi-based non-banking finance company, plans to sale stake in 16 companies across the sectors, including, iron and ...
The finance minister Prafulla Chandra Ghadai today presented the first supplementary demand for grants of Rs 2799.59 crore for ...
Brazil’s latest move to curb capital inflows weighed on the rupee as traders feared similar action from the Indian ...
Overseas funding is becoming more attractive for Indian companies with the cost of borrowing dollars falling to record lows.
The top management of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will brainstorm for three days, starting this evening, to find ways to deal ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) in the country need Rs 2,500 crore equity to meet statutory requirements and expand footprint.
Every Saturday at 2:00 pm, once the branch has closed for the day, staffers at ICICI Bank’s 1,500–odd branches will ...
India’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, is planning to raise funds for its overseas branches through five-year ...
State-owned Andhra Bank has enough capital and there was no need for government funds or follow-on public offer to meet its 20-25 ...
Most of the country’s 100 blocks without a bank branch are in the North-East.
A day after meeting finance ministry officials to discuss the consolidation roadmap for public sector banks, Canara Bank today ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank today opened 104 new branches across the country to mark the 104th anniversary ...
Nabard Consultancy Services Private Limited (Nabcons), a wholly owned subsidiary of Nabard established in 2003, is planning to ...
Private life insurance player, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, on Thursday tied up with India Post to reach out to rural markets ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) today said it has raised Rs 81 crore by private placement of shares with qualified buyers.
"We aim to break even in the next seven years (of operation)," IDBI Fortis Life Insurance Managing Director and CEO G V ...
State Bank of Mysore today announced that it plans to raise Rs 100 crore of Tier 1, or core capital, through Perpetual Debt ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 18 paise to 46.38 against the US currency in early trade on expectations of capital ...
Union Bank of India is planning to raise $500 million through bonds by the end of this financial year to fund its global ...
US-based Norwest Venture Partners (NVP), a venture capital (VC) investment company, has raised a $1.2-billion fund targeted at ...
Eleven years after entering India, investment bank NM Rothschild & Sons is banking on the revival of mergers and acquisitions ...
Bank lending rose by Rs 23,147 crore during the 14-day period ended November 6, unlike a contraction seen in the previous ...
Better times are ahead for the banking sector as a revival in economic activity coupled with inflation is likely to boost credit ...
Satisfied with the past performance of the Assam government in implementing power sector reforms, the Asian Development Bank ...
The government today appointed Subir Vithal Gokarn, Standard and Poor’s Asia-Pacific Chief Economist and a Business ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) advisory to banks for limiting their mutual fund (MF) exposure has prodded the lenders to put in ...
Barclays Global Retail Banking (GRB), India, the retail banking business of financial services provider Barclays, is evaluating ...
IDBI Fortis Life Insurance today launched a plan which would provide an additional guaranteed income to the customers.
Credit off-take for the fortnight ended November 6 saw an increase of over 9 per cent -- the slowest growth in 12 years.
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today launched its first international representative office in West Asia in Dubai.
Financial services firm Goldman Sachs has started a $500-million initiative to support small businesses across the United States, ...
Vikram Pandit, the India-born chief executive of Citigroup, will continue to take the salary of $1 a year, although the financial ...
The Indian rupee today inched higher by 8 paise to 46.22 against the US dollar in early trade on expectations of fresh capital ...
A panel set up by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended the setting up of an emergency fund to help urban cooperative ...
State-owned Union Bank of India on Tuesday said it followed all norms while accepting the Rs 982-crore deposits from an alleged ...
Finance ministry begins internal discussions.
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York gave up efforts to save taxpayer money on American International Group Inc’s rescue ...
UBS AG said it aims to reach 15 billion Swiss francs ($14.9 billion) in annual pretax earnings in three to five years, as Chief ...
Bank of America Corp, UBS AG, JPMorgan Chase & Co and other banks were sued by a California public utility over claims they ...
If the Finance and Investment Committee (FIC) of the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), scheduled to meet here ...
State-owned UCO Bank expects to receive Rs 750 crore from the government this month to shore up capital, Chairman and Managing ...
Lower transaction fee will not deter companies from going the extra mile to retain talent.
Ulip renewals take the lead.
Bank employees’ unions have rejected the proposal during the current round of wage negotiations.
There is a need for an umbrella organisation for urban cooperative banks (UCBs) to support them in many ways including extending ...
Swiss banking major UBS today said it aims to achieve the target of about 15 billion Swiss francs (around $14.7 billion) pre-tax ...
Better times are ahead for the banking sector as a revival in the economic activity coupled with inflation is likely to boost the ...
Taking a serious note of Union Bank of India (UBI) not reporting high-value transactions to it, the government has asked the ...
Tata AIG General Insurance has tied up with DBS Bank India (DBS) for distribution of insurance products from the latter's ...
The Indian rupee inched higher by 8 paise to 46.13 against the dollar in early trade today, extending gains for the third ...
The fast-rising rupee, vis-a-vis the US dollar, had hurt the $4 billion Indian leather industry, as currencies of competing ...
Paving the way for availing concessional finance, the Orissa government and its financing arm, Orissa State Finance Corporation ...
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown’s government will next week announce plans to make some bankers’ bonuses illegal as it ...
Insurance companies have sought changes in the draft exposure guidelines and have asked the regulator to defer their ...
Kerala-based private sector lender Federal Bank is likely to approve the merger of the state-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) ...
For the first time in its 75-year history, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might hire professionals from outside for specialised ...
As part of its platinum jubilee celebrations, the Reserve Bank of India has initiated a special programme called ‘Model ...
Claiming that the Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) was in its expansion mode and would open at least 200 new branches every year ...
HDFC Standard Life, the joint venture between HDFC and UK-based Standard Life, will infuse Rs 300 crore in the second half of the ...
Against demand of Rs 40,000 crore, likely funding at Rs 14,000 cr only.
Leading home loans lender HDFC expects its credit growth to exceed 20 per cent in the current fiscal, a top company official
Financial services major Citigroup has rejected UK-based private equity firm Terra Firma Capital Partners' bid to restructure ...
The Indian Banking sector needs at least 12 lakh business correspondents to work in rural areas to bring six-lakh villages of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will soon come out with norms for banks to augment the capital requirements that ...
India focused equity fund, UTI International India IT has become the best performing equity fund for sale in the Gulf Cooperation ...
The Indian rupee today strengthened by 20 paise to 46.11 against the US currency in early trade, extending gains for the second ...
The yield on government bonds is expected to remain firm on expectations that the inflation may rise and recovery in the ...
With very little chance of repayment from STCL, a Bangalore-based ailing subsidiary of State Trading Corporation, lenders are ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 546 crore credit to Uttar Pradesh under the Rural ...
CIT Group Inc, the bankrupt 101- year-old commercial lender, won temporary protection from lenders seeking to collect losses from ...
Public sector lender UCO Bank is planning to present to the government a blueprint for acquiring a slightly smaller public sector ...
Gold prices declined by Rs 150 to Rs 17,000 per ten gram in the bullion market here today on fall in demand at existing higher ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 51.35 crore for recapitalising rural ...
After State Bank of India’s recent $750-million medium-term note (MTN) issue, the country’s largest private sector ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s proposed guidelines on bank executives' compensation will be extended beyond just CEOs to all ...
Consolidation in the public sector banking space might begin with large banks in which the government holding is close to 51 per ...
Foreign exchange reserves stood at $284.391 billion in the previous week.
State-owned Union Bank of India (UBI) today sealed a deal with global payments company MasterCard and said it is hopeful of ...
The crucial meeting of board of directors of Kerala-based Federal Bank today failed to take any decision on the merger proposal ...
The Income Tax (I-T) department will on Monday question the Union Bank of India Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) why the bank ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), the country’s largest mortgage lender, today said it would acquire about 41 ...
Asian economies must handle their monetary and currency policies carefully to avoid unleashing a wave of potentially ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by four paise at 46.69 against the US dollar in early trade largely on fears of fresh capital ...
Continuing its agenda to simplify the foreign exchange regime, the Reserve bank of India (RBI) today said it intended to allow ...
Low cost of funds and low credit growth have meant unprecedented levels of capital adequacy ratios (CARs) for banks.
Non-life insurers earlier offered discounts as high as 97 per cent in some cases.
StanChart Global CEO says the bank is waiting for the right market conditions.
Mortgage major Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) aimed to grow loan approvals as well as disbursements by at least 20 per ...
The Centre is working out modalities with insurance companies to introduce an insurance cover for fish and shrimp stocks at a ...
Swiss bank UBS has been fined eight million pounds in the UK after four of its senior employees were found misusing funds of ...
The Anil Ambani group, whose accounts with Swiss banking giant UBS were among those misused by the bank’s staff, today said ...
The key challenge being faced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was managing the economic recovery process while anchoring ...
Sectors with export focus account for a majority of downgrades.
Bank unions have called for a countrywide bank strike on December 16 to protest the merger of State Bank of Indore with the State ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would submit a financial stability report on public and private sector banks by December this ...
British banking major Standard Chartered today said its proposed local listing would enhance its commitment to Indian market.
In a seeming contrast to disinvestment in other PSUs, the government is considering a proposal to increase its stake in select ...
Domestic demand in India is rising, but the country does not have the matching supply, making it essential for it to rely on ...
Global banking major, Standard Chartered, which is widely expected to list its shares on the bourses here in the first half of ...
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is believed to be contemplating stricter rules for mutual fund ...
Bihar will showcase itself as the "land of boundless opportunities" during the 29th India International Trade Fair ...
Robert Benmosche, the chief executive of American International Group (AIG), has said he remains committed to lead the insurance ...
Swiss bank UBS has been fined 8 million pounds in the UK after four of its senior employees were found misusing funds of ...
To afford a home of one’s own is every person’s dream.
Banks and financial institutions have been directed by the RBI to scan all existing accounts to ensure that these are not held by ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 11 paise to 46.41 against the US currency in early trade largely on fresh demand for the US ...
Richard Griffiths, a managing director at Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc in Hong Kong, resigned after 14 months with the firm, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has pointed out serious lapses in the way banks sold derivative products in 2007 and 2008.
This ...
The country's second-largest lender, ICICI Bank, today entered into an agreement with the Singapore Mercantile Exchange (SMX) for ...
Cryobanks International India, a leader in umbilical cord blood stem cell banking, aims to expand its network in Orissa by ...
In a bid to avoid unpleasant surprises, private equity players and companies are demanding covers against changing tax rules. ...
Cricket fans were not the only ones left disappointed by the cancellation of the India-Australia one-day international (ODI) ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is likely to ask insurers to mark-to-market (MTM) their entire ...
Job openings in London’s financial-services industry rose to the highest level in a year last month, according to a survey ...
Dodd measure would curb Fed’s ability to give emergency loans.
Development Credit Bank (DCB) today said it will raise funds up to Rs 100 crore by way of private placement of shares with ...
Dutch financial services firm ING today reported euro 499 million profit for the third quarter, helped by strong performance in ...
Public-sector lender Central Bank of India has reduced deposit rates by 0.25-0.50 per cent across various maturities inorder to ...
The country's second largest lender, ICICI Bank, today entered into an agreement with Singapore Mercantile Exchange (SMX) for ...
Troubled insurer American International Group's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Robert Benmosche is considering stepping down from ...
A Chicago court has given 60 days deadline to FBI to complete its investigations and file an indictment into the foiled terror ...
The Indian rupee weakened further by about ten paisa to 46.60 against the dollar in early trade today amid steady trend in local ...
Lloyds Banking Group Plc, Britain’s biggest mortgage lender, said it plans to cut about 5,000 jobs in its administration, ...
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays Plc and JPMorgan Chase & Co are competing to sell shares for state-run companies in ...
China was closely watching international capital flows and would gradually liberalise the renminbi exchange rate, Deputy Governor ...
Vietnam, which recorded a growth of 6.23 percent in 2008 despite global recession, has called for more Indian investment in that ...
The Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) in Orissa, in association with the nationalized banks sponsoring them, have prepared the road map ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said that an exit from an easy monetary policy must be calibrated in a manner that ...
Inter-regulatory committee set up to fix norms.
Syndicated deals for small transactions pick up pace in a bid to derisk investments.
British financial service firm Lloyds Banking Group Plc will slash 5,000 jobs by the end of next year, a media report says.
The country's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, today said there would be no revision in interest rates for sometime, ...
British banking major Barclays today reported a fall of 54 per cent in the third quarter profit after tax at 1.07 billion pounds, ...
State-owned Union Bank of India (UBI) today said it has sought financial assistance to the tune of Rs 1,800 crore from the ...
Health insurer Apollo DKV today said it expects to double its premium collection to over Rs 100 crore in the current fiscal.
ING Life today launched a unit-linked investment solution, ING Flexi Life Plus, which offers flexibility in premium payments as ...
Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company a non-life insurance joint venture between Sundaram Finance and UK’s RSA today ...
Continuing with its rising streak for the fifth day, the rupee appreciated by 6 paise in early trade today to hit a three-week ...
Canara HSBC Life Insurance is planning to foray into group insurance by the beginning of the next financial year.
It is also ...
Japanese investors who lived through a decade of deflation and recessions say US Treasuries are a bargain even with yields at ...
Andhra Bank, whose insurance venture with Bank of Baroda and Legal & General was launched today, has approached the regulator ...
Subscribers of the low-cost version of the New Pension Scheme (NPS), called CRA Lite, will not be allowed to open a second ...
The country’s largest mortgage lender, Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), plans to exercise the warrants ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co’s investment bank, survivors of the worst financial ...
Innovation should be something that satisfies two basic criteria – fulfil a basic need and should be replicable at ...
Exim Bank, today said it has appointed Ravneet Kaur, a finance ministry official, as the bank's interim chairman and managing ...
Australian financial services provider AXA Asia Pacific Holdings (AXA APH) has rejected a $10-billion joint takeover bid from its ...
ICICI Bank today said it would reduce its stake in BPO company Firstsource in a phased manner, even as there are reports of ...
Backed by strong credit demand mainly in the auto segment, private sector lender, HDFC Bank has disbursed Rs 3,000-crore of ...
State-owned Union Bank of India (UBI) today said there is no immediate plan to cut deposit rates even as leading banks like State ...
The Indian rupee surged further by 30 paisa to 46.50 against the dollar in early trade today on fresh dollar selling by exporters ...
Finance ministry is understood to have supported the Anil Ambani group’s plans to raise $1.1 billion of overseas loans for ...
In an attempt to weed out inactive accounts and increase low-cost deposits, foreign banks are increasing the minimum balance that ...
Bank credit fell sharply in the first half of the financial year, but the overall funds flow to the corporate sector was ...
The yield on government bonds is likely to be impacted by the prospect of a soft interest rate trend in the near future.
Global banking behemoth Standard Chartered plans to hire 3,000 employees in India by the end of 2010, a year that would also see ...
Private-sector lender Dhanalakshmi Bank has obtained market regulator Sebi's approval for starting its merchant banking business ...
Taking cue from bigger banks, state-run Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has slashed its home and vehicle loan rates and reduced deposit ...
Private lender Yes Bank today said it will raise about Rs 1,500 crore during this fiscal to fund its growth strategy.
The country’s foreign exchange reserves fell $1.13 billion in the week up to September 11 to $284.4 billion on the back of ...
IDBI Bank said on Friday it would come out with a follow-on public offer (FPO) in January to meet its capital needs.
It also ...
Munich Re today said it would further reduce its exposure to India as entry of new general insurance companies in the market was ...
The bank extends 8% home loan scheme till March.
Continuing in the black for the second straight quarter, American International Group (AIG) has posted profits to the tune of ...
India's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has extended its special home loan scheme at 8 per cent interest rate by over ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), in which the UK government holds majority stake, has posted an operating loss of 1.53 billion ...
With this, deposits with a maturity of 181 days to less than one year will now carry an interest rate of 5.25 per cent against ...
Private non-life insurer Bajaj Allianz today announced the appointment of Hemant Kaul as the new CEO of the company.
Bailed out mortgage lender Fannie Mae has reported losses of $19.76 billion for the September quarter, bogged down by staggering ...
Financial service major Citigroup is planning to relaunch Citi Alternative Investments, a unit that contains its hedge fund ...
Tata Teleservices today announced a partnership with Corporation Bank and PayMate to launch a mobile money transfer service in ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 20 paise to touch a week-high of 46.80 against the US dollar in early trade, on dollar ...
In an attempt to increase the flexibility and transparency of annuity products, the Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
All citizens of the country can now buy a pension plan at retirement age with the pension regulator increasing the maximum age ...
The move goes against RBI’s hint of withdrawal of easy money policy.
Banks see funds flowing into current, savings accounts.
Mangalore-based Corporation Bank has projected Rs 4,000-6,000 crore capital requirement to the government assuming a business ...
Central bank unlikely to allow inclusion of write-offs in loan-loss coverage calculation.
Restates its pledge to keep rates ‘exceptionally low’.
Standard Chartered (StanChart), the third-largest bank in the United Kingdom by market value, wants to do business almost ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co and UBS AG expect mergers advisory to account for a bigger slice of revenue in India next year as ...
The India Innovation Fund (IIF) — set up in January 2008 — promoted by the National Association of Software and ...
Eyeing to grow big in the domestic banking space, state-run Corporation Bank today launched its loan syndication business and ...
Continuing with its soft monetary stance, Bank of England (BoE) today retained the benchmark interest rate at 0.50 per cent for ...
The US central bank has retained near-zero rate regime to boost the country's fragile recovery and said cheap credit would ...
Setting its eye on the growing internet users, Aegon Religare Life Insurance today launched iTerm Plan offerring it exclusivley ...
Four companies including IFCI Venture, Capital 18 have submitted their proposals to become the strategic investor of state-owned ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 9 paise to 47.14 against the US dollar, largely on fears of capital outflows by foreign ...
Funds may lose an investment option as RBI bans short-term NCDs.
Public sector lender Central Bank of India has offered to buy out other shareholders in its home finance subsidiary, Centbank ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said it has no plans to revise its most popular home loan ...
The government planned to amend a law this year allowing it to reduce holding in State Bank of India (SBI) and let the ...
New-age private banker YES Bank is now focusing on eastern Uttar Pradesh and will soon expand its footprint in the region.
The All India Bank Employees’ Association (AIBEA) is planning to go on a one-day strike by November-end to protest the ...
Societe Generale SA, France’s second-largest bank by market value, said third-quarter earnings doubled as its ...
Life insurance companies have managed to pare their losses during the first half of the current financial year, partly due to a ...
Finance and industry ministries are holding consultations on whether to bring the banking sector under the purview of new FDI ...
A week after the Reserve Bank of India asked banks to raise the loan-loss coverage ratio to 70 per cent, the issue is still ...
The current liquidity glut in the banking system is not a matter of concern as of now, Finance Secretary Ashok Chawla said today.
For the first time since April 1997, growth in bank credit has dropped to single-digit levels, an indication that demand is yet ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF), which sold 200 tonnes of gold for about $6.7 billion to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), ...
Country's biggest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it did not have any immediate plans to revise home loan interest ...
The International Monetary Fund, which sold 200 tonnes of gold for about $6.7 billion to the Reserve Bank of India, today said it ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 22 paise in early trade today on expectations of fresh capital inflows by capital funds as stock ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke is gambling that come March, he can stop the purchases of mortgage-backed securities that ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and Lloyds Banking Group Plc will receive 31.3 billion pounds ($51 billion) in a second bailout ...
Cincinnati-based high-tech investment group, Vora Ventures, which runs its Indian operations from Ahmedabad, announced a ...
Loan syndication by banks for Indian firms in the domestic and overseas market has already reached a total of $38.5 billion (Rs ...
Gross non-performing assets up 23% in 12 months.
After venturing into the private equity (PE) space earlier through a joint venture, financial services provider Religare is now ...
The bonds will help economies get cheaper insurance against natural disasters.
The extra yield investors demand to own Asian speculative-grade corporate bonds instead of government debt may increase by as ...
SBI had introduced its Happy Home loan scheme, that allowed the borrower to freeze the eight per cent interest rate for a year, ...
Australia raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter percentage point for the second straight month, becoming the only ...
Gross non-performing assets up 23% in 12 months.
Central banks plan to raise gold holdings in view of dollar’s fall.
Ikya Human Capital Solutions, the Bangalore-based HR services firm, is likely to be a target for global HR firms planning to set ...
The International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank group, will work with the Andhra Pradesh government to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today came out with draft guidelines to regulate the issuance of non-convertible debentures ...
To cash in on its huge branch network and client base, State Bank of India (SBI) is all set to start wealth management business ...
Bailed out British banking majors Lloyds Banking Group and the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) have agreed to sell part of their ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank recorded a 30.16 per cent increase in net profit for the first half year at Rs 237.45 crore over Rs ...
Australia's central bank today raised interest rates by a widely-tipped 25 basis points for a second successive month to 3.5 per ...
Swiss banking giant UBS has reported a loss of 564 million Swiss francs for the third quarter of this year, dragged by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that it had concluded the purchase of 200 tonnes of gold from the International ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 10 paise to 47.06 against the US dollar in early trade, largely on fears of fresh capital ...
The aim is to lower losses from risks underwritten by them.
The Kolkata-based Uco Bank plans to complete the process of migration of all its branches in Orissa to the Core Banking Solution ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), West Bengal is planning to introduce a new financing scheme for ...
Citigroup Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co are hoarding cash as if another crisis were on the way.
Citigroup has almost doubled ...
The extra freedom given to the 26 public sector banks from this year to choose their statutory auditors has auditing companies ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM), the Bangalore-based associate bank of State Bank of India, is planning to raise Rs 600 crore through ...
Hemant Kaul, executive director of Axis Bank, would soon join Bajaj Allianz General Insurance as chief executive officer, the ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Mysore, an associate of SBI, today said its board has approved raising about Rs 600 crore ...
Several banks and housing finance companies have come under the scanner of the competition watchdog for imposing penalty on ...
Total business increased to Rs 24,000 crore in the July-September quarter, up 9.09 per cent from Rs 22,000 crore in the ...
Rating agency Moody's today said the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) stricter norms for non-performing loans and for loans to ...
Encouraged by rising profits in the second quarter, ICICI Bank Chief Excecutive Officer (CEO) Chanda Kochhar has said the lender ...
The British government is planning to pump in an additional capital of up to £19 billion into the Royal Bank of Scotland ...
Indian Bank has set a target to double its international business to Rs 8,000 crore in the next three years.
The British government is planning to pump in an additional capital of up to 19 billion pound into the Royal Bank of Scotland ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) decision to up commercial real estate property loan provision of banks may force the lenders to ...
State Bank of India Chairman OP Bhatt addressed a press conference to announce the bank’s results and dwell on his ...
Insurers are likely to take a hit of up to Rs 140 crore from the recent fire accident at the IOC marketing plant near Jaipur.
The ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, today said that its consolidated net profit rose 28.29 per cent to ...
City Union Bank has reported a 21.5 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended September 30 at Rs 45.75 crore as compared ...
Private sector lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank today reported a nearly four-fold rise in net profit to Rs 44.66 crore for the six ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra’s net profit for the July-September quarter rose 22.86 per cent to Rs 86.68 crore ...
Public sector Andhra Bank today said its net profit for the quarter ended September 30 grew 70 per cent to Rs 274 crore from Rs ...
India's largest public sector bank, State Bank of India (SBI) today reported 10.18 per cent rise in Q2 net profit for the quater ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has pipped ICICI Bank to emerge as the second-largest bank in terms of the size of business.
Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) has reported over two-and-a-half times growth in net profit at Rs 22 crore for the quarter ended ...
Central Bank of India said its net profit jumped over three-fold to Rs 313.9 crore for the second quarter ended September 30 over ...
United Bank of India (UBI) posted a net profit of Rs 83.83 crore for the quarter ended September 2009, as against a loss of Rs ...
Public sector Syndicate Bank today reported a 32 per cent drop in net profit to Rs 177.8 crore for the second quarter ended ...
ICICI Bank on Friday said its consolidated net profit rose 75.7 per cent to Rs 1,144.6 crore in the quarter ended September on ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender, Corporation Bank, has shown a 28.5 per cent growth in its total business to Rs 133,456 ...
India's foreign exchange reserves rose by $684 million for the week ended October 23 to $285.520 billion from $284.836 billion in ...
State-run lender Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) plans to recruit about 1,550 personnel, including 100 marketing managers, over ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 32 paise at 46.88 a dollar in early trade today following dollar's weakness against other Asian ...
At a time when the government is pushing banks to go for financial inclusion, the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for promoting housing finance ...
As an immediate step towards providing relief to the population affected by drought and floods, Andhra Pradesh chief minister K ...
Standard Chartered Bank today said it was actively considering listing its shares in India.
LIC Housing Finance posted a 27 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 171.25 crore for the quarter ended September 30 as compared ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved United Bank of India’s (UBI’s) initial public offering (IPO), which will ...
Mutual funds run by companies including BlackRock Inc. and T.
Rowe Price Group Inc. have begun buying bonds through a $1 trillion ...
Urged by banks, the Union finance ministry will give attention to a scheme to insure study loans.
PNB, Corp Bank and Vijaya Bank’s profits rise.
Shriram Life Insurance, a joint venture between the Shriram group and South Africa-based Sanlam Life Insurance, is likely to ...
The Bill conflicts with the Banking Regulation Act.
The country's second-largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB), today said it plans to buy a majority stake in a ...
Extending its losses for the fourth day, the Indian rupee today depreciated by 25 paise in early trade to 47.59 against the US ...
The new Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) norms, which stipulate changes in the way foreign investment in a domestic company is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the finance ministry have not resolved the issue of the status of the seven private sector ...
Seek inclusion of write-offs; RBI says no to deadline extension.
GMAC, the lender that received two government bailouts totaling $13.5 billion, is in talks with the Treasury Department to ...
The recent farm debt waivers announced by the Centre have potential to cripple the healthy Indian banking sector.
Subir Gokarn, chief economist for Asia-Pacific at global ratings agency Standard and Poor’s and a Business Standard ...
Banks base credit card, loan decisions on residential address rather than only borrower’s income profile.
BOC India, a member of The Linde Group, will be investing Rs 600 crore in setting up an air separation unit (ASU) at Tata ...
Life Insurance Corporation ( LIC) and the Andhra Pradesh government signed an MoU on Wednesday for providing pensions to the ...
The bank’s net profit in the same period last year was Rs 162 crore.
Control on operating expenses and growth in margins and other income helped Bank of Baroda (BoB) post a 60.4 per cent rise in net ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank posted 86 per cent growth in consolidated net profit to Rs 300 crore from Rs 160.9 ...
Insurance company, Max New York Life Insurance Co.
Ltd, launched its product 'Secure Dreams' in Gujarat today, The product ...
Retail and corporate loan rates may stay the same as bankers today ruled out any increase in lending rates in the next three to ...
Dewan Hosing Finance Limited (DHFL) reported 69.96 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 37.51 crore for the quarter ended ...
The second-quarter macroeconomic and monetary development report released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said concerns on the ...
To increase banking penetration and promote financial inclusion, the Reserve Bank today relaxed branch opening norms for lenders ...
Allahabad Bank Chairman and Managing Director K R Kamath has been appointed as the chief of the country's second largest public ...
Retail and corporate loan rates may stay the same as bankers today ruled out any increase in lending rates in the next three to ...
Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB)has started providing service for NRIs joining the New Pension Scheme (NPS) implemented by ...
Aiming to tackle inflationary pressures, the Reserve Bank today increased a key statutory deposit ratio for banks by one ...
The Reserve Bank of India today in its quarterly review of the Credit Policy left key rates unchanged.
Continuing with its yesterday's losses, the Indian rupee today depreciated by another 25 paise to 46.89 against the US currency ...
Net interest income growth still remains subdued.
The Singapore government and its investment arm, Temasek Holdings, have been gradually reducing stake in ICICI Bank, their one of ...
Close on the heels of signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the public sector State Bank of India (SBI) for ...
State-run IDBI Bank has raised a $225-million foreign currency loan to fuel its business growth and plans to raise $1.5 billion ...
ING will sell its stake in the life insurance business by 2013 as part of its ongoing Back to Basics programme by moving towards ...
Indian Bank posted a 31.48 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 371.99 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, as compared ...
Professional forecasters have added to Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Duvvurri Subbarao’s dilemma on timing the exit ...
Although year-on-year inflation is still only 1.2 per cent, strong upward trends seen in the Wholesale Price Index (WPI) ...
With the government raising over 80 per cent of its planned borrowings in the first half of the financial year on the back of ...
The Chinese Yuan seemingly pegged to the falling US dollar, it is helping Indian apparel companies find inputs for the products ...
The Bangalore-based public sector lender, Canara Bank, today said it aims to touch an aggregate business mix of Rs 4 lakh crore, ...
Absence of private and foreign banks and general slowdown behind poor show.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may leave the policy rates untouched when it reviews the monetary policy on Tuesday, HSBC India ...
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner’s plans to lock in near record-low borrowing costs in 2010 may mean a second year of ...
Commercial banks have not done enough in extending small credit to needy borrowers in the country, Naina Lal Kidwai, chief ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 117.07 crore under Rural infrastructure ...
The Indian rupee rose marginally by 2 paise per US dollar at 46.48 in opening trade today, on hopes of higher capital inflows ...
Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp paid top executives an average of $18.2 million each last year as the banks accepted $90 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI ) has started a review of the new bank licensing norms.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may de-license or leave it to banks to open branches in rural and semi-urban centres, in a step ...
Private sector Karnataka Bank said its net profit declined by 77.78 per cent to Rs 16.35 crore for the quarter ended September ...
Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank on Saturday reported 28.7 per cent fall in net profit for the quarter ended September 30 to Rs ...
On an expansion drive in the state of Gujarat, Shriram Life Insurance Co.
Ltd., a joint venture between the Shriram Group and ...
The life insurance industry recorded 12.85 per cent growth in new business premium during the first half of the financial year ...
To facilitate flow of credit to various sectors of the state’s economy including the micro, small and medium enterprises ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 28 paise to 46.46 a dollar in early trade today as the US currency weakened against other Asian ...
Provision of a unique identity (UID) for person comprising his or her demographic and biometric details will become a power ...
Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) has set a target of Rs 20, 000 crore business by March 2010 from the present Rs ...
‘Opaque lending structure needs to be changed’.
Credit Suisse Group AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank by market value, reported the highest quarterly profit in more than two ...
According to the latest fortnightly data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) this evening, during the fortnight ended ...
Backed by robust growth in treasury income, Allahabad Bank posted an eight-fold rise in net profit to Rs 333.59 crore for the ...
Despite a reduction in off-balance sheet exposure of Indian banks in 2008-09, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said the regulators ...
Sounding a note of caution over the declining loan growth rate, now at a 12-year low, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today ...
Axis Bank hired Barclays Plc, HSBC Holdings, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Standard Chartered to help sell its first dollar bonds ...
With banks increasing their dependence on bulk deposits to fund credit growth, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today emphasized ...
Rupee dropped, completing the biggest two-day loss in two months, as declines in local stocks spurred speculation capital inflows ...
Pointing to the liquidity problems that non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) faced during last year’s financial crisis, ...
At a time when the banking regulatory structure is under review internationally, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today made a ...
Swiss banking major Credit Suisse Group today returned into black with a third quarter profit of 2,354 million Swiss francs, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to wait for a further rise in inflation before it raises its benchmark lending and ...
Extending losses for the second day the Indian rupee today depreciated by another 15 paise to 46.63 against the US currency in ...
Foreign banks record 7.6% drop in credit flow, private players see 3.7% growth.
State Bank of India (SBI) has got the finance ministry’s clearance to start talks to merge its subsidiary, State Bank of ...
Standard Chartered Bank expects a steady 13-15 per cent growth in credit over the next one year, a top company official said on ...
The proposal is to create 8-10 large banks.
Unraveling a GPF (General Provident Fund) scam of at least Rs 1.5 crore in the Primary Health Centre at Muzaffarpur, the ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has posted a net profit of Rs 122 crore for the second quarter of this year, as against Rs 113 ...
Buoyed by a 90 per cent growth in non-interest income, private sector lender Yes Bank reported a 75.6 per cent growth in net ...
The finance ministry has asked public sector lender IDBI Bank to explore other options before finalising plans to sell its ...
Central Bank of India has started restructuring its home finance subsidiary, Centbank Home Finance, in an attempt to raise the ...
In a signal that interest rates would remain benign for another few months, the Prime Minister’s Economic Advisory Council ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 33 paise against the US currency in early trade on strong demand from importers for the ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today raised $750 million (around Rs 3,500 crore) in the overseas ...
India’s switch to a monthly wholesale-price index (WPI) from a weekly gauge may make government bonds more attractive by ...
Low economic activity and unwillingness by insurers to underwrite loss-making portfolios led to a fall in business for segments ...
Central bank may mandate capital adequacy norms, separate branding.
Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank (APGVB), a regional rural bank sponsored by State Bank of India, has selected IBM's hardware ...
The benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) is set to give way to a new loan pricing regime.
Called Base Rate by a committee of the ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 28 paise against the US currency in early trade today following dollar's weakness against other ...
Are you not happy with the services being offered by State Bank of India
? Do not worry; you are just one SMS away from getting ...
Future Generali India Life Insurance, the insurance joint venture between Kishore Biyani-promoted Future Group and Italian ...
With an aim to achieve total financial inclusion by 2012, the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) will launch 3,000 Farmers’ Clubs across Uttar Pradesh in the ...
State Bank of Hyderabad, an associate bank of State Bank of India, will set up 150 branches by March next year, of which about 50 ...
Banks are witnessing a sharp rise in online transactions as an increasing number of customers log on to the internet to pay their ...
Moody’s Investors Service on Monday assigned Baa2 long-term rating to State Bank of India’s (SBI’s) senior ...
Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) have sought exemption from minimum alternate tax (MAT) under the proposed direct tax ...
Put plans on hold after HK caps expansion, Singapore orders stricter asset norms.
Indicating a spurt in economic activities, payments made through debit cards rose over 40 per cent to Rs 9,911 crore in the first ...
An excess liquidity in the system enabled companies and banks to raise short-term funds through issuance of commercial papers ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may not raise its key policy rates at the monetary policy review on October 27, but there is an ...
Indicating a spurt in economic activities, payments made through debit cards rose over 40 per cent to Rs 9,911 crore in the first ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has called for interaction among regulators of various countries to deal with systemic risks ...
A $320-million (approximately Rs 1,568 crore) loan to design, improve the quality, capacity and safety of roads in Andhra Pradesh ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) will restructure agriculture loans to the tune of Rs 1,200 crore in the flood affected districts of ...
India’s third-largest private sector lender, Axis Bank, today announced a major reshuffle of its top management as it ...
Four Trinamool Congress MLAs were arrested today for staging a dharna at the state secretariat, a protest described by Chief ...
Dutch financial services major ING today said it will sell its US group reinsurance business to Reinsurance Group of America.
During the week, the foreign currency assets increased to $264.942-billion from $263.465-billion in the previous week, the RBI ...
Private lender Axis Bank today announced the reorganisation of its operations into four Strategic Business Units (SBUs).
Financial services firm Bank of America (BofA) has swung into a third-quarter loss of $1 billion, as the bailed out entity ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 4 paise against the dollar in the opening trade on the firmness of the greenback against ...
Falling rates, subdued equity markets make these instruments attractive.
Rupee fell, reversing earlier gains, on speculation importers were buying foreign exchange to save on costs.
It retreated from ...
After facing tough times as a fallout of the economic slowdown, Indian companies now have to bother less about credit quality due ...
For the first time in ten months, India has reduced its investment in American debt securities.
India’s holding of US ...
Rs 800-cr follow-on public issue likely by Jan.
ING confirmed on Thursday that it plans to retain its Indian private banking operations even as it announced the sale of its ...
The UK subsidiaries and branches of leading overseas banks have agreed to support the reforms related to bankers’ pay that ...
The ruling Congress in Maharashtra, tipped to emerge as the single largest party when the Assembly poll results are out on ...
Dharwad deputy commissioner Darpan Jain has asked flood-hit farmers not to resort to extreme steps like committing suicide as the ...
The 18-month drought is about to end, with several Indian companies and financial institutions planning to tap the foreign bond ...
Banking behemoth Citigroup has posted profits of $101 million for the third quarter, even as the partially US government-owned ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may hike cash reserve ratio (CRR) by 50 basis points by end-March to mop-up excess liquidity from ...
Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank plans to float a venture capital fund and an asset management company (AMC) next year, a top ...
To get a toe-hold in the overseas market, public sector lender Central Bank of India is exploring the possibility of opening ...
Money transfer firm Western Union Financial Services plans to tie up with e-governance service providers and microfinance ...
Singapore-based Oversea Chinese Banking Corporation (OCBC) will acquire the Asian private banking business of Dutch financial ...
The PSU lender had a net profit of Rs 150.09 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal, UCO Bank said in a filing to the ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 33 paise against the dollar to breach the 46 level after nearly 13 months in opening trade today ...
The Treasury Department failed to monitor “explosively controversial” bonuses American International Group (AIG) paid ...
Arunachal Pradesh may be one of the poorest and underdeveloped states of India, but when it comes to wealth of the candidates, in ...
Irda nod to policies with flexible premium, sum assured and tenure.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might not resort to hiking interest rates as the first option to roll back their accommodative ...
JPMorgan Chase & Co, the second- largest US bank by assets, said profit in the third quarter soared almost sevenfold, beating ...
The rupee rose to a one-year high on strong capital flows and banks selling dollars to benefit from the arbitrage between the ...
Future Generali India Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between Future Group of India and Generali Group of Italy, would be ...
As part of its retail expansion plan, state-run Central Bank of India is planning to grow its home loan book by 25 per cent by ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Indore today reported a 25.69 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 78.62 crore for the second ...
Aided by strong growth across its core and non-core businesses, IndusInd Bank registered a 130 per cent rise in net profit to Rs ...
I have lost my life insurance policy document.
How can I get a duplicate one?
I don’t have any receipt for the payment
Strong non-core income growth pushes revenues.
The model of universal life policy (ULP), which is ideally targeted towards the poor (micro-finance), is being replicated by some ...
Public sector lender, Central Bank of India, expects its home loan segment to grow by 25 per cent in the current fiscal, which ...
The Indian rupee today rose to one- year high of 46.13 against the $, which plummeted to a new low against its major rivals, on ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not likely to hike interest rates in its monetary policy review on October 27 even as ...
Indusind Bank has clocked a 131 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 77.82-crore in Q2 FY10 as against Rs 33.66-crore in year-ago ...
Standard Chartered Bank, in partnership with DHL Express India and Williams Lea, has launched Doorstep Trade Service, a unique ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Indore today reported 25.69 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 78.62 crore for the second ...
The bank had a net profit of Rs 527.98 crore in the September quarter of FY09, HDFC Bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
Barclays Global Retail and Commercial Bank (GRCB) India today said its customers of business loans who are regular in the ...
In the quarter ended June 2009, the bank had recorded a net loss of Rs 35.3 crore.
It expects a turnaround in 6-9 months.
Total ...
Punjab & Sind Bank, one of the two unlisted public sector banks in the country, is aiming to dilute government holding by ...
Corporation Bank today said it has sought financial assistance from the government to meet its credit growth need of about 25 per ...
Almost all the nationalised banks are seeking fresh infusion of funds by the government to enhance their capacity to lend and ...
Punjab & Sind Bank, one of the two unlisted public sector banks in the country, is aiming to dilute government holding by ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) has posted the highest-ever quarterly net profit of Rs 72.57 crore in the second quarter of the current ...
Mortgage lender Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has posted a 24 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter ...
When finance minister Pranab Mukherjee comes to Kolkata on October 24 to meet the heads of public sector banks in the east, the ...
After recently venturing into mutual funds, Axis Bank on Monday announced that it plans to setting up a non-banking financial ...
Continuing the good run in its trading room, India’s third-largest private sector lender Axis Bank saw a 32 per cent ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set no target level for the rupee and would only limit volatility in the ...
Kerala-based South Indian Bank has registered a 40.43 per cent growth in net profit of Rs 72.57 crore for the quarter ended ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has decided to make available samples of transaction level data on ...
Making a strong case for delaying the withdrawal of accommodative monetary stance of the Reserve Bank of India, some of the bank ...
City-based non-banking finance company, SKS Microfinance, has been rated PR1+ SO by Credit Analysis and Research Limited (CARE) ...
May subscribe to preferential equity.
Insurance sector regulator, IRDA, is considering whether to allow banks to tie-up with two-to-three insurance companies to sell ...
The financial major had a net profit of Rs 534.23 cr in the September quarter last fiscal, HDFC said in a filing to the Bombay ...
Birla Sun Life AMC today announced dividends in three equity funds and one balanced fund scheme.
Private sector Dhanalakshmi Bank has lowered its deposit rates by up to 1 per cent.
Standard Chartered Plc has got an approval from the Reserve Bank of India to list on the country's stock exchanges, but the bank ...
Private sector lender Axis Bank recorded a 31.95 per cent rise in its standalone net profit at Rs 531.64 crore for the second ...
Citigroup will have to pay $6,00,000 in fine to an US regulator for providing derivative transactions as that helped foreign ...
South Indian Bank [SIB]  has registered the highest ever quarterly net profit of Rs. 72.57 crore during the second quarter ...
The Indian rupee today extended the previous session's weakness and depreciated by 20 paise to 46.60 against the US currency in ...
Despite economic downturn, four branches of the Punjab National Bank (PNB) in Britain doubled their deposits in the six months ...
For the first time in more than three months, a week has passed without any US bank failure.
Customers will be offered five free third-party withdrawals per month from savings accounts and will be charged from the sixth ...
A group of shareholders of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) today said it is planning to take legal action against the bank for ...
Citigroup has hired the services of Richard F Hohlt, a long time Washington "insider" with a history of aggressive ...
Interested in knowing your credit worthiness?
You can get that at Rs 142 as the Credit Information Bureau of India has started ...
Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance General Insurance has achieved a premium collection of more than Rs 1,000 crore in the first half ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has won a cybersquatting case at the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO) against a South ...
Unrestricted usage of third-party ATMs ends on Thursday.
Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) today said it had emerged as the largest service provider in the country for New Pension ...
Bad assets of microfinance institutions (MFIs) are expected to triple to 1.5 per cent by March 2010 compared to the March 2009 ...
Despite the global financial crisis, there was enough liquidity in the Indian banking system and banks were willing to extend ...
The country’s second-largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB), is planning to seek Rs 3,000 crore from the ...
UK-based lender Standard Chartered Plc (StanChart) was in the process of finalising the size and time of its Indian Depository ...
Kerala-based South Indian Bank today said it has emerged as the largest service provider in the country for New Pension System-- ...
Demand zooms for expertise in equity, infrastructure & telecom.
These villages will be used as a successful instance of financial inclusion and literacy for future campaigns while convincing ...
HSBC InvestDirect will focus on technology upgrade and manpower to strengthen its new retail broking business.
“We hope to ...
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda today said it has witnessed a 27 per cent growth in loans in September against the same ...
Under the scheme, the bank will provide housing loans at 8.25 per cent for the first two years on loans up to Rs 30 lakh and 9.25 ...
Private lender Federal Bank today said that it was expecting to get report from consultancy firm KPMG, entrusted with the job of ...
The country's biggest mortgage lender HDFC today said robust activities in the low-cost housing segment presents an important ...
Public sector Dena Bank today opened its Corporate Business Branch here.
The Indian rupee came under pressure today after a five-day strong rally and fell marginally by five paisa to 46.39 against the ...
Indian rupee rose marginally by 2 paise to 46.32 in opening trade today, extending its rally for the sixth session, on hopes of ...
The rupee has gained 3.1 per cent in the past four sessions on expectations that India's high-yielding currency and improving ...
The Finance and Investment Committee, the key advisory body of the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), today ...
Future Generali India Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between the Future Group and Generali of Italy, launched Future ...
About 25 lakh life insurance agents have opposed the recommendations of Swarup Committee on elimination of upfront commission ...
The bank had observed SBT Harithotsavam 2009 , an intensive campaign to increase lending to farmers during this period, targeting ...
Anil Ambani group firm Reliance Capital on Thursday said it planned to enter investment banking space by the end of the current ...
Bharti Axa General Insurance Company is planning to infuse Rs 645 crore of capital in the next five years.
It is also looking at ...
The government has given an in-principle approval to State Bank of India (SBI) and State Bank of Indore’s merger, a senior ...
Banks from four regions will meet Mukherjee separately this month.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) could signal tightening of interest rates before the end of the current year as the country is ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has pumped in Rs 10,000 crore till August to refinance banks, of ...
The British and European central banks today left their key interest rates unchanged at low levels, continuing with their efforts ...
One of the shareholders of Bank of America (BofA) has opposed the firm's idea to zero in on an insider to replace its outgoing ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by another 30 paise to trade at one-year high of 46.36 a dollar in opening trade today, extending ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, which has identified infrastructure as one of its growth drivers, ...
Tata Group-owned British car maker Jaguar Land Rover today announced it had secured a £175 million (Rs 1,300 crore) from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has not approached the finance ministry on the issue of raising cap on banks’ ...
Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Life Insurance said Wednesday its asset under management (AUM) has crossed Rs 10,000 crore and it ...
After having seen the impact of the Rs 60,000-crore farm debt waiver in the general elections, the government has planned to ...
Reliance Capital expects a government waiver for floating its life insurance venture’s initial public offering (IPO) by ...
Bank credit grew by 12.62 per cent — the slowest in six years — in the first half of this financial year compared to ...
Central bank concerned with volatility, and not direction.
The Sensex today opened with a positive gap of 110 points at 17,069 on the back of strong global vibes.
The index soon spurted to ...
The race to succeed Kenneth Lewis as the Bank of America Corp chief executive has narrowed to two internal candidates, though the ...
In a pointer to the continued recovery in the home loan segment, the country’s largest mortgage lender, Housing Finance ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty today said the apex bank was concerned about the volatility of the ...
The interest rate on US dollar deposits has been reduced to 2.26 per cent
for a maturity of 1-2 years from 2.33 per cent.
For the ...
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (forex), the Indian Rupee is still quoting at its year high at 46.67 per dollar.
Dutch financial services major ING Group today said it will sell its Swiss private banking business to Switzerland-based Julius ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to hike interest rates marginally in the fourth quarter of this fiscal to give a signal to the market, ...
State-owned Union Bank of India, which was planning to open 500 new branches during the current financial year, has scaled down ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) signal on raising interest rate to manage inflation pushed the rupee to a ...
The government didn't plan to induct any strategic investors in weak public sector banks (PSBs) and would not trim its holding in ...
The move is aimed at improving margins.
The bank's working capital has gone up to Rs 452.33 crore as against the target of Rs 405 crore in the last financial year.
Insurance service provider Cholamandalam MS General Insurance company today announced its tie-up with Tamil Nadu Cooperative Bank ...
Tata Capital, the non-banking finance subsidiary of the Tata group, has cut its auto loan rates by 50 basis points to 10.5 per ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra today said it has raised Rs 300 crore through bond issue.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the Indian rupee is now quoting at 46.88 per dollar, after it strenghthened ...
Royal Bank of Scotland is talking to bidders for selling the retail and commercial banking operations of ABN Amro Bank in the ...
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today said it has allotted 12,770 equity shares to its staffs under the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today added strong capital inflows and the consequent appreciation of the rupee ...
Insurance companies in India have lost Rs 1,000 crore on group health policies during FY09, according to Watson Wyatt, a global ...
Public sector lender Andhra Bank will end its partnership with Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) when it launches its own life ...
Move comes after its talks with StanChart failed over valuation.
Fearing grave power shortage during the rabi season this year, the Madhya Pradesh government is now riding on Centre-sponsored ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank raising Rs 150 crore through Tier-II bonds to strengthen capital hardly makes the news as banks routinely tap ...
Anticipating an adverse impact of the new Direct Tax Code, life insurance companies have demand amendments in the proposed code. ...
Seeks credit details of traders, firms dealing in agri commodities.
Standard Chartered, the London- based bank that makes most of its money in emerging markets, added executives in equity sales and ...
Financial-services companies operating in the UK will have to meet “tighter liquidity requirements” that will be set ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor, K C Chakrabarty, today asked banking sector to extensively use the technology and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today ruled out full rupee convertibility as of now and said the failure of Bharti-MTN deal ...
Citibank India today said it has launched a new rewards platform-CitiRewards, targeting customers who hold Citi-branded credit ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank today said it has raised Rs 150 crore by selling bonds to investors on a private placement basis.
Addressing media after inaugurating an existing branch office in a new premise, T Y Prabhu, Chairman and Managing Director of the ...
City Union Bank will raise Rs 300 crore by way of private placement of shares with qualified institutional buyers.
Sengputa will no be a member of the board of directors of the bank, Axis Bank said.
The Indian rupee today strengthened by 17 paise to almost a two-month high of 47.57 against the US currency, following dollar's ...
The government will hold discussions on a proposal to make the high level committee on financial and capital markets (HLCC) ...
The yield on government securities may move up, as supply of bonds from Centre and states remains high.
The G-Sec market ...
With ample liquidity in the system, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are once again a lucrative investment option for mutual ...
Though the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is considering open architecture, the insurance industry is ...
With interest rates close to bottoming out, Amit Pandey, a young executive with a multinational firm, is looking for a fixed-rate ...
Bharti AXA Life Insurance is targeting a five per cent market share by end-2012 and has charted out an aggressive road map for ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc must be careful about handing out record bonuses while the banking industry was still under distress to ...
State-owned United Bank of India (UBI) has sought Rs 800 crore from the government to maintain an 8 per cent Tier-I and overall ...
With bond yields hardening, bankers say they will not be able to look to their trading rooms for high profits.
Britain’s curb on banking bonuses may stunt the recovery in London’s luxury-housing market by wiping out the ...
The number of US lenders that can’t collect on at least 20 per cent of their loans hit an 18-year high, signaling that more ...
A stress test of the European Union’s biggest banks showed they could withstand an even deeper recession, though with ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, was seeking to raise $700 million to $1 billion selling medium-term dollar ...
Negotiations between Standard Chartered Bank and the Edinburgh-based Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) over a proposed sale of the ...
After receiving a poor response to the New Pension System (NPS), the pension regulator has asked the distributors of the scheme ...
With automobile sales recovering, the general insurance industry is expecting a 10 per cent growth in premium collection in the ...
Private insurer ICICI Prudential has pipped SBI Life to regain the top position among private players garnering new businesses Rs ...
The State Bank of India has launched 'SBI FinMart' which seeks to raise customer awareness, give new products a thrust and ...
Banks may boast of providing 24X7 services through mobile and internet banking, but they have decided not to take the blame for ...
India owed $82.5 billion to foreigners as on June-end this year, 39 per cent higher than $59.4 billion three months back, in ...
The market share of India’s largest insurer, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), rose to 67 per cent in the new business ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao scored a ‘B’ grade in the annual Central Banker Report Card carried ...
Public-sector lender Union Bank of India has cut interest rates on deposits for non residents in rupee and foreign currency ...
Rating agency Fitch in a report today said that Indian banks would remain resilient to face stressful conditions in the current ...
Central bank not to issue OMO calendar for Q2, will conduct operations as required.
State Bank of India (SBI) today announced a 25 basis points reduction in deposit rates across maturities as part of its latest ...
Pushes oil and gas to second and IT to third place.
Over 100 small and medium bakery manufacturers of Kanpur are facing a tough time owing to the recent spike in raw material prices ...
“The NAVs will be uploaded on the websites of the Central Record-keeping Agency (CRA) and fund managers from December ...
FinMin seeks 5-yr growth road map from banks to assess their capital needs.
The annual maintenance charges for subscribers of the New Pension System (NPS) may come down by Rs 70 from April.
Sectoral watchdog Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today asked insurance companies to provide information on ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the largest public sector bank, will launch ‘SBI FinMart’, a financial super market ...
Public sector Vijaya Bank expects Rs 700 crore capital infusion from the government by the end of December to enhance risk ...
Banks are fully geared to check the menace caused by fake currency, a senior official of the Reserve Bank of India said.
With this, deposits having a tenure of 1-year to less than 2-years, will now attract a rate of 6.25 per cent (6.5 per cent), the ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India has reduced interest rates on foreign currency non-resident bank (FCNR-B) account ...
State-run Union Bank of India has seen a rise in demand for farm loans in the last two months and expects the portfolio to grow ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 23 paise to a two-month high of 47.87 against the US currency in opening trade today on dollar ...
The Indian healthcare industry, growing at an exponential rate, now presents an attractive investment opportunity for private ...
The effect of higher closing yield of 7.19 per cent on 10-year benchmark government paper at the close of the second quarter ...
Private insurance company Aegon Religare Life Insurance (ARLI) plans to add 40,000 new customers this fiscal on the back of ...
The draft code, circulated for public comments, had suggested that life insurance policies should be taxed at the time of ...
The Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) and United Forum of Bank Unions are close to reaching an agreement on wage hike for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) committee on reviewing the benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) has recommended that the ...
Current account deficit during the first quarter was due to higher imports.
CIT Group Inc, the commercial lender that has said it may be forced to file for bankruptcy, is considering an offer of financing ...
With few insurers showing interest in tapping the capital market, insurance regulator Irda today said it would come out with ...
Eyeing a place among the top-three health insurers in the country within three years, Anil Ambani group firm Reliance Life ...
The biggest German bank, Deutsche Bank, said today that plans to eliminate German posts as reported in the press were not new.
Bank of Maharashtra, today said that it would offer reduced interest rates for housing loans sanctioned during the festival ...
A top Chinese regulator for foreign banks has said Citigroup should expand its local operations in China, according to a media ...
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the agency which insures deposits of over 8,000 US banks, is anticipated to ...
Vijaya Bank expects Rs 700 crore funds from the government by December to recapitalise the bank, Chairman and Managing Director ...
The Indian arm of the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) owned ABN Amro witnessed a sharp spurt in its wage bill during 2008-09 which ...
One of the lessons emerging from the global financial crisis was the need for a better system of governance to manage the ...
In an effort to grow its retail loan portfolio, public sector lender IDBI Bank has decided to slash auto loan rates by over 300 ...
When Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao meets top bankers in the customary pre-policy meeting on October 12, he can draw ...
The borrowing for October-March to be completed by the first week of February.
BNP Paribas SA, France’s largest bank, plans to raise ¤4.3 billion ($6.3 billion) by selling stock to existing ...
Crisil, the country’s leading rating agency, forayed into the equity research space today by launching grades on 13 ...
Kaizen Management Advisors, India’s first education-focused private equity (PE) fund, will close a $150-200 million (around ...
Fund-raising to the tune of Rs 8,500 crore underway.
State-run IDBI Bank has cut its new home, auto loan rates by 0.25-0.5 per cent effective from October 1, a top official said.
The Reserve Bank of Indfia (RBI) has said rising inflation and 'still tentative' recovery in economic growth is making it ...
The Indian arm of the Royal Bank of Scotland-owned ABN Amro witnessed a sharp spurt in its wage bill during 2008-09 which ...
NCR today announced that it has secured an order for the sale of 3,800 ATMs, as well as a seven-year ATM services contract, from ...
Public sector lender, State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur (SBBJ) today said it has appointed B S Gopalakrishna as Director on the ...
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the agency which insures deposits of over 8,000 US banks, is anticipated to propose ...
The Indian rupee today weakened by another 10 paise to 48.07 against the greenback in early trade today on fresh month-end dollar ...
Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling, targeting what he calls “greed and recklessness” in Britain’s ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed its reservations on the government’s proposal to set up a computerised ...
To draw all members of a family to bank with it, ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, has introduced ...
The government has asked public sector banks (PSBs) to increase focus on attracting low-cost current account, savings account ...
With just two trading days in the current week and a decision likely on the government borrowing plan for the second half, the ...
Citi, StanChart already follow this practice, SBI Cards differs.
At present, NRI accounts contribute almost Rs 1,350 crore to its consolidated business volume.
Insurance and agents are two words that seem to be inextricably linked in our minds.
If you think of the word insurance, then the ...
The Reserve Bank is likely to reverse its soft rate regime by as early as April next year and increase its key policy rates by ...
Customers having multiple credit cards will now not be allowed the luxury of using either in case they default on making ...
In a ruling that would bring cheers to thousands of customers, the National Consumer Commission has ruled that banks cannot ...
More than half a dozen PSU banks are expected to get about Rs 10,000 crore as fresh capital by December following the World Bank ...
The Federal Reserve decided to keep pumping $1.25 trillion of new money into the mortgage market to focus on rescuing the US ...
At present, NRI accounts contribute almost Rs 1,350 crore to its consolidated business volume.
The promoters of Tata AIG Life Insurance are expected to infuse Rs 600-700 crore capital in the venture during the current ...
In the coming week, the rupee may feel pressure and depreciate as month-end demand from oil importers for dollars could limit the ...
As many as 22 large banks in Europe may have accumulated credit losses of close to ¤400 billion (over $580 billion) for ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country’s third largest lender, is resurrecting its insurance plans.
With the demand for credit expected to shoot up, private banks are bolstering core capital.
Seven of them are in the process of ...
The economy might be slowly clawing out of the worst crisis in decades but the US bank failures are climbing by the day, with 95 ...
Pressed hard for giving access to details of money stashed away by Indians and other overseas clients with them, Swiss banks have ...
At present, South Indian banks attract a major part of such money from West Asia.
Traditionally, women have been home makers.
The scenario has changed drastically in recent times.
In tandem, insurance for women ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is in favour of a consolidated debt limit, similar to that in the equity market, for foreign ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, has dropped its plan to raise funds overseas through upper and ...
The low valuation may set a trend, say analysts.
After a year’s lull, foreign currency
convertible bonds (FCCBs) are regaining currency.
In the past four days, four ...
Australia’s fourth-biggest lender will pay cash for ING’s 51 percent stake in ING Australia and ING New Zealand, the ...
"D Subbarao, governor, Reserve Bank of India will release the Second Quarter Review of the Annual Policy Statement 2009-10 ...
Australian financial services major ANZ will buyout its wealth management and life insurance joint ventures with Dutch entity ING ...
India's foreign exchange reserves fell to $280.770 billion for the week ended September 18 from $280.978 billion in the previous ...
Global banking major Barclays is in talks to acquire some of Citigroup's retail-banking assets, including credit-card portfolio, ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt said today no increase in interest rates is expected in the near future, allaying ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) has approached the government for a capital infusion of Rs 1,800 crore to fuel its expansion plans, a ...
The Indian rupee today fell by 30 paise against the dollar in opening trade on expectation of fresh capital outflows as markets ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today accepted bids for bonds worth Rs 1,969 crore under its open market operations as against ...
Farm loan disbursements for the kharif season have fallen 30 per cent due to drought in a majority of the states.
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) is targeting to increase advances to the small and medium enterprises (SME) space by almost Rs ...
Debenture trustees may have to report company filings to the market regulator.
The currency rose for the sixth time in seven days after exchange data showed global funds bought $1.4 billion more of local ...
US-based lender Wells Fargo’s India unit would execute some back-office work of Wachovia.
Earlier, this work was outsourced ...
US government agency Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) today said it would provide $250 million (about Rs 1,200 ...
The country’s largest private insurance company, ICICI Prudential Life, said today its assets under management (AUMs) have ...
Banks on Thursday parked Rs 71,520 crore with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) through the reverse repo route, which is used to ...
The financial services arm of engineering and construction firm Larsen & Toubro raised Rs 1,000 crore through its first-ever ...
With the government likely to borrow a record Rs 4,51,000 crore in 2009-10, life is getting tougher for primary dealers (PDs).
Banks told to assess the exposure of the whole group to the sector while lending.
With some of the real estate companies having substantial investment in their subsidiaries, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today ...
Citigroup today said it expects the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to tighten money supply from 2010 as inflation is likely to rise ...
Financial behemoth Citigroup is planning to scale back its US branch network to six major metropolitan cities, including New York ...
The Indian rupee today fell by 17 paise against the US dollar in early trade on expectations of fresh capital outflows and ...
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company (Chola MS) has set a target to close the current financial with a premium income of Rs ...
With a visible recovery in global financial markets in sight, nearly 78 per cent of world’s wealthy population expects to ...
India’s 10-year bonds gained after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said it will offer to buy back existing debt at an ...
Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co, the two biggest US banks by deposits, are cutting overdraft fees amid criticism ...
Capital International, the US money manager with more than $3 billion in alternative assets, is seeking to increase investments ...
Vijay is the name of the character that Amitabh Bachhan has played in many of his movies.
In most cases, Vijay belonged to the ...
Farm loan disbursements for the kharif season have fallen 30 per cent due to drought in a majority of the states.
The credit growth during the year up to September 11 fell 13.24 per cent, mainly due to the high base effect and banks pushing ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) today said it would announce within a month the guidelines for ...
A crucial meeting between the representatives of the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) and the Indian Banks Association (IBA), ...
Insurance regulator Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) today asked life insurance companies to give details of ...
The Indian rupee today strengthened by 9 paise to quote at almost six-week high of 47.86 against the US dollar in early trade, on ...
With an aim to achieve financial inclusion and provide door step banking to the rural people, the Orissa government today signed ...
After crossing the $2-billion mark in July, the amount Indian companies raised through external commercial borrowings (ECBs) and ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked all life insurers to disclose the information on premium ...
They also have to reveal terms and conditions for loans, credit cards.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subba Rao on Tuesday initiated the financial literacy programme at Doddaballavangala ...
Private Equity firm Sabre Capital is expanding its healthcare corpus from Rs 250 crore to Rs 400 crore, which will be invested ...
Absence of adequate long-term pool of capital in India triggers trend.
Rupee advanced to the strongest closing level in six weeks on optimism foreigners will pour more money into the nation’s ...
Inching closer to taking over Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB), one of the oldest private sector lenders in Kerala, Federal Bank has ...
Dewan Housing Finance (DHFL) has raised Rs 250 crore through private placement of debt and plans to raise another Rs 500 crore ...
Banks use a part of their liquid funds for lending and state govt auctions.
Private sector lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank is planning to raise Rs 240 crore to 300 crore through the issue of shares on rights ...
The Indian rupee fell by 10 paisa at 48.23 against the US dollar in morning trade today on month-end dollar demand.
The Indian rupee today fell marginally by 3 paise to 48.16 against the US dollar in early trade, on expectations of fresh capital ...
As producers rush to insure their films from delays in launch due to unforeseen circumstances such as a strike or a natural ...
After having a minor presence in India for more than three decades, French banking group Societe Generale (SocGen) is now ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s biggest government-controlled bank, is in talks with shareholders to gauge the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Usha Thorat on Monday said India needed to build foreign exchange reserves when the ...
Convertible bonds from large-cap companies being sought by foreign investors.
Public sector player Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) is drawing up plans to privately place equity shares with institutional ...
Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) is planning to raise Rs 265 crore through rights issue.
To reach out to the people in the unbanked rural areas, the State Bank of India (SBI), the largest public sector bank, plans to ...
The Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) intends to go for Business Process Re-engineering (BPR) of its operations as a ...
Riding on the initial success of micro insurance scheme, state-run Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is aiming to nearly ...
Financial services major Citigroup's top executive Tom King is leaving the company after 20 years of service and is likely to ...
Two more US banks went belly up last week, pushing total failures to a whopping 94 entities so far this year in the country, even ...
Anil Ambani group firm Reliance Life Insurance is aiming to receive premium of around Rs 1,000 cr in the next five years from ...
Post offices would no more limit its banking system to old and traditional technology and would adopt Core Banking System, on the ...
Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) and South Indian Bank (SIB) on Saturday signed a memorandum of understanding to start the latter's ...
New York state’s insurance regulator suggested Moody’s Investors Service should have its authorisation to rate ...
In a note sent to the Ministry of Finance, the RBI has stated that the exemption should be granted following the urgency and ...
The yield on government securities may move in a short range, after they eased last week.
The multiple prime lending rate (PLR) system with a cap on advance rates, which are likely to be recommended by a Reserve Bank of ...
HSBC Holdings Plc said it is a victim of a $75 million fraud by Hassan Nemazee, a top fundraiser for President Barack Obama and ...
State-owned Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is planning to foray into the venture capital business.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is in the process of setting up database of all vehicles, which are ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves grew $3.32 billion in the week up to September 11, 2009, to $280.98 billion on the back ...
With recovery in select industrial sectors and improvement in rainfall, banks expect credit offtake to grow 20 per cent and the ...
UBS AG’s $780 million settlement with US authorities to avoid prosecution for helping Americans cheat on their taxes has ...
Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank will add 66 new branches during the current financial year to its network of 207, said PG ...
Amid inflation turning positive after over three months and slackening credit growth, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D ...
The country's third largest private sector lender, Axis Bank, today raised $720 million (nearly Rs 3,466 crore) through global ...
The Indian rupee today fell by 8 paise to 48.23 against the US currency in early trade after a three-session rising streak on ...
India Inc’s fund raising through private placement of debt surged 42 per cent to Rs 40,300 crore in the first quarter of ...
Prime Minister Gordon Brown’s government may have to cut spending at the sharpest pace since Britain negotiated its ...
To make London its European hub.
Taking forward the agenda for developing the corporate bond market, the Reserve Bank of India said it initially intends to allow ...
Axis Bank on Thursday opened its qualified institutional placement (QIP)-cum-global depository receipts (GDR) issue through which ...
Interest rates may harden a bit by the end of the current financial year, according to C Rangarajan, chairman of the Prime ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has requested all Registrars of Co-operative Societies (RCSs) to restrict individual shareholding ...
Country's third-largest private sector lender Axis Bank today said it has started the process of raising funds through private ...
Despite reasonably comfortable liquidity conditions, the long term bond yields have inched up significantly during the last few ...
India's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI) plans to set up an administrative office in UK by end-fiscal, which would act ...
Financial services firm Citigroup has hired Rodney Tsang, one of the Bank of America Merrill Lynch's top China investment ...
The Indian rupee rose to a new one-month high after gaining 26 paise against the US currency in the opening trade today as ...
The ripple effects of the fall of Lehman Brothers in September last year is evident in the field of global mergers and ...
Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance, which has launched micro-insurance project ‘Swayam Shakti Suraksha’ in partnership ...
Chennai-based Sical Logistics on Wednesday said it had received approval to invest around Rs 368 crore — its equity portion ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank is aiming for a net profit of Rs 230 crore by the end of this financial year, by systematically ...
A year after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, credit-default swaps (CDS) have lost their stigma for disaster and ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao is scheduled to meet a group of select bank chiefs on Friday to assess the resource ...
LIC Housing Finance, the second-best performer among non-banking finance stocks in Asia this year has raised $135 million selling ...
Banking stocks have gained between 5 per cent and 11 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) in the last two days on higher ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has chalked out strategies to grow aggressively in overseas ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed that the fraud risk management and fraud investigation function of a bank must be ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not in favour of a multiple benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) mechanism as proposed by ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group is likely to recommend two types of benchmark prime lending rates — one for ...
Citigroup has raised $5 billion via government-backed bonds, a move which may make it difficult for the financial services major ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, has chalked out strategies to grow aggressively in overseas markets, ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 18 paise against the US currency in the opening trade today as exporters sold the dollar, which ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said the worst US recession since the 1930s has probably ended, while warning that growth ...
“We are planning to structure a Mauritius-based entity which would be instrumental in roping in foreign funds from global ...
Andhra Bank is bullish on the retail segment and is working on products that are tailor-made for its customers.
It is also ...
Faces tough competition due to the presence of players such as Blackstone.
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) panel on revamping the existing benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) will meet tomorrow for ...
Officials of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the finance ministry would meet on September 29 to decide on the borrowing ...
With the April 1, 2011 deadline for implementation of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) in India getting closer, ...
Nine players in various stages of launch as stock markets show signs of revival.
Mortgage lender LIC Housing Finance today said it plans to raise up to Rs 660 crore through sale of 10 million shares to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has started providing a complete range of banking services from its branch at the Dubai International ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank has paid advance tax of Rs 58-crore, it said.
The lender had paid Rs 33-crore advance tax in ...
Aviva Life Insurance-joint venture between Dabur and Aviva and DBS Bank-Singapore headquartered financial services group today ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 10 paise against the US currency in the opening trade today on expectations of capital inflows ...
India Inc is heaving a sigh of relief after a year-long run on liquidity but is cautious after former US Federal Reserve Chairman ...
The seeds of the current financial crisis, described as a “tsunami” by former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan ...
Outward remittances by individuals jumped 158 per cent during June this year to $145 million mainly on account of higher outgo on ...
With the credit growth still sluggish, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may not raise key policy rates, according to Suman K Bery, ...
Key changes are expected in vehicle repossession norms to ease the process for banks to take back cars and two-wheelers from ...
Foreign lender Standard Chartered Bank plans to hire around 2,000 employees in India in the current financial year, a top ...
Foreign lender Standard Chartered Bank plans to hire around 2,000 employees in India in the current financial year, a top ...
The Rajasthan Cooperative Minister Parsadi Lal Meena today said that his department would provide crop loan worth Rs 1,000 crore ...
Deutsche Bank today announced its appointment as US dollar clearing bank for Clearing Corporation of India Limited (CCIL). ...
Russia's oldest and largest state- run retail bank - Sberbank (Savings Bank) - is to shortly open its branch in New Delhi as part ...
YES Bank, new private sector bank, has inked pact with Proparco, French financing agency, to raise $20 million (Rs 95 crore) ...
Private sector lender ING Vysya Bank today said it will raise Rs 416 crore by issuing shares to potential buyers and allotting ...
The Indian rupee today slid by 20 paise against the US currency in opening trade on expectations of capital outflows and ...
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank plans to offload non-performing assets (NPAs) aggregating Rs 548 crore to trim ...
The yield on government bond securities is likely to ease on cues from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to re-examine the current ...
Stung by reports that it sold dud home loans, ICICI Bank has decided to approach the government agencies and market regulator ...
Insurance companies hitting the public market will have to appoint an independent actuary as part of IPO and M&A norms to ...
While appreciating the role of public sector banks (PSBs) in protecting the economy against the global economic turmoil, Finance ...
Child insurance policies
on offer are still inferior to pure term policies.
Banking regulator Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was working on introducing repurchase agreements (repo) in corporate bonds and ...
State-owned Dena Bank has reduced home loan rates for new customers as part of festival offer.
However, 6% GDP growth on course.
The Indian rupee strengthened by 20 paise against the US currency in opening trade today in anticipation of increased capital ...
As part of the festival offer, Bangalore-based public sector lender, Canara Bank, has reduced the rate of interest on all fresh ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should allow credit enhancement on corporate bonds wherein banks guarantee such bonds to make the ...
Banks continued to issue six-month certificates of deposit (CDs) as March maturity papers were offered 70-80 basis points below ...
Unit-linked insurance products (Ulips) filed after September 30 will have a lock-in of five years.
India’s 10-year bonds fell on speculation investors may demand higher yields to buy new securities the government is ...
European Central Bank policy makers signaled they intend to leave emergency lending measures in place into next year to support ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) was actively considering allowing repurchase agreements (repo) in corporate ...
Many of the banks in the country are planning to deploy technology related projects over the next one year, with an aim to reduce ...
The account maintenance charges of the proposed low-cost pension scheme would be drastically reduced to provide safety to people ...
The easy monetary stance, which has been adopted by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) since October last year, might be reversed ...
After getting a green signal from shareholders to raise equity capital, Axis Bank will soon launch share offerings, including ...
Bank of England (BoE) has left the key rate unchanged at 0.5 per cent and will continue with its asset purchase programme worth ...
Axis Bank, the country's third-largest private sector lender, today said it would raise up to Rs 6,490 crore through global ...
During the April-July period, the payments made through credit card stood at Rs 19,569 crore, against Rs 22,031 crore in the ...
India's rapid integration with the rest of the world could pose complex challenges to its financial stability and the country ...
Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has announced a new low-rate housing loan scheme with fixed rate of interest for the first ...
India will not slow down financial sector reforms, but rework the roadmap, RBI Governor D Subbarao says.
Standard Chartered Bank is "actively evaluating" the acquisition of the Indian assets of Royal Bank of Scotland Group ...
The Indian rupee has turned stronger after a brief pause yesterday appreciating by 19 paise to 48.32 against the greenback in ...
Reserve Bank of India today said bank loans whose repayment is done from future rental generated from properties like shopping ...
The rates have been cut 0.25 per cent.
In keeping with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines for the Residuary Non-Banking Finance Company to exit deposit-taking ...
ING Vysya Bank on Wednesday announced that it had raised Rs 415 crore by way of a qualified institutional placement (QIP) and ...
Chennai-headquartered Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has written to the government for a capital infusion of about Rs 1,000 crore to ...
Rising bond yields might not come down if banks did not cut their deposit rates further, Reserve Bank of India's Deputy Governor ...
Banks will tweak their information technology systems, especially for authenticating customer identity, over the next 18 months ...
IDBI Bank has ruled out fresh valuation of its mortgage arm, IDBI Home Finance, which has been on the block for a year.
Engineering and construction major Larsen & Toubro Ltd is open to taking the inorganic route to enter the asset management ...
A consortium led by Reliance General Insurance Company on Wednesday bagged the mandate for providing insurance to Air India for ...
Loan flow remains low, banks hike g-sec investment.
State-owned Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has approached the government for an infusion of Rs 1,000-crore Tier-I capital to augment ...
Reserve Bank Deputy Governor, K C Chakrabarty, today said that rise in bond yields was not a concern for the central bank and ...
The Indian rupee today fell by 8 paise to 48.55 against the US currency in early trade breaking its five-day gaining streak on ...
The government might consider selling fewer bonds in the year ending March after announcing expenditure cuts yesterday, Finance ...
Post-deal, the co-advisor is focusing on becoming a financial services company.
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said there was no marked-to-market (MTM) losses from its ...
Nashik divisional office of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has set the target of selling 5 lakh policies with the first premium ...
Soon banks such as ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and State Bank of India with a private equity (PE) arms may have to keep enhanced ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is against lending by banks below their benchmark prime lending rates (BPLRs) — a stance ...
Axis Private Equity (PE), a fund sponsored by the third largest private sector lender Axis Bank, plans to invest Rs 200 crore in ...
As a festival offer, the Bangalore-based public sector lender, Canara Bank, has reduced rate of interest on all fresh home loans ...
India's second largest lender, ICICI Bank, has seen growth returning in its home and auto loans portfolios in the second ...
The country's largest bank State Bank of India (SBI) expects its earnings growth in the second quarter of this fiscal (FY10) to ...
The Indian rupee strengthened marginally by 4 paise against the US $ in the opening trade today on expectations of more capital ...
In order to protect the interest of policyholders from agents or corporate agents switching from one insurance company to ...
IFCI plans to raise around Rs 1,000 crore from the market through a bond issue.
After a gap of three years, the company is in the ...
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said banks should be forced to hold more capital on their balance sheets, ...
Despite the country experiencing deficient rainfall, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has not changed its growth projections for ...
The DBS venture has been under financial stress of late.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has set its eyes upon the vast rural populace to enhance its customer base.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said banks would be allowed to raise Tier-II capital by issuing sub-ordinate debts ...
Credit demand from consumers seemed to be back on track, especially in sectors such as auto and home loans though banks had cut ...
Ahmedabad-based Self Employed Women's Association (SEWA) Bank aims to provide retirement benefits to 1 lakh unorganised workers ...
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) has advised 300-odd companies to pay the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) a penalty ...
The rupee is expected to appreciate in the near future, a leading mutual fund industry official said.
Bank of India today said it has raised Rs 500 crore by issue of bonds.
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has rapped Jammu and Kashmir Bank for various lapses, including not adhering ...
ING Vysya Bank today
said its funds raising plan through private placement of shares with potential buyers opens today.
Dhanalakshmi Bank today announced the launch of on-line Internet banking for its customers.
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it would raise Rs 500 crore through issuing bonds.
Bank of Maharashtra today said it would raise Rs 300 crore through the issue of debt instruments in the current financial year.
The Punjab National Bank (PNB) is mulling to provide financial assistance to Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) clusters across ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 12 paise against the $ in opening trade today on expectations of more capital inflows as market ...
Uncertainty on interest rates and competition among banks are forcing lenders to lend for the short term and introduce interest ...
These branches would be over and above the existing 11 branches of IDBI in the state.
The Delhi High Court has issued notice to Standard Chartered Bank on a petition, which alleged non-payment Rs 1.5 lakh by the ...
Finance ministers of the world’s 20 largest economies, including India, today agreed on the need to have an ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was not worried about the tardy credit growth so far in the current financial year and there was ...
Some important tips for Ulip buyer.
State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, today said that it is withdrawing its blockbuster 1,000-day deposit scheme ...
The company has 33 such branches at present.
Similarly, the number of insurance advisors is proposed to be doubled to 15,000 from ...
The persistent decline in the credit-deposit (CD) ratio of banks in Orissa over the past few years is a disturbing trend and the ...
Government-owned Bank of Maharashtra plans to raise Rs 300 crore capital through a combination of Tier I and Tier II bonds by ...
State-owned Vijaya Bank expects to receive Rs 700 crore as recapitalisation from the government by the end of third quarter.
The ...
Exactly three months after announcing a tie-up for a standalone health insurance joint venture (JV), Religare and global insurer ...
Shriram Life Insurance Company Ltd (a joint venture between Shriram Group and Sanlam Life Insurance Ltd, South Africa) would roll ...
Vijaya Bank today said it does not have any more fund raising plan during the year as it is expecting Rs 700 crore from the ...
Bank of Maharashtra will raise Rs 300 crore by September this year as Tier I and Tier II capital by issuing bonds, the bank ...
The co-operative banking scenario in the country stands improved as the sector has clocked a double digit growth 13 per cent in ...
The Indian rupee today strengthened by three paise against the US currency in opening trade on dollar selling by exporters.
Public sector banks in Punjab are gearing up to set up Rural Self Employment Training Institute (RSETI) under the guidelines of ...
The rupee strengthened for a second day as Asian stock gains added to optimism the region’s economic recovery was ...
The government’s high borrowings might not push up interest rates sharply towards the end of this year and were likely to ...
Separate rates for retail, corporate customers likely.
The government has started the process of appointing executive directors (EDs) at public sector banks by seeking consent from ...
Now, people buying health policies with a cover for three years or more can surrender them within 15 days if they are not ...
Move aimed at helping drought-hit farmers.
Reserve Bank of India officials today met several banks and asked them to report interest rate swap (IRS) transactions made with ...
Banks in India need to reach out to their potential customers in the rural areas by leveraging emerging technologies in banking ...
The Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has started looking for options to park 3-5 per cent of its Rs 2.57-lakh-crore ...
Launched by Gujarat Urban Bank Co-operative Banks Federation (GUBCBF) on February 10, 2009, the 'Flood IT' initiative has been ...
“We have already invested Rs 40,000 crore in the stock market in the first four months of the current financial year and by ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group set up to rework the benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) structure is mulling multiple ...
Giving an exit route to health insurance policy holders, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) said today ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) today launched it's second micro insurance product - 'Jeevan Mangal' aimed at lower ...
Four Australian banks, including National Australia Bank and Commonwealth Bank, have been ranked among the safest banks in the ...
To stop financial products from being mis-sold, a government-appointed committee has proposed the phased elimination of upfront ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday reiterated that Indian companies having exposure to price risks in metals, crude oil, ...
Issuances of certificates of deposits (CDs) by banks continued to remain high for refinance of papers that mature in September, ...
Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank has hired London-based design consultant Fitch to revamp its brand which will include changing ...
42% rise in new business premium helps the industry clock decent growth.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is set to introduce a micro-insurance policy called Jeevan Mangal on September 3 this ...
Allahabad Bank is widening the operations of its financial services subsidiary, AllBank Finance Ltd, which is at present limited ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) seem to be taking a tough stand on the appointment of retired advisors at ...
India’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) is firming up a special scheme to meet credit needs of farmers, especially ...
Interest rate futures (IRFs), which made a comeback this Monday after six years, has opened up a lot of interesting options for ...
In times when spiralling food prices seem to be pinching the wallet on a daily basis, fierce competition among financial ...
Allahabad Bank is restructuring its financial services subsidiary, AllBank Finance Ltd, to widen its operations, currently ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank is planning a brand transformation initiative which will include changing the logo and related branding ...
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has allotted a total 30,158 equity shares pursuant to conversion of ...
The Indian rupee today fell by another 15 paise to hit one-and-a-half month low of 49.18 against the $ in early trade, extending ...
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation of of India (LIC) is targeting a 25 per cent increase in premium ...
The committee set up to look into the issue of regulating investment advice would submit its report to the government by the ...
In a bid to ensure that high networth individuals (HNIs) stayed with them, public sector banks, including State Bank of India ...
Shriram Life Insurance (SLIC) today launched a unit-linked premium plan — Shriram Pension Plan — which gives clients ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today launched a new programme, Citizen SBI, aimed at attitudinal ...
The government is unlikely to reverse its expansionary policy, aimed at spurring investments and growth, in the current financial ...
State-run Union Bank is not likely to cut lending rates although the cost of funds may start coming down from the third quarter ...
With the government expected to push for the passage of the Bill to provide legislative backing to the Pension Fund Regulatory ...
With nearly 20 per cent of its Rs 6,000-crore corpus invested in clean energy, IDFC Private Equity has identified clean ...
Higher rewards, challenges drive former fund managers to launch own funds.
IDBI Fortis Life Insurance Company Ltd, which started its commercial operations from March 2008, aims to sell 10,000 Termsurance ...
Public-sector lender, Union Bank of India (UBI) today cut interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (bank) account deposits ...
Loan disbursements, which dipped due to economic slowdown, during the nine months ending May 2009, is expected to pick up ...
Bank of America (BofA) has proposed to repay part of the US government bailout money, while the US is pressing the bank to pay at ...
Remittances to India by expatriates living in the United Arab Emirates could rise in the days ahead in view of the coming festive ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 9 paise against the US currency in the opening trade today on $ selling by banks and exporters.
Former Punjab & Sind Bank Chairman and Managing Director RP Singh is likely to be appointed as the head of Punjab National ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) decision to end the free run at automated teller machines (ATMs) is going to come ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has launched a novel development project ‘Wadi’ in ...
Insurance sector regulator Irda On Monday said it is likely to come out with initial public offer (IPO) guidelines by October. ...
The first Islamic bank in the country with active involvement of the Kerala government is likely to start operations in Kochi by ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is likely to hasten the file and use procedure for unit-linked ...
The banks in Orissa provided Rs 782.32 crore loan to the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) during the first four months ...
The rupee completed its worst month since February as Asian equity losses fueled concern global funds will pull money out of the ...
Issuances of short-term money market instruments fell today as mutual funds avoided purchases on fears they would start facing ...
A large part of the government borrowing programme for the financial year has already been completed and the process has been ...
In a move aimed at improving the demand for government bonds, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has eased accounting rules for ...
Govt grants this relief to farmers in view of drought in many parts of the country.
"The company will be paying 8 per cent per annum on the second year and 8.5 per cent on third year deposits," a company ...
State-run Bank of Bardoa today said that it expects its loan portfolio to grow by 22 per cent in 2009-10 and felt there will be ...
Standard Chartered Bank said it has completed one of India's first interest rate futures transactions in the new form with the ...
Private sector lender Dhanalakshmi Bank today announced the appointment of two Directors to its Board — Ghanshyam Dass and ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank today said it has raised Rs 100 crore through the issue of Tier-I bonds.
The Indian rupee today fell by 24 paise against the $ in early trade on expectation of heavy capital outflows and increased ...
The yield on government bonds may inch up on Monday on the effect of aggressive bids placed at bond auction last week.
Banks’ investments in mutual funds increased by Rs 17,291 crore during the fortnight ended August 14 to Rs 1,56,910 crore, ...
Regulators closed banks in California, Maryland and Minnesota on Friday, pushing US bank failures to 84 this year amid continuing ...
Reliance General Insurance-led consortium bags the mandate for $24.3 million.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today prohibited chit funds from accepting deposits, a move that could make banks the sole public ...
From October 15, customers will not be able to enjoy limitless use of third-party ATMs free of charge.
Replaces three directors who were not in favour of the deal.
Public sector Indian Overseas Bank today said it will raise an amount totalling to Rs 800 crore by issue of bonds on private ...
Private-sector lender, Bank of Rajasthan(BoR) today entered into a tie-up with Bajaj Auto to offer two-wheeler loans.
The Reserve Bank of India has gone back on its stand on floating provision and it is now left to banks on how they want to treat ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BOI) today announced its domestic and overseas network expansion plans.
Banks have decided to put a Rs 10,000 cap per third party ATM cash withdrawal from October 15, besides limiting such transactions ...
Amidst ample liquidity, bankers do not see interest rates moving up and State Bank of India Chairman O P Bhatt expects the cost ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 11 paisa to 48.80 against the American currency in early trade today on fresh dollar selling by ...
Private-sector lender Karur Vysya Bank today said it will raise up to Rs 300 crore by issuing bonds.
With the government announcing a huge borrowing programme for 2009-10 at Rs 4.51 lakh crore, the Reserve Bank of India today said ...
Despite various measures taken by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to curb the menace of counterfeit notes, the value of such ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) transferable surplus to the Government of India for 2008-09 jumped 66.6 per cent ...
As a sign of people moving to electronic mode of fund transfer, the number of cheques processed in 2008-09 fell 5 per cent after ...
MTM risks to the Indian banking sector are limited and manageable.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has extended the terms and conditions for banks to provide funds to housing /development projects ...
In a move that could affect private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) funds being set up by banks, the Reserve Bank of India ...
Lloyds Banking Group Plc may sell part of its fund management business, including a possible initial public offering of Scottish ...
Amid the green shoots being sighted the world over, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today painted a grim picture and laid bare ...
Rupee rose for the first time in four days on speculation exporters took advantage of the currency’s slide to a six-week ...
Customers can avail themselves of unhindered, free third-party ATM transactions for some more time despite the Reserve Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may set a commission of 4 paise for primary dealers (PD) underwriting Friday’s Rs ...
Accordingly, the rate for home loans up to Rs 20 lakh will now be 8.75 per cent, while loans between Rs 20-50 lakh will be ...
Unsatiated by trebling of its share price to Rs 750 since March, ICICI Bank has embarked on an ambitious plan to double return ...
The Indian rupee today fell to touch a seven-week low of 49.03 against the US currency in early trade on month-end $ demand ...
With the economic downturn impacting deal flows, salaries of top private equity professionals took a hit as most firms froze pay ...
ING Groep, the biggest Dutch financial-services company, has asked for final bids for its private banking operations and is ...
Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) is looking at promoting a grassroot business fund, an initiative of the International ...
The euro traded at the highest level in more than 11 weeks against the pound ahead of a report on German business sentiment that ...
It took 56 years for United Bank of India (UBI) to reach a business of Rs 50,000 crore.
That was in 2006.
The milestone had ...
The government is considering a Rs 900-crore capital infusion plan to Dena Bank for meeting its capital requirement and business ...
After a lull of almost a year, some banks are beginning to pull out their databases to contact potential credit card customers. ...
ICICI Bank has asked the government not to take into account overseas securities such as American Depositary Receipt (ADR) and ...
State-run Union Bank of India has seen a robust growth in retail credit so far in the current financial year, but since overall ...
Banks didn’t have room to further cut lending rates as of now and, in fact, they might look at raising them once credit ...
A high-base effect due to strong credit growth in the year-ago period is the main reason.
Public sector-lender Indian Bank is planning to increase the number of its branches in Kerala to over 100 from the present 89 ...
The bank had targeted a growth of 25 per cent in the present fiscal but may end up in the range of 20-22 owing to the difficult ...
Public sector Indian Bank planned to increase the number of its branches in Kerala to over 100 from the present 89 during the ...
The government is considering a Rs 900-crore capital infusion plan to Dena Bank for meeting its capital requirement and business ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank has launched a contact centre from today for providing better customer service, a top official of the ...
ICICI Bank has asked the government not to take into account overseas securities like ADR and GDR when deciding on whether a bank ...
The Indian rupee weakened further by 15 paise to 48.90 against the US currency in late morning trade today due to month-end ...
The rupee weakened for a third day on speculation the country’s importers bought foreign currency to meet month-end ...
The Federal Reserve must for the first time identify the companies in its emergency lending programmes after losing a Freedom of ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) is scouting for institutional advisors to help the regulator in ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke, who led the biggest expansion of the central bank’s power in its 95-year history ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked insurance companies to be more cautious while concluding ...
IDBI Bank is expected to formally shelve its plan to become the first public sector lender to introduce variable pay for its ...
Riding on the back of rising auto sales last month, the non-life insurance industry has recorded a marginal rise in premium ...
Having burnt their fingers in the secondary market crash of 2008-09, private equity (PE) funds are shying away from private ...
The current economic slowdown doesn’t seem to have affected the entrepreneurial zeal in India.
The Royal Bank of Scotland's (RBS’) effort to complete the sale of its Asian business, including India and China, is facing ...
Insurance regulator IRDA today tightened the anti-money laundering guidelines by asking the insurance companies to ensure that no ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland's (RBS) effort to complete the sale of its Asian business, including in India and China, is facing ...
Pitching for a consolidation in the banking industry, State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt said today the country needs ...
Four of the five Regional Rural Banks (RRB) in Orissa have recorded growth in their net profit in the last fiscal.
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank today said it would raise Rs 500 crore through the issue of bonds to meet its business ...
Andhra Bank Mumbai Zone General Manager today announced the bank's expansion plans with emphasis on increasing exposure to the ...
The Indian rupee today fell by 20 paise against the US currency in early trade on expectation of heavy capital outflows and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has called for more involvement of private sector banks for extending financial services in the ...
A new kind of pension-cum-savings scheme is on the anvil which would provide a safety net as well as liquidity to the holder.
Banks have seen an increase in the number of customers opting for mobile banking services in the last two months due to a steep ...
Bond yields on government papers have risen further on concern that rising commodity prices and drought could trigger inflation. ...
Mortgage loans lender LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) was likely to finalise a partner for its real estate venture capital fund by ...
Anil Ambani-run Reliance Money may acquire 5 per cent more in the National Multi-Commodity Exchange of India (NMCE) to take its ...
The government has shortlisted four candidates for the post of National Housing Bank’s (NHB’s) chairman and managing ...
The World Bank (WB) is set to clear funding of $3.2 billion (over Rs 15,500 crore) for capital infusion into public sector banks ...
Andhra Bank Mumbai Zone General Manager today announced the bank's expansion plans with emphasis on increasing exposure to the ...
Banks have seen an increase in the number of customers opting for mobile banking services in the last two months due to a steep ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 19 paise to touch a one-week high of 48.43 against the $ in early trade on expectations of ...
World’s largest accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers, is being sued for billions of pounds over its role as an ...
The yield on government securities may move up further on Monday as Reserve Bank of India (RBI) accepted bids at bond auction at ...
The total number of Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs) registered with Reserve Bank of India (RBI) declined to 12,809 in ...
The Centre has agreed to release Rs 400 crore immediately to Orissa from the Compensatory Afforestation Management and Planning ...
Having missed the bus to a planned global acquisition in 2008, ICICI Bank today said it was open for a buyout in India, as ...
Softer interest rates and expectation on credit buying in the busy season are likely to ensure hectic activity in the bond market ...
If you have defaulted on a loan taken in your personal capacity, there is a chance that you might hear from the human resources ...
Chhattisgarh government has approved 14 new irrigation projects in the state to be completed with an estimated cost of Rs 654 ...
Swiss banks may have turned over client details to the US, but they have said India is not welcome there on a name-fishing ...
Wondering if State Bank of India (SBI) can steal a march with a low-interest home loan strategy, ICICI Bank today said the ...
Having missed the bus to a planned global acquisition in 2008, ICICI Bank today said it is open for a buyout in India as domestic ...
There is more awareness now on healthcare costs and hence also about mediclaim insurance that helps mitigate the risk of such ...
With increased awareness and concern over unexpected events like the 26/11 terror attack on Mumbai, Ganesh mandals (organisers of ...
Americans in Switzerland are rushing to disclose their holdings to US tax authorities after the Swiss government agreed to hand ...
Axis Asset Management Co, backed by India’s fourth-largest bank, aims to be one of the nation’s top 10 money managers ...
The Reserve Bank of India today inaugurated a Financial Literacy Cell (FLC) on its premises here.
South Indian Bank on Friday recorded its highest-ever net profit of Rs 194.75 crore for 2008-09, an increase of 28.44 per cent ...
ICICI Bank on Friday said it could make initial public offerings (IPO) in four subsidiaries or sell stake in its insurance ...
The country’s foreign exchange reserves decreased by $214 million for the week ended August 14, mainly due to revaluation ...
The yield on government securities (g-secs) shot up across tenures after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) accepted bids for bonds ...
Some insurers may cut agent workforce due to new norms on unit-linked plans.
China plans to tighten capital requirements for banks, threatening to curb the record lending that’s fueled a 60 per cent ...
The financial meltdown that shook the world was a direct outcome of mismanagement of risk.
The risk
management was completely ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) today recorded its highest-ever net profit of Rs 194.75 crore in its 80-year history for 2008-09, ...
HDFC Bank has slashed India's growth outlook for the current fiscal to 5.8 per cent from its earlier projection of 6.5 per cent ...
Keen to create value for its investors, ICICI Bank today said it could make initial public offerings in four subsidiaries or sell ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which made third party ATM transactions free from April, has said not more than Rs 10,000 can be ...
In the first year of its operations, the UK branches of the Punjab National Bank (PNB) recorded profits and has now introduced ...
The country's largest private lender, ICICI Bank, today said its cautious approach on credit card issuances would continue even ...
The Indian rupee today declined by 10 paise against the dollar in opening trade on expectations of capital outflows by funds from ...
Future Group is planning to invest Rs 100 crore in East India over the next four months, in setting up new stores and in re-doing ...
First half of the year sees sharp rise in number of defaulters.
The instruments will be listed on BSE, NSE.
You can now surrender your unit-linked insurance plan (Ulip), purchased from a life insurer, after four years without having to ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) and commercial papers fell today as mutual funds — regular investors in the ...
The country’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today said lending rates will start going up any time now, quite ...
Sudhakar, partner of Trishul Enterprises and director of Seven Hills Properties, and three others had allegedly colluded with the ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, plans to hire 11,000 people in the current financial year as it expands ...
State Bank of India (SBI), which is opening 1,000 branches a year and is continuing to expand its operations, plans to hire ...
The dividend cheque was presented by the bank Executive Directors Mohan V Tanksale and Nagesh Pydah to Finance Minister Pranab ...
The crack in the secrecy shield of Swiss banks — known for fiercely guarding the identity of customers — will help ...
UBS's share price stuttered ahead on Thursday after the announcement of a deal to settle a bruising US government lawsuit, while ...
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today said lending rates will start going up any time now, quite contrary ...
What could be termed as a major leap in the Jammu and Kashmir's insurance sector, Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company today ...
Punjab National Bank (International) Ltd, a UK-based subsidiary of Punjab National Bank, has launched On-Line Deposit products, ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 6 paise against the $ in early trade on expectations of increased capital inflows as stock ...
The life insurance industry has paid around Rs 1,717 crore as death benefit to policy holders between April and June 2009 ...
The robust growth in economy seems to be providing security for overseas Indians to park funds with banks.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has extended the deadline to September 1 for collecting the permanent ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sent a note to the government recommending the re-appointment of Shyamala Gopinath as one of ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has approved a $100 million loan to the North Eastern state of Mizoram for undertaking a ...
Aviva Life Insurance is planning to hire 1,500 sales managers and 13,000 sales agents in the next seven months in order to expand ...
But the card population witnesses 1.21 million casualties.
The US must address the massive amounts of “monetary medicine” that have been pumped into the financial system and ...
The country’s largest private lender, ICICI Bank, is aiming to increase revenues from its small and medium enterprise (SME) ...
Interest rates are likely to go down or remain stable in the next three-six months, according to OP Bhatt, chairman of State Bank ...
40% of the terminals will be in metros.
Chennai-based Akshaya Homes is planning to invest around Rs 300 crore in 11 projects over the next 16 months.
Electrotherm Renewables - a division of Electrotherm (India) Limited, is investing between Rs 700 crore and Rs 800 crore for ...
The public sector Punjab National Bank (PNB) proposes to open 62 new branches in Orissa to expand its foot print in the state, ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it does not see interest rates rising till Diwali this year and ...
Central Bank Chairman S Sridhar handed over the dividend cheque to Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee, the bank said in a ...
Private life insurer, HDFC Standard Life, has roped in SAP as its technology partner to enhance its customer base and delivery ...
Forex and bond markets are closed today on account of a local holiday.
Today is Parsi New Year.
L&T Finance Ltd's public offer of secured redeemable non-covertible debentures (NCDs) opened for subscription on Tuesday.
The ...
L&T Finance Ltd's public offer of secured redeemable non-covertible debentures (NCDs) opened for subscription on Tuesday.
The ...
The government and financial sector regulators have prevailed on Insurance Australia Group (IAG) to route its investment in a ...
Private sector life insurer DLF Pramerica, promoted by realty firm DLF and US-based Prudential Financial, will infuse Rs 150-200 ...
The weak monsoon would have a negligible impact on ICICI Bank’s loan book since the size of this portfolio is quite small, ...
The government said on Tuesday there was no plan to waive loans given to farmers in the face of poor monsoons and any spending to ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor K C Chakrabarty said today the weak southwest monsoon could put upward pressure on ...
International Finance Corporation, a member of the World Bank Group, has proposed to be an investor in South Asia Clean Energy ...
Reliance Technology Venture Limited (RTVL), the venture capital arm of the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, is planning to look ...
Standard Chartered Bank’s India operations is planning to increase the number of relationship managers to 1,000 by the end ...
The Orissa High Court has asked the Union government to reply on why the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should not be ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, is set to flood the market with a host of sector-specific private equity ...
Leading private sector lender, ICICI Bank, plans to focus more on growing its home and car loan portfolios in the months ahead ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC), the multi-faceted finance company, has decided to dilute a maximum 3.5 per ...
Corporation Bank today said it will launch a facility for payment of income tax for the bank's debit card holders through its ATM ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 9 paise against the US currency in the opening trade today on dollar selling by exporters.
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) in its report on the financial performance of the Jharkhand government for the ...
Larsen & Toubro Ltd is likely to start general insurance business operations in six months without roping in a partner, Chief ...
Fearing rise in rates, L&T Finance, HDFC and Canara Bank line up debt issues.
LIC Housing Finance (LHFL), an arm of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the country’s largest insurer, is planning to ...
TVS Motor Company is planning to set up an arm that would exclusively finance its two-wheeler customers.
The new non-banking ...
Most banks continued to issue one-year certificates of deposit (CDs) On Monday on view that investors may start demanding higher ...
Chennai-based financial services technology company, Polaris Software Lab, has come out with a new technology that would allow ...
The rupee fell the most in nearly six months as equities dropped in response to slide on regional stock markets.
The world’s biggest pension funds lost confidence in stocks as the best long-term investment, cutting holdings or leaving ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has called for actuaries to play a greater role in general insurance ...
Despite the global financial meltdown, Punjab National Bank (PNB) has clocked growth of more than 100 per cent in its overseas ...
Haldia Petrochemicals may get Rs 310 crore insurance claim for a fire that engulfed a part of the mother plant on July 2 this ...
Dewan Housing remains top contender; govt wants merger.
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) today said it has raised Rs 200 crore Tier II capital through issue of bonds.
UK market regulator, the Financial Services Authority (FSA), has started a probe into financial services major Royal Bank of ...
Private equity firms are becoming cautious about making fresh investments in India with less funds flowing into this segment as ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB), the country's third-largest public sector lender, is planning to recruit 3,500 people including officers ...
Religare Mutual Fund
today announced the launch of its Credit Opportunities Fund.
The scheme seeks to generate high level of ...
"We are targeting to issue two lakh global credit cards to our customers by end of the current fiscal," PNB Chief ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 32 paise against the $ in early trade on expectations of capital outflows from the stock ...
The deficient rainfall in irrigation-rich Punjab has not affected the area under paddy cultivation.
Though some of the ...
Loan sanction limit of a year from Oct.
The government may face fresh problems for its mammoth borrowing programme, with several major banks, especially public sector ...
Private equity player, India Equity Partners (IEP) Fund Advisors Pvt.
Ltd. is planning to invest around Rs 100 crore in the ...
Amid downturn in the insurance sector, private sector insurance player Aegon Religare Life Insurance is planning to hire about ...
A study conducted by the Migration and Remittances Team at the World Bank said the top-ten recipients of remittances among ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has launched an initiative to facilitate two-way flow of investments between India and the UAE, a senior ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao said the rapid expansion of the government borrowing programme was coming in the ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao has said a new facility would soon be set up in the country for producing paper for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said it cancelled the certificate of registration granted to three firms for carrying ...
The issue of capital account convertibility (CAC) had to be taken forward after taking into account the costs and benefits of ...
Its gross premium income rose marginally by 1.4 per cent to Rs 8,061.13 crore.
While the company’s non-obligatory business ...
The action in the home loans market seems to be hotting up with many banks and housing finance companies moving to match the ...
National reinsurer GIC Re is looking at a growth of 25-30 per cent in its global business and planning to open two international ...
India's foreign exchange reserves fell for the week ended August 7 to $271.239 billion compared to $271.641 billion in the ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is planning to raise about Rs 1,500 crore in the next seven months from bonds to meet capital requirement.
HSBC InvestDirect today said its Singapore-based wholly owned subsidiary IL&FS Investmart Asia Pacific will surrender the ...
The Libor-OIS spread narrowed to a level former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said he regarded as “normal,” ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked non-life insurance companies to move towards risk-based ...
RBI move will help lenders report lower bad debts, higher profits.
Tiruchy-based Non-Banking Finance Company (NBFC) Grama Vidiyal Micro Finance Ltd (GVMFL) is planning to raise around Rs 100 crore ...
The State Bank of India was relegated to the second spot by providing 8.70 per cent returns to the Employees’ Provident ...
It’s amazing what a little sunshine can accomplish.
The robust growth of the capital goods sector in June has led the government to believe that the stage may be set for private ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co would be barred from a planned US carbon- emissions market or face trading ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set up a financial stability unit (FSU) to conduct macro-prudential surveillance of the ...
The free run at automated teller machines might end soon, with banks petitioning the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to put curbs on ...
State-owned United Bank of India (UBI) is planning to set up a housing finance subsidiary, after its initial public offering ...
A study by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended that the local bodies be provided with grants of about Rs 94,000 crore ...
Banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (CDs) ON Thursday to refinance paper maturing in August and also as the rates ...
With the government allowing tax pass-through to financial intermediaries, including domestic venture capitalists (VCs), in the ...
An expected recovery in the bank credit in the next few months may push up interest rates in the later part of the current ...
Following State Bank of India's footsteps, Punjab National Bank (PNB) today slashed home and car loans by 50 basis points.
Saving for the future in insurance, provident fund and pension schemes may get more attractive with a higher relief at Rs three ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by another 21 paise to trade at 48.15 against the $ on sustained capital outflows amid heavy $ ...
To track terror funding, the Reserve Bank of India has directed banks to submit reports on accounts relating to persons and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has kicked off a review of the branch licensing norm, but any liberalisation is unlikely to cover ...
Fortnight ended July 31 witnesses Rs 29,500-crore jump.
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank opened two more branches in Hyderabad on Wednesday, taking the total number of ...
Banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (CDs) to refinance papers that mature in August, and on views that rates might ...
Corporates expected Reserve Bank to intervene in the next 6-12 months to suck out excess liquidity from the banking system, which ...
Yes Bank, the home-grown lender that started operations five years ago, has put on hold its plan to hive off its investment ...
Cap on Ulip charges, MF entry load ban to strain bottom line.
At the current market price of Rs 870.55 per share, the bank is expected to mobilise about Rs 940 crore from its promoters.
To track terror funding, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to submit reports on accounts relating to persons and ...
Former ICICI Bank veteran Shikha Sharma will take home a hefty pay packet as Axis Bank Managing Director and CEO that will be in ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 20 paise to trade at almost two-week low of 48.16 against the $ for the second straight ...
Tiruchy-based non-banking finance company Grama Vidiyal Micro Finance Ltd (GVMFL) is planning to raise around Rs 100 crore by way ...
Shinsei Bank, the Japanese lender backed by Christopher Flowers, said a planned merger with Aozora Bank would not disrupt ...
Primary issuances continued to rise today on views that rates would rise more in September, and also because some issuers ...
The country’s first listed gold loan company, Manappuram General Finance and Leasing Ltd (MAGFIL), is planning to raise ...
A day after announcing the latest debt instrument to tide over temporary cash flow problem, the government and the Reserve Bank ...
Finance Secretary Ashok Chawla said today it was difficult as of now to gauge the impact of weak rains on the economy, and ...
Lower limits, fewer issuances & reduced spending main reasons.
PTC Financial Services, a subsidiary of Power Trading Corporation, is mulling to raise Rs 1,500 crore by divesting 26 per cent of ...
Central bank group suggests ATMs with in-built detectors, sorting machines at all bank branches.
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 22 paise to 48.02 against the US dollar in early trade on expectations of more capital ...
IDBI Bank is planning to securitise part of its infrastructure loan portfolio to release resources and capital.
CDR cell, banks had sought extension of Aug 30 deadline for restructuring assets.
V Vaidyanathan, the new managing director and CEO of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, is trying to get the private sector player ...
The General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) is planning to join hands with regional transport offices (RTOs) to track ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), said on Monday it is likely to start its general insurance ...
General insurer Oriental Insurance Company is aiming to rake in Rs 4,400 crore premium income in the current financial year and ...
Bolstered by a four-fold jump in treasury gains, the top-12 banks in the country clocked a 55.2 per cent jump in net profits in ...
The country’s third-largest housing finance company, Dewan Housing Finance (DHFL), has postponed its proposed ...
Rating agency CRISIL on Monday said an erratic monsoon and severe rain deficiency in the first week of August had raised the fear ...
Bolstered by a four-fold jump in treasury gains, India's top 12 banks clocked a 55.2 per cent jump in net profits in the quarter ...
The government has invited applications for the post of Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of the Export Import Bank of India ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said it is likely to start its general insurance business by March ...
No interest will accrue on the bonds after September 25,2009 and the book closure of the 54th series will be observed with effect ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 10 paise to 47.74 against the dollar in early trade on expectations of increased capital ...
A Reserve Bank occasional paper has mooted a special fund for self help groups (SHGs) to deal with regional imbalances in credit ...
The country’s third largest public sector lender, Bank of Baroda (BoB), today said it is open to overseas acquisition if a ...
Keeping in view the credit requirement of the small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Orissa, credit of Rs 560 crore has been made ...
Sahara Mutual Fund, part of the Sahara Group with about Rs 237 crore assets under management, is planning to launch a daily ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) chairman Deepak Parekh has said there is a compelling need to have real estate ...
The top 12 banks had restructured assets worth Rs 32,530 crore in the first quarter ended June 2009, taking their total ...
The Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank
(VCB) is planning to take over loss-making Ongole Cooperative Bank.
Four months after its launch, registering yourself to be a member of the New Pension Scheme (NPS) is not an easy task.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has added a rider for offloading its stake in the National Housing Bank (NHB) to the government ...
Banking on the reviving demand for realty, a new chain of property shops have started operations in the city.
Insurance regulator Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) is ready with the final guidelines on corporate ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) occasional paper has mooted a special fund for self help groups (SHGs) to deal with regional ...
The country's third-largest public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said it is open to overseas acquisition if a good ...
IDBI Bank has taken an initiative to strengthen its base in the mid-corporate, SME and retail sectors without compromising its ...
A recent directive from RBI makes it mandatory to have an additional authentication pass code verified by VISA or MSC (Master ...
A guide to the new expense rules on ulips.
Hitting out at rivals offering home loans at low interest during early years of the credit period, HDFC on Friday warned that ...
The Centre has signed a loan agreement of $ 200 million with Asian Development Bank for developing urban infrastructure in 5 ...
Subir Gokarn, Executive Director and Chief Economist at Standard & Poor’s Asia Pacific, is heading the shortlist of ...
The rate war in the home loan segment has just intensified, with the State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, ...
Car loans from ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, would be 50-75 basis points (bps) cheaper, while ...
Signals discomfort with hardening yields.
Having already inducted around 4,000 insurance advisors, private life insurance company, Aegon Religare is planning to recruit ...
In an attempt to check mis-selling, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is planning to increase the lock-in ...
Hitting out at rivals offering home loans at low interest during early years of credit period, mortgage leader HDFC today warned ...
Swinging into the black for the first time in two years, embattled insurer American International Group (AIG) has posted a ...
The lender has also announced reduction of one percentage point in lending rates for automobile loans.
A two-day strike by public sector bank employees demanding higher salaries ended today after nearly crippling business and retail ...
Underlining the need for improving banking in rural areas, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to open more ...
India's largest bank, State Bank of India, today said that it was launching a three-month long home loan campaign at attractive ...
Underscoring the need to improve banking facilities in rural areas, RBI today asked the banks to open more branches in the ...
State Bank of India (SBi) plans to raise Rs 500-crore via perpetual bonds, a senior bank official said.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) is thinking of increasing the lock-in period for Unit Linked Insurance ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland(RBS), in which the British government has a majority stake, has posted a loss of 1.04 billion pounds ...
Manipal (Karnataka)-headquartered Syndicate Bank is in the process of delisting its equity shares from the Bangalore Stock ...
Employees of state-run banks continued their strike demanding higher wages for the second day today, hitting bulk cash and ...
The Indian rupee today moved further down by 18 paise against the US currency in opening trade on expectations of capital ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) has turned down a proposal from the Life Insurance Corporation of India ...
The Orissa High Court has issued notices to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), the Ministry of ...
Insurance major Aviva returned to the black with profits of £747 million for the first six months of this year on the back ...
Indian banks are witnessing a spurt in rollovers in buyer’s credit, a form of short-term trade finance facility.
Bankers ...
Says economic recession is deeper than policy makers expected.
Trading volumes in the bond, foreign exchange and money markets and normal branch operations were adversely affected On Thursday ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) today retained its key rate at 1 per cent, amid the constituent countries continuing to grapple ...
Public sector banks' performance in terms of growth in total income was double than that of their private counterparts in the ...
ING Vysya Bank today said it has appointed Shailendra Bhandari as the Managing Director and Chief Executive of the bank for a ...
Employees of public sector banks across the country are striking work for two days from today to push for wage hike, among other ...
The difference between India’s three-month and three-year interest-rate swaps will narrow from a near-record high as the ...
Canara Bank has expanded its network of “SME Sulabh” centres to 7 more cities.
The SME Sulabh is a centralised loan ...
City-based general insurance company Cholamandalam MS is targeting Rs 2,500 crore premium within five years.
The company is a ...
Reserve Bank of India has asked banks that are not participating in the bank strike on Thursday and Friday to not present, on ...
The revised rate is as low as 8.50 per cent for vehicle loans during the first 12 months, 9.50 per cent during the next 24 ...
Private equity fund Red Fort Capital will pick up around 50 per cent stake in a Noida residential project, a source familiar with ...
The total value of deals, including mergers and acquisitions (M&As) and private equity (PE), in the first half of 2009 ...
The government has ignored the World Bank’s (WB) suggestion for a roadmap on reducing its holding in public sector banks ...
State-owned Corporation Bank has said it is planning to recruit 1,400 during the current financial year.
“We are planning ...
Standard Chartered Bank, India’s second-largest foreign lender by assets, said it continued to evaluate the option of ...
500 cash-strapped partners help private financier tide over the crisis.
The board of directors of ING Vysya Bank today approved raising of fresh funds by further issue of capital, including Global ...
ING Vysya Bank today announced the appointment of Shailendra Bhandari, 51, as managing director and chief executive officer of ...
Lloyds Banking Group has reported a huge loss of 4 billion pounds for the first six months of 2009, as mounting impairment ...
The government today appointed Alok Kumar Misra as Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of Bank of India.
State-owned Corporation Bank has said it is planning to recruit 1,400 staff during the current fiscal.
Global investment bank, Nomura, today announced the appointment of Birendra Agarwal as Managing Director and Chief Information ...
The revised rate is as low as 8.50 per cent for vehicle loans during first 12 months, 9.50 per cent during next 24 months, 10 per ...
The Indian rupee today recovered 14 paise at 47.60 against the US currency in morning trade amid weak dollar overseas and ...
UBS AG, Switzerland’s largest bank by assets, will see further withdrawals by wealthy clients after reporting a third ...
Refusing to name acquirer, RBS says deal may be sealed soon.
The strike was in response to the call given by the All India Insurance Employees’ Association.
Canara Bank has expanded its network of “SME Sulabh” centres to 7 more cities.
The SME Sulabh is a centralised loan ...
The initial response to films funded by cinema-focused venture funds might not have been overwhelming, but that is not stopping ...
Leading private sector lender Axis Bank will issue 71.4 million fresh equity shares through Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) or ...
Raghuram Rajan, author of the latest report on financial sector reforms, today said that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should ...
The Visakhapatnam zone of Andhra Bank is targeting Rs 3,400 crore business during the current financial year.
The Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) today said that it would pursue a banking licence in India and later explore ...
A precedent-setting order by the Authority for Advance Ruling (AAR) could enable foreign companies exiting their India joint ...
StanChart, which has a strong presence in the emerging markets, had raked in a profit before tax of $2.58 billion in the year-ago ...
British financial services entity Standard Chartered today said it is looking at acquiring small businesses in India.
British banking entity Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) today said it is in advanced discussions with bidders for selling its retail ...
Financial sector reforms not to be slowed down in the face of crisis but to be recalibrated: RBI Governor.
Swiss banking major UBS AG continued to be in the red for the third straight quarter, with losses of 1.40 billion Swiss francs ...
State-owned Bank of India has slashed deposit rates across certain maturities by up to 50 basis points.
The Indian rupee today touched a two-month high of 47.44 against the $ in early trade on increased capital inflows amid ...
The government has identified at least eight candidates for appointment as executive directors in various state-owned banks as ...
ICICI Bank's cautious approach to financing 'high-risk' realty firms seen as the reason.
The rupee rose to a seven-week high against the US dollar on expectations that portfolio investors will pump more money into ...
The government has set up a standing committee on infrastructure finance, which will be headed by Finance Secretary Ashok Chawla, ...
In keeping with the tone of the first quarter monetary policy review, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao has told ...
With signs of improvement in the economic climate and support to stressed sectors, the pace of addition to gross non-performing ...
Global banking major Barclays today reported a 10 per cent growth in net profit at 1.88 billion pounds in the first half of 2009, ...
Public sector Corporation Bank plans to raise an additional Rs 700 crore from bonds in the second quarter to fund its growing ...
The NRE term deposit interest rates for one year to less than two years had been fixed at 3.25 per cent from 3.36 per cent, two ...
The Indian rupee today hardened by 11 paise to touch a one-month high of 47.83 a $ in early trade in line with other Asian ...
Just a fortnight ago, Japan’s financial powerhouse, Nomura, bought a 35 per cent stake in LIC Mutual Fund in a deal that ...
Syndicate Bank has registered a near three-fold jump in net profit to Rs 261.56 crore during the quarter ended June 2009, as ...
The free cash withdrawal facility from automated teller machines (ATMs) has proved to be a boon for banks with small networks as ...
Provident and pension funds are doing what banks did not — purchase oil bonds.
Over the past year or so, these fund ...
Investment bankers in Barclays are set to receive bonus and salary packages worth an average of 250,000 pound per head for the ...
Hit by rising bad loans, private sector lender, Kotak Mahindra Bank has decided to reduce its unsecured loans in the months ahead ...
The Reserve Bank of India would celebrate its platinum jubilee in 2009 and 2010 through outreach programmes.
A Bill to amend the Life Insurance Corporation Act was introduced in the Lok Sabha on Friday.
The Bill seeks to raise the minimum ...
Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) is considering raising funds through Samurai bonds, TC Venkat Subramanian, chairman and ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose $1.524 billion in the week up to July 24 to $267.71 billion, partly due to inflows ...
Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) is considering raising funds through Samurai bonds, or Yen-denominated bonds issued in ...
Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank has cloaked a net profit of Rs 6.05 crore for the quarter-ended June 30, as against Rs 3.06 ...
To help the farmers mitigate the loss on account of flood, drought and disease in animals, Iffco-Tokio General Insurance, the ...
The Rs 500 cr Non Convertible Debenture (NCD) issue by Commercial vehicle finance major Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will roll back the special monetary measures if the government commits itself to fiscal ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank increased its net profit to Rs 10.12 crore in Q1 compared with Rs 9.52 crore in the corresponding period of the ...
Syndicate Bank reported an almost three-fold growth in net profit at Rs 261.57 crore in the first quarter of the current ...
After paring their mutual fund investments in the previous fortnight to meet quarter-end capital requirements, banks pumped in Rs ...
The dollar and the yen declined versus the euro after a government report showed the US economy shrank less than economists ...
Public sector lender, Bank of India (BoI), has slashed its deposit rates by 0.25-0.5 per cent across various tenures, effective ...
"It has been decided to extend interest subvention of 2 per cent on export credit for a further period of six months i.e. ...
India's foreign exchange reserves rose for the second consecutive week to $267.711 billion, up by $1.524 billion, as compared to ...
They survived the financial turmoil with taxpayers money, still nine leading US banks shelled out more than $32 billion in bonus ...
Private sector Kotak Mahindra Bank today unveiled a new brand identity by adopting a tag line that promises simpler money ...
Investors will no longer be charged a 2.25 per cent distribution commission up front by mutual funds beginning tomorrow following ...
Exim Bank will raise Rs 19,500 crore during 2009-10 to provide export finance to Indian corporates, its Chariman and Managing ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 13 paise in early trade today on expectations of fund inflows and weakness in the US currency ...
Public sector Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) announced that its net profit for the first quarter ended June 2009 has more than doubled ...
Insurers will have to register over 40 per cent of their unit-liked insurance product (Ulip) offerings before December 31 with ...
The Supreme Court has cleared the way for civil courts to decide the vexed question of derivative instruments on foreign ...
Net interest margins under pressure due to moderate income from advances.
West Bengal might just lose the Rs 600 crore Astonfield waste-to-energy project if Kolkata Municipal Corporation fails to ...
Public sector financial institution Bank of Maharashtra's (BoM) net profit jumped 118.29 per cent to Rs 101.79 crore during the ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, today reported a 68.11 per cent rise in its consolidated net profit to ...
External commercial borrowings (ECB) by Indian companies have risen for the first time since September 2008, when the global ...
Large Indian banks and financial institutions such as State Bank of India (SBI), Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), General ...
Public sector Bank of Baroda is planning to foray into private equity (PE), according to sources.
Sources told Business Standard ...
Mulye banks on domestic investors to raise money before approaching international markets.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to launch an outreach programme across the country to evolve a workable model for banking ...
The company had a loss of $746 million in the corresponding period a year ago, MasterCard said in a statement today.
Sumitomo Trust and Banking Co will acquire Nikko Asset Management, the Japanese asset management arm of Citigroup, for about ...
State-run UCO Bank today posted a net profit of 34.03 per cent in the first quarter of 2009-10 touching Rs 178.85 crore as ...
The Indian rupee today declined by 28 paise to a one-week low against the $ in early trade on month-end dollar demand from ...
Axis Bank may come out with a global depositary receipt (GDR) issue in the next two months.
But the plan is still at the ...
National Housing Bank (NHB) is scouting for international investors to set up its mortgage guarantee company.
The company
was ...
The yen and the dollar rose as Asian stocks declined and economists said a report will show orders for US durable goods fell last ...
State-owned Central Bank of India is planning to restructure its home finance as well as financial and custodial services arms.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is likely to relax the cap on distribution cost of unit-linked ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is planning to join hands with the Ministry of Consumer Affairs to ...
Punjab National Bank, the country’s second-largest bank, has reported a 62.38 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 832.04 ...
Belying pronouncements of a turnaround, bank credit shrunk by Rs 21,186 crore during the fortnight ended July 17 as companies ...
The entity, which has acquired many businesses of failed Lehman Brothers, incurred a loss of 76.59 billion yen in the same period ...
The country's second-largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB), is aiming to earn a net profit of about Rs 3,700 ...
The Central Bank of India may hike its stake in its subsidiary,Cent Bank Finance Limited, in the next six months.
Hefty increase in treasury income helped the country's second-largest PSU lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB), to post a 62.39 per ...
The country's largest insurer Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India has increased its market share to 62 per cent among life ...
The Indian rupee today fell by 21 paise against the $ in early trade due to strong demand for the US currency from refiners and ...
American International Group Inc, the insurer dismantling itself to repay US loans, used $2.4 billion from asset sales to shore ...
Karur Vysya Bank Ltd (KVB) has reported a over two-fold increase in net profit for the June 2009 quarter at Rs 70.35 crore as ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has posted 71.7 per cent growth in its consolidated net profit at Rs 257.28 crore for the first quarter ended ...
L&T Finance Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Larsen and Toubro, has decided to issue non-convertible debentures (NCDs) to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said prospects of an economic recovery in the middle of the financial year had improved, ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 793.85 crore to implement various projects in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today raised the estimate of deposit growth for commercial banks to 19 per cent for the current ...
Bankers today said that there was limited scope for reducing lending rates in the immediate future and the benefits of lower ...
The Reserve Bank of India today said that higher bond yields, the result of higher government borrowings, had militated against ...
Private sector lender Karur Vysya Bank has reported a two-fold jump in its net profit at Rs 70.35 crore for the first quarter ...
Insurer American International Group Inc (AIG) today said that it closed the sale of its life insurance premium finance business ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has sanctioned Rs 127 crore and Rs 245 crore for Punjab and Haryana, ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbaro today said there is scope for banks to lower lending rates further.
Aegon Religare Life Insurance, today said that its promoters have infused an additional Rs 45 crore into the capital base of the ...
Dashing hopes of further interest rate cuts in home, consumer and auto loans by lenders, the Reserve Bank today kept the key ...
German financial services major Deutsche Bank today reported a 67 per cent jump in net income to euro 1.1 billion (Rs 7,566 ...
Magma Fincorp today entered into a joint venture agreement with German insurer HDI Gerling International Holding AG (HDI) for ...
A fire broke out today in the old building of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in south Mumbai which was later doused off, fire ...
The Indian rupee today skidded by 8 paise against the dollar in early trade due to the month-end dollar demand from importers.
Want to appoint CFO, advisory board and governance committee.
Looking to raise OMO limit, borrowing cap for primary dealers.
ICICI Bank is betting on infrastructure finance and mortgage lending to deploy surplus cash, according to Sonjoy Chatterjee, ...
Despite the weak monsoons, the Indian economy is expected to grow faster than earlier estimates, a survey of professional ...
In its pre-monetary policy review, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has indicated that inflation will harden by the end of the ...
ICICI Bank’s rather subdued numbers for the June 2009 quarter suggest that it could take a while to get back on track.
Core ...
A sharp decrease in lending by private and foreign banks has pulled down the year-on-year (y-o-y) growth in credit by all ...
The flow of resources to the commercial sector fell by 43 per cent to Rs 90,666 crore during the first quarter of the current ...
The tightening of bank lending norms to individuals seems to be the main drivers for a decline in incremental credit flow.
Mahindra and Mahindra Financial Services, the non-banking finance company and a part of the Mahindra Group, reported a 52.48 per ...
Srei Infrastructure Finance has posted a consolidated profit-after-tax (PAT) of Rs 38.91 crore for the first quarter of the ...
Its total income rose 24.4 per cent to Rs 4,735.15 crore, while net interest income increased 14 per cent to Rs 1,204.70 crore, ...
The total advances of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), the central refinance agency, is likely to ...
Gross tax revenue is budgeted to decline to 10.9 per cent of GDP this fiscal from 11.8 per cent in FY09, the Reserve Bank of ...
The dividend cheque was presented by the bank Chairman and Managing Director A C Mahajan to Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today revised its economic growth forecast to 6.5 per cent for this fiscal, saying the situation ...
Industry body Assocham today asked the Reserve Bank to roll out measures for strengthening the debt market in its upcoming ...
NEWSALERT —  Economic growth seen at 6.5 per cent in FY10: RBI Professional Forecasters Survey.
Reserve Bank says inflation could flame up by the end of current fiscal.
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has sanctioned Rs 135.20 crore to the Himachal Pradesh government, ...
Total income rose by 24.24 per cent to Rs 3,196.06 crore during the first quarter, Central Bank of India said in a filing to the ...
The Dubai International Financial Centre would hold two international conferences  in India focussing on banking, finance ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 11 paise against the dollar in early trade today on expectations of capital inflows as the stock ...
Life insurance major LIC has marginally decreased its holdings in a few Sensex companies where it holds more than 10 per cent ...
ING Life Insurance is expecting a 60 per cent growth in renewal premiums during this fiscal.
Andhra Bank posted an increase of 230 per cent in net profit at Rs 256.22 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, over Rs ...
Growth forecast may be raised to factor in improving monsoon, stimulus packages.
Public sector lender Dena Bank plans to raise Rs 500 crore in its Tier-1 structure this fiscal, a top bank official said.
Citigroup has named three new directors, raising the total board strength to 17, and has also announced other governance actions ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has told the government that it would earn a minimum profit of Rs 11,000 ...
Gold prices are likely surge to a level of $970 an ounce this week in international markets on softening dollar but analysts said ...
Irda's directive on ulips doesn't address enough issues.
Treasury income, cost reduction prop up profit.
Its gross non performing assets jumped to 10.86 per cent (Rs 363.95 crore) from 2.74 per cent (114.77 crore).Meanwhile, the ...
Andhra Bank net jumps 230%, Dena up 68.4% and Vijaya back in black.
Bangalore-based public sector lender, Vijaya Bank, today returned to black and posted a net profit of Rs 143.3 crore for the ...
ICICI Bank was twice issued letter of warning or advisory note in the last two years for violating the Reserve Bank of India ...
State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest bank, will reduce interest rates on term deposits across various maturities by ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) is planning to implement the second level of the New Pension Scheme ...
The bank has managed to collect only 19 forms.
ING Life Insurance is expecting a 60 per cent growth in renewal premiums during this fiscal.
UCO Bank aims to double its business in Gujarat over the next two years.
The public sector bank is also setting up its corporate ...
Public sector lender Uco Bank has set a target of Rs 2.02 lakh crore business in the current fiscal.
India's forex reserves rose by $2.270 billion to $266.187 billion for the week ended July 17 compared to the week-ago period.
Banking behemoth Citigroup may name mortgage lender Fannie Mae's Diana Taylor as a director while revamping its board, says a ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said it will raise Rs 3,500 crore by various debt instruments during the current financial year to ...
Public sector behemoth State Bank of India (SBI) today slashed its deposit rates across certain maturities above six months by ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) today said it is likely to finalise mergers and acquisitions (M&A) ...
Barclays Bank today became the first international bank to open a branch in Ahmednagar city, Maharashtra.
Despite the global economic slowdown, State Bank of India (Canada), a subsidiary of SBI, saw an overall business growth of 22 per ...
ICICI Bank was twice issued letter of warning or advisory note in last two years for violating Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 5 paise at 48.39 in opening trade today as strong rally in the stock markets raised hopes of ...
UTI Asset Management Company today said that it has set up a $500 million (around Rs 2,500 crore) infrastructure-focused private ...
The ability to manage fiscal deficit will be the government’s biggest challenge in 2010, according to rating agency ...
Largest insurer’s sales rise 20%.
Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund expects to see a 40 per cent increase in its assets under management (AUM) in the current financial ...
Aided by a robust growth in treasury, foreign exchange income and recoveries, Union Bank of India reported a growth of 93.86 per ...
Sequoia Capital, a leading venture capital firm, invested Rs 40 crore in Just Dial, a local telephone and web search company. ...
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAGI) has said that lack of co-ordination between the agencies and not fund was ...
Rating outlook on three improved citing likely funding support from the Centre.
Anand Sharma (not his real name) is a practiced hand at online shopping.
But even he does not know that from August 1 he will not ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India plans to raise Rs 1,500 crore during the current fiscal, a top company official said.
Swiss banking major Credit Suisse today reported 29.75 per cent growth in net income at 1.57 billion Swiss francs for the second ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to keep interest rates unchanged in its quarterly monetary policy as there is little ...
Surplus liquidity in the banking system and low demand for credit might prompt the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to maintain a ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 15 paise at 48.37 in early trade today on increased $ sales by exporters amid expectations of ...
BOC Hong Kong Holdings Ltd and 15 other banks agreed to pay at least 60 cents on the dollar to investors in notes linked to ...
Share Microfin, the first microfinance institution (MFI) to obtain a non-banking finance company (non-deposit) licence in the ...
The Housing Development Finance Company (HDFC) stock slipped around 4.5 per cent on Wednesday to Rs 2,410 after the home loan ...
Immediate repatriation of money raised; 1-yr lock-in for conversion into equity.
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank today reported a 4.5-time growth in its net profit at Rs 555 crore for the first ...
Private sector Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has posted a 20.68 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 564.92 crore ...
Unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) are set to become more attractive for retail investors as the regulator today capped the ...
i-Bankers say election results made all the difference; Asians contributed 40-45% to GDR subscriptions.
RBI allows Rs 1,000 a day withdrawal from points of sale.
At the Bank of America Corp office in Washington, employees are fielding as many as 10 calls a day from Capitol Hill, up from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today extended till September 30 a facility, announced in the second stimulus package early this ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed the foreign companies to raise money from the Indian stock markets through Indian ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) today put a cap on overall charges that life insurance companies can levy ...
UK financial regulator Financial Services Authority (FSA) has fined three group companies of banking major HSBC to the tune of ...
The Public sector Andhra Bank proposed to add 500 more branches in the next four years to increase its total branch network to ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 13 paise at 48.29 in early trade today on expectations of capital inflows by funds as market may ...
Plans i-banking foray, tweaks PE plan.
Morgan Stanley India Primary Dealer Pvt Ltd, which commenced operations early this week, aims to be among the top five bond ...
Following the Satyam scam, venture capital (VC) firms are looking beyond financial numbers before funding a family-owned
Investment banks (I-banks) are back in business after an year-and-a-half of quiet run.
And many have started hiring again, which ...
Bank of Baroda has set a target to sanction Rs 3,095 crore to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Gujarat by March 2010 ...
The World Bank had sanctioned Rs 1,852.74 crore to the Tamil Nadu government for carrying out various social projects in the ...
Despite a rise in non-performing assets (NPAs), two private sector lenders – Yes Bank and ING Vysya – managed to ...
Shortage of equity and long-term funds continue to halt the growth of small and medium enterprises in the country, Rerserve Bank ...
Many private equity companies are interested in acquiring the management of Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Asian real-estate ...
ING Vysya Bank, the Bangalore-based private sector lender, today reported a rise of 48 per cent in its net profit at Rs 60.3 ...
The Indian rupee today dropped by 22 paise against the dollar in line with the fall in local stock markets, on the back of ...
The penetration of general insurance in the country continues to remain low despite the industry recording an impressive growth ...
Private sector lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) has tied-up with Mumbai-based wireless transaction platform provider PayMate India ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 15 paise to 48.35 against the $ in early trade due to importers' demand for the US
To keep interest rates at a record low, Ben S Bernanke may have to show Congress and investors he can be as creative about ...
For the first time in nearly a decade, nationalised banks have managed to grab 50 per cent share of the loans extended during the ...
Impairments on consumer assets main culprit; the former’s FY09 loan book down 8%, latter’s by 2%.
Helped by a healthy growth in fee-based income and income from infrastructure loans, Infrastructure Development Finance Company ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), On Monday said its provisions on bad loans were adequate, but the ...
For the first time during the past six months, HDFC Bank, the country’s second largest private sector lender, has cut its ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said its provisions on bad loans are adequate but the cover may be ...
The country's second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank today slashed benchmark lending rate by 25 basis points to 15.75 per ...
Indian rupee turned stronger by 32 paisa after a two-day losing streak and hit a two-week high of 48.40 against the greenback in ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 22 paise at 48.50 in opening trade today on expectations of increased foreign fund inflows as ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) on Saturday said its net profit jumped five-fold at Rs 82.19 crore for the quarter ended June 30, ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) witnessed a 97.49 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 110.24 crore for the first quarter ended ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank has decided to foray into the non-life insurance business and has initiated talks with a ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has recommended the minimum paid-up capital for third party ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM), the Bangalore-based associate bank of the State Bank of India, reported around six-fold rise in its ...
Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank has posted a 224 per cent increase in net profit for the quarter ended June 2009 to Rs 302.86 crore ...
RBI has issued fresh directions to banks to streamline procedures for reimbursements to customers in case of faulty ATM ...
Banks lowered their exposure to mutual funds (MFs) by 27 per cent, or Rs 33,705 crore, during the fortnight ended July 3 to avoid ...
Citicorp has managed to pare net credit losses (NCL) from its Indian consumer credit business, comprising cards and consumer ...
Even as former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor C Ranngarajan said the huge borrowing plan of the government might push up ...
The Export-Import Bank (Exim Bank) of the US is bullish about financing some big ticket infrastructure projects especially in the ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined by $560 million to $263.92 billion during the week-ended July 10, 2009 mainly ...
Ahead of the quarterly review of its annual monetary policy, the Reserve Bank today said that it would ensure a benign and stable ...
The Indian rupee turned weak after a promising start and ruled steady against the US dollar in the morning trade today amid mild ...
The Indian rupee appreciated marginally by 7 paise at 48.59 in opening trade today on expectations of more capital inflows by ...
The Central Information Commission (CIC) has directed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to clarify if it has issued any instruction ...
The ratio of volatile capital flows, comprising cumulative portfolio investments and short-term debt, to India’s forex ...
The Indian insurance industry is likely to pump in around $25-30 billion (around Rs 1.25-1.75 lakh crore) in the country’s ...
Rating agency Crisil has lowered its outlook on two bonds of private sector lender ICICI Bank to negative from stable, while ...
Bank of America Corp, the biggest US lender, said second-quarter profit declined and the company set aside more money for losses ...
Former RBI Deputy Governor S S Tarapore said bank should stop lending at below prime rates as such practices are faulty and lead ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has increased the share of foreign exchange reserves invested in overseas bonds even as the ...
SBI Life Insurance is targetting a 50 per cent increase in its Insurance Premium income this fiscal, a top official today said.
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said the government's plan to borrow over Rs 4 lakh crore to fund its fiscal deficit ...
The ratio of volatile capital flows, consisting of cumulative portfolio investments and short-term debt, to ...
Former Reserve Bank Deputy Governor, S S Tarapore, today said that the apex bank should not cut its repo and cash reserve ratio ...
Reserve Bank's proposal to allow trading in bonds' principal and interest components separately may evoke little response from ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 12 paise at 48.51 against the US dollar in early trade today, extending yesterday's gains, ...
Public sector bank employees have called for a two-day strike on August 6 and 7.
The decision was taken in the backdrop of failed ...
The bank posted a 55.64 per cent growth in its bottom line at Rs 60.11 crore for the June quarter as against Rs 38.62 crore in ...
Its operating profit stood at Rs 256 crore, recording a 41 per cent increase over the corresponding period of the last year.
Bajaj Finserv, the financial services arm of the Bajaj Group, posted a net profit of Rs 42 crore for the quarter ended June 30, ...
Bajaj Auto Finance, the captive non-banking finance company (NBFC) of Bajaj Auto, saw its net profit jump five-fold to Rs 15.21 ...
Restructured Ratnagiri Power account hits bottom line.
Companies that are operating in the two major industrial towns of Coimbatore and Tirupur in south Tamil Nadu owe a whopping Rs ...
Funds needed to maintain capital adequacy ratio.
PJ Nayak, the former chairman and CEO of Axis Bank, has joined private equity (PE) firm Advent International.
He will advise the ...
During the period, the number of deals also fell from 67 to 27, a study released by Venture Intelligence and Global-India Venture ...
Norwest Venture Partners (NVP), a global venture capital firm, has bought an 8 per cent stake in Shriram City Union Finance for ...
According to the latest data compiled by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), bank credit stood at Rs 27,98,747 crore on July 3, 2009 ...
Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has registered 55.64 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 60.11 crore for the first quarter ...
Barclays Global Retail and Commercial Bank (GRCB) India has enhanced its ‘Online Banking’ service , with National ...
The Indian rupee advanced by another 26 paise to 48.70 against the greenback in the morning trade today in tandem with rise in ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 22 paise at 48.74 in early trade today, extending gains on increased dollar sales by exporters ...
Private equity (PE) investment into the country’s healthcare and life sciences (HLS) sector dropped by 75 per cent and 40 ...
Since September 2008, Nexus India Capital has made four investments from its $200-million second fund.
It is working on three ...
Rabo Equity Advisors will float a second private equity fund focusing on the food and agribusiness sector in India in the second ...
In what can be seen as an expression of growing confidence, venture capital (VC) funds are now coming forward to support and fund ...
Two Indian venture capital firms — Anil Ambani Group’s Reliance Technology Ventures and Nexus India Capital — ...
“We have made a request for Tier-I capital worth Rs 500 crore to the government.
It has given us an in-principle approval. ...
In spite of lower than expected rainfall, National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is hopeful of disbursing ...
Balachandran M, Director of the Institute of Banking Personnel Selection (IBPS), has little time to catch his breath.
He and his ...
Aided by strong gains in fee and trading income, India’s second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank reported a 30 per ...
HPCL-Mittal Energy Limited (HMEL) has paid Rs 60 crore to insure its planned refinery in Bathinda in Punjab against risks during ...
Internal audits have forced insurance companies to ask for higher premium after issuing policies, leading to an increase in ...
The global economic recession notwithstanding, Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank is aiming at a turnover of Rs 39,000 crore for the ...
Public sector bank State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur (SBBJ) today said its net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, ...
Encouraged by the surge in mobile phone users, banks are exploring the feasibility of using mobile phones for delivering ...
After seeing strong inflows during the last two months, mutual funds lost favour with investors, who pulled out close to Rs ...
The Indian rupee today surged by another 32 paise to 48.76 against the greenback in morning trade in tandem with a strong rally ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 26 paise to quote at 48.82 against the US dollar in early trade on expectations of ...
Issuances of one-year certificates of deposit (CDs) continued to rise as banks were keen on raising funds through these papers ...
To reach out to the people in the unbanked rural areas of the state, the State Bank of India (SBI), the largest public sector ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, expects a marginal growth in credit offtake in the April -June ...
The board of India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) is meeting tomorrow to look at ways to create demand for the Rs ...
The state annual credit plan (ACP) for 2009-10 has been approved by the state level bankers’ committee (SLBC). The ACP ...
Axis Bank, India’s third largest private sector lender, saw its net profit jump 70 per cent in the quarter ended June 2009 ...
A day after Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee said the government’s huge borrowing programme would not push up ...
The Iffco-Tokio General Insurance Company has introduced Barsha Bima Yojana (BBY), a weather insurance policy, for the Orissa ...
As it shifts gears from an aggressive growth phase to a period of consolidation, ICICI Bank has set up a new commercial banking ...
India Inc raised over Rs 1.74 lakh crore through the issue of corporate bonds on a private placement basis in FY09, driven by ...
Look at a wider base, including FIIs, mutual funds and insurance companies.
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today said interest rates could go up by by 100 basis points if liquidity conditions ...
An IDBI Bank-led consortium will fund the $2.64-billion loan for Reliance Power's Krishnapatanam Ultra Mega Power Project, a ...
Employees of IDBI Bank would go on strike on July 15 to press for higher salary package.
The Indian rupee today lost 35 paise at 49.35 against the US dollar in the morning trade on dollar buying by banks and sustained ...
The Indian rupee today turned weak and lost 11 paise to hit two-month lows of 49.11 against the US dollar in early trade on ...
Kerala-headquartered South Indian Bank would soon offer online trading services.
For this, the bank is in talks with Geojit ...
The delayed southwest monsoon appears to have picked up momentum in several parts of the country, with as many as 21 ...
A recent attempt by fraudsters who created a fake website of the Indian Banks’ Association (IBA), triggering panic among ...
City-based Kanakamahalakshmi Cooperative Bank Limited is targeting to achieve deposits of Rs 100 crore and advances of Rs 70 ...
The rivalry between the country’s largest and second largest private sector bank has become bitter.
Stung by the comments of ...
In what could have been an impact of economic slowdown, the payments made through credit card declined about 15 per cent in the ...
British entity Lloyds Banking Group will write off as much as 13 billion pounds on its loan to commercial property, businesses ...
The country's oldest financial institution, IFCI, today said the institution is not aspiring to be like its high-profile peer ...
With subdued credit offtake, banks are grappling with the challenge to park funds raised through deposits.
Their investments in ...
State-run IDBI Bank expects interest rates, both on deposits and advances, to increase from the third quarter of the current ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the ceiling for issuing bonds under the Market Stabilisation Scheme (MSS) for 2009-10 ...
In its efforts to manage liquidity, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set a cap of Rs 50,000 crore for managing liquidity ...
India's foreign exchange reserves declined by a marginal $107 million for the week ended July 3 to $264.477 billion as compared ...
Insurance giant AIG is to pay millions of dollars more in executive bonuses, despite a firestorm earlier this year over the ...
IDBI Bank Ltd is planning an asset management company (AMC) which is likely to be operational in a year.
State-run IDBI Bank expects interest rates, both on deposits and advances, to increase from the third quarter of the present ...
Railway budget was passed by the Parliament with Rajya Sabha
today returning it to the Lok Sabha.
ICICI Bank's Senior General Manager, Sachin Khandelwal, has been appointed as Chairman of PIF India, a press release said.
Public Lender Andhra Bank has set a CASA target of 35 per cent
for the next fiscal from the present 31 per cent.
To facilitate ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 9 paise at 48.61 in early trade today on increased dollar sales by exporters amid expectations of ...
Never let it be said that the Justice Department can’t move quickly when it gets a hot tip about an alleged crime at a Wall ...
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has pulled up four state-run general insurance companies for faults that ...
Lending by public sector banks (PSBs) to minority communities increased 39.6 per cent to Rs 82,864 crore at the end of March 2009 ...
Andhra Bank on Thursday said that it will open specialised personal credit branches in each zone of the city.
To meet the loan ...
Life insurance companies have put their plans to list their shares on the stock exchanges on the backburner, though they are ...
Issuances of one-year certificates of deposit (CDs) rose today as banks were keen on raising funds for such tenure on views that ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has reduced the discount (rebate) rate for term loans linked to London inter-bank offered rate ...
Far from being insulated from the economic mainstream as traditionally thought, microfinance too faces a fall in growth and fund ...
City-based Kanakamahalakshmi Cooperative Bank Limited is targeting to achieve deposits of Rs 100 crore and advances of Rs 70 ...
The government today said it is not planning to privately place gilts with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as of now despite the ...
Troubled insurance firm AIG has re-initiated talks with its rival Metlife for the sale of American life insurance firm Alico, in ...
M N Rao, SBI's Chief General Manager (Bhubhaneshwar Circle), is likely to be appointed as the new managing director and chief ...
The Indian rupee today eased by nine paise to a seven-week low of 48.97 against the $ in early trade on expectations of higher ...
Rates on short-term money market instruments rose by 10 basis points today because mutual funds continued to stay away on ...
After the Securities Exchange Board of India (Sebi) scrapped the entry load for mutual funds, the Insurance Regulatory and ...
The sell-off in banking stocks after the Budget announcement was only logical — higher government borrowings are expected ...
The yen rose to a six-week high against the euro and the dollar as stocks fell and Japanese machinery orders unexpectedly ...
Shailendra Bhandari, former managing director and CEO of erstwhile Centurion Bank of Punjab, is likely to be appointed as the new ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is of the view that disclosure requirements for securitisation transactions ...
IndusInd Bank, a private sector new-age lender, reported a more than four-fold increase in net profit to Rs 86.5 crore ...
The government has set aside Rs 1,542 crore for acquiring the Reserve Bank of India’s holding in the two regulators ...
National Housing Bank (NHB) plans to set up a mortgage guarantee company by March, Executive Director R V Verma said today.
NHB, ...
When it comes to attracting investments, Tripura, one of the seven sisters of North-East and also the most geographically ...
In a move to churn its asset portfolio and earn fee-based income, IDBI Bank has securitised the retail loans of Tata Motors ...
Saudi Arabia-based investment company Excab International Holding Company for Trading Development (EXSAB) is planning to invest ...
The upcoming infra-focused fund aims to raise about $250 million in the next four months.
State Bank of India (SBI) has got first-stage approval from insurance regulator Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
The Indian rupee today virtually touched the crucial 49 level before ending at a seven-week low of 48.88/89 against the US ...
The proposed Indian Mortgage Guarantee company, in which National Housing Bank (NHB) will have a majority stake, is expected to ...
Various banks of both co-operative and nationalized banks in the district have, so far, released Rs 433 crore as crop loan to ...
Yes Bank today said it will raise $100 million from bonds in the next three months to fund business growth and branch expansion.
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 34 paise to hit two-week low against the US dollar in early trade largely in line with ...
The Union budget for 2009-10 is non-committal on the issue of disinvestment of the public sector undertakings (PSUs) in the ...
Private Equity (PE) and Venture Capital (VC) firms which have been using the trust route as vehicle for funds to pass through the ...
At a time when raising funds is a concern for private equity (PE) players globally, sponsor commitments are increasingly gaining ...
Sources close to the development told Business Standard that the state-owned insurer would invest about Rs 20,000 crore in MFs ...
UTI Ventures, the venture capital (VC) arm of UTI Asset Management Company (AMC), is raising a Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000-crore ($350 ...
Now the special undertaking won’t divest stake in 3 leading firms anytime soon.
Commercial banks
have sought six more months for restructuring cases (big accounts) with credit lines from a consortium of banks.
Public sector Bank of Maharashtra has sought government approval to raise Rs 1,500 crore in three years.
Given the heavy debt burden and fiscal deficit projected at 6.8 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP), the rating agencies ...
The government has permitted scheduled banks, including state-owned ones, to issue “zero-coupon bonds” to meet ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank today said it will raise Rs 300 crore through the issue of bonds.
Concerned over rising slippages in the industry, bankers today sought an extension of loan restructuring facility and said more ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance, today said it offers customised weather-based crop insurance to help farmers cover losses caused ...
The bank's income grew 22 per cent at Rs 8,747 crore.
Bank of Maharashtra (BoM), today said that it has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 0.25 per cent to 12.25 per ...
Bank of Maharashtra is planning to raise funds from the market, its Chairman and Managing Director Allen C A Pereira said today.
The Indian rupee appreciated by 15 paise against the $ in early trade today on expectations of capital inflows after firm ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee presented the broad contours of the government’s strategy for banks.
Though the statement ...
The government today positioned India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) as the focal point for lending to the core ...
The New Pension Scheme (NPS) is unlikely to see a sharp improvement in inflows in the coming months, though the transaction cost ...
More sops for defaulters; 1% interest subsidy for timely payers.
Bankers predict pressure on interest rates saying huge borrowings will suck out liquidity resulting in reduced lending.
The finance minister (FM) has done a good job to maintain an aggregate demand in a recessionary situation by increasing rural ...
“Some of the positives that we can pick up from the Budget includes abolition of fringe benefit tax (FBT) and commodity ...
The key theme for the Union Budget is clearly sustainable growth.
The Budget provides significant direction towards ...
A finance minister in any country across the world needs to reconcile the variable demands of vested interests.
Presenting a ...
The Union Budget for the current fiscal year is a pragmatic and honest budget.
The increased allocation to physical ...
There is no quick solution to India’s challenges and, as Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee said, one budget would not do ...
While no finance minister can propose a "please all" budget, the current proposals have a mix of good and bad.
The ...
The financial sector in the words of the finance minister is the “lifeblood of any economy”. The Budget has put more ...
I welcome this pro-growth and inclusive Budget as an important milestone in restoring India on the 9 per cent growth path over ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank is planning to raise Rs 700 crore through Perpetual Non- Cumulative Preference(PNCP) route to support ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 6 paise against the $ in early trade on increased demand for the American currency from ...
Chancellor of the Exchequer AlistairDarling said the UK needs a new banking system to stop financial institutions behaving in a ...
The general insurance joint venture would have an initial capital of Rs 150 crore, said S K Goel, Chairman and Managing Director, ...
A US government body created to restore confidence of the public in the country’s banking system feels that Indian lender ...
A day before Budget, UK-based insurance firm Aviva today said it is keen on raising FDI to 49 per cent in the Indian venture ...
With the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) abolishing the entry load on mutual funds, sector experts believe ...
Kerala-based private sector South Indian Bank is targeting business worth Rs 75,000 crore by 2013, driven by branch expansion and ...
Dewan Housing Finance Company’s (DHFL) recently concluded Rs 225-crore qualified institutional placement (QIP) saw South ...
Bank Unions have deferred their nation-wide strike called to protest the proposed merger of State Bank of Indore with State Bank ...
The July 6 strike called by the All India Bank Employees’ Association at the five subsidiary banks of State Bank of India ...
Owing to revaluation of currencies, India’s foreign exchange reserves went up by $932 million to $264.58 billion during the ...
Public sector Uco Bank would invest Rs 45 crore in its general insurance company, which would be operational by March next year, ...
UCO Bank today said it will tie up with domestic and foreign entities to float a general insurance company, in which the ...
Inflationary pressures bottomed out in February, but have been picking up since then on a sequential basis, a HDFC Bank report ...
Union Bank of India has appointed three new directors on its board.
According to an SIB release today,  interest on NRE deposits of one year to less than two years and two years to less than ...
The Indian rupee today lost 18 paise against the $ in early trade on strong demand for the greenback from importers amid the US ...
Bajaj Allianz, a leading insurer offering general and life insurance products, has made strategic investment of Rs 50 crore in ...
Mutual funds purchased short-term money market instruments today on view that rates could fall next week in the wake of ...
Issuances of short-term money market instruments rose today because mutual funds—the key investors—stepped up ...
One year after the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority’s (Irda) allowed insurance companies to invest in venture ...
China, the largest holder of foreign currency reserves, renewed its call for a stable dollar and damped speculation that the ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) would open five new branches in Uganda, Trinidad and Malasiya during 2009-10, a top bank’s official ...
The Economic Survey has favoured a shift to monetary tightening when there is an economic upturn.
Public sector Andhra Bank is looking at a business of Rs 130,000 crore in this fiscal, a senior bank official has said.
Gears up to merge State Bank of Indore with itself in the next twelve months.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said it will open five more branches abroad this financial year and will recruit about 3,000 people in ...
Cooperative banks which were brought under the tax net in 2006 have demanded restoration of income tax exemption arguing retained ...
Public sector lender, Andhra Bank, is eyeing a total business of Rs 1.3 lakh-crore during this fiscal, a senior bank official ...
Private sector lender, Yes Bank, plans to raise around Rs 500 crore by September as Tier-II capital and around $200 million in ...
The Reserve Bank today said the country's wholesale price-based inflation (WPI) and industrial production data (IIP) should be ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 15 paise against the dollar in early trade on weakness in the greenback against major Asian ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has barred insurance companies from investing in Indian depository ...
As part of an exercise to rationalise costs, ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, plans to set up a ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF)’s board of directors plans to approve authorisation to issue as much as $150 billion ...
Credit offtake by banks picked up for the second fortnight in a row, rising by Rs 13,005 crore in the first half of June.
During ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company is planning to launch a new policy in 45 days this financial year.
Kumbakonam-based City Union Bank (CUB) is planning to raise Rs 300 crore through the qualified institutional placement (QIP) ...
Global banking majors Standard Chartered and ANZ are in advance talks to acquire separate parts of troubled Royal Bank of ...
Indian Bank has hiked interest rates on FCNR (B) and NRE deposits with effect from July 1, 2009. 
For FCNR (B) deposits, in ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between ICICI Bank and Prudential Plc, has launched "LifeStage ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 20 paise against the $ in early trade on increased demand for the US currency from ...
The current account balance saw this turnaround after two years.
During the January-March 2007 current account increased by $ 4.2 ...
India’s external debt rose about 2.4 per cent to $229.9 billion at the end of March 2009 from $224.57 billion a year ago ...
Hyderabad-based financial services provider Karvy group on Tuesday announced the regrouping of its advisory services primarily to ...
HSBC’s bottomline stood at Rs 1,291 crore for 2008-09 as compared to Rs 1,192 crore in the previous year, while Deutsche ...
The government is considering a proposal to extend the benefit of tax pass-through to domestic venture capital (VC) funds on ...
Technology sector falls out of favour.
Public sector lender, Corporation Bank, is planning to raise Rs 1,000 crore capital through bond issuances in the current ...
India’s rupee rose, snapping five quarters of losses, as the prime minister’s re-election for a second term boosted ...
If you are a Citibank credit card holder in Bangalore, and use a Vodafone mobile phone service on a Nokia 6212, you need not ...
Offers to fix rates in second, third year of loan.
Earlier in June 2008, the RBI has allowed the exporters to bring in the proceeds within one year against six months.
Britain's state-controlled Lloyds Banking Group said today it would cut 2,100 more jobs over the next three years as the ...
Corporation Bank is expecting a lower credit growth of 20 per cent during the current financial year, bank's Chairman and ...
While SBI Easy Home is for loans up to Rs 30-lakh, SBI Advantage Home is for home buyers in the premium segment above Rs 30-lakh, ...
LIC Housing Finance, today announced a reduction in interest rates for its existing home loan borrowers.
Country's second-largest public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it has appointed S Ranganathan as the ...
Syndicate Bank has revised the rate of interest on domestic deposits of less than Rs 1 crore with effect from June 24, a release ...
Private sector lender Dhanalakshmi Bank today said it has reduced interest on its deposits by up to 1 per cent across various ...
State Bank of Hyderabad has reduced benchmark prime lending rate by 50 basis points from 12.75 per cent
to 12.25 per cent.
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 23 paise to a two-week high against the $ in early trade on expectations of increased ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all primary urban cooperative banks (UCBs) in the country to ensure more than the ...
Kingfisher pays 37 per cent higher premium; Air India defers renewal.
Private lender Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) plans to raise up to Rs 250 crore by issuing equity shares at a premium to institutional ...
Public sector UCO Bank is considering a follow-on public offer (FPO) that will result in government holding in the bank falling ...
Public sector lender, UCO Bank, is mulling a follow-on public offer (FPO), which will reduce government holding in the bank from ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said that it will launch a 'Dealers Accounts Drive' from July 1, lasting over the next six ...
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, plans to be a dominant foreign bank in selected nations, including Mauritius.
Kolkata-based UCO Bank is planning to cut interest rate on deposits by 50-100 basis points across different maturities by next ...
The decrease in BPLR will be applicable to all outstanding and fresh credit facilities linked with BPLR, the bank said in a ...
The shareholders of Manipal-headquartered public sector lender, Syndicate Bank, have elected three new directors to the board of ...
The rupee fell by five paise against the US currency in early trade today after increased demand for $ by oil importers.
In the wake of the deterioration in the overall economic climate, most public sector banks missed the target on gross ...
Like its erstwhile peers ICICI and IDBI, the country’s oldest financial institution, IFCI, is keen to enter the banking ...
Five US banks with total assets of about $1.04 billion were seized by regulators, pushing this year’s tally of failures to ...
Drops rate to 8%, others may find it hard to match.
Public sector Oriental Bank of Commerce plans to open 113 branches across Tier-II and Tier-III cities in the current financial ...
The country’s foreign exchange reserves increased by $8 million to $263.65 billion during the week ended June 19, 2009, ...
With credit off-take at an all-time low, banks are staying invested in liquid mutual fund instruments even as the quarter draws ...
The huge difference between consumer price index (CPI) and wholesale price index (WPI) confronts banks while reducing deposit ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, plans to beef up its international business by increasing the share of ...
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) is planning to raise around Rs 500 crore by way of qualified institutional placement (QIP). The proposed ...
India's forex reserves rose by $8 million to $263.652 billion for the week ended June 19 as compared to $263.644 billion in the ...
Swiss banking major UBS is looking to raise 3.8 billion Swiss francs (about $3.5 billion) through issue of fresh shares and has ...
Max India today said its life insurance venture -- Max New York Life Insurance -- would invest Rs 700 crore in this fiscal for ...
Public sector lender SBI's associate bank, State Bank of Mysore today slashed its lending rate by 50 basis points to 12.25 per ...
Public sector Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) plans to open 113 branches across Tier II and Tier III cities in the current fiscal ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today assured that it would maintain ample liquidity in the system.
Public sector banks have been authorised to give more relief to farmers under the debt relief scheme, provided the lenders do not ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 11 paise against the US currency in early trade on capital inflows by foreign funds on ...
The Reserve Bank of India may tighten prudential norms for banks to provide a cushion for financial soundness when the economy ...
Mutual funds (MFs) stepped up purchases of one-year certificates of deposit (CDs) today due to inflows in their liquid plus ...
“RBI Governor D Subbarao will release the first quarter review of Monetary Policy 2009-10 on July 28,” the central ...
Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC), the international wing of the Japan Finance Corporation (JFC), a policy-based ...
AEGON Religare Life Insurance is planning to infuse Rs 230 crore in the current financial year, taking its total capital base to ...
Students from disadvantaged economic backgrounds will no longer face financial problems in pursuit of higher education as the ...
In a relief to farmers who had defaulted on loan repayments, the government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have allowed ...
After weathering the December quarter, when the liquidity crunch was at its peak, LIC Housing Finance recorded a healthy 37 per ...
Life insurers are pitching for increased exemption on investments in long-term policies.
They have asked the government to ...
The All India Regional Rural Bank Employees Association (AIRRBEA) wants the regional rural banks (RRBs) in the country to be ...
Public sector Bank of Baroda is eyeing a total turnover of Rs 4.25 lakh crore in the current fiscal, bank's Chairman and Managing ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has appoint SS Ranjan as the new chief financial officer (CFO) of the bank.
Enthused by a massive 54 per cent growth rate in its international loan book, the country's largest lender, State Bank of India, ...
Keeping in the view of the current interest rate environment, IDBI Bank has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 25 ...
Swiss banking secrecy is still the rule despite international pressure for greater transparency, Switzerland's President and ...
"D Subbarao, Governor, Reserve Bank of India will release the first quarter review of Monetary Policy 2009-10 on Tuesday, ...
The Indian rupee today remained steady at 48.57/58 against the US currency in early trade on weakening of dollar in the overseas ...
Joins Morgan Stanley and UBS AG in boosting salaries for executives and employees.
The All India Bank Employees' Association (AIBEA) along with five other unions would observe a countrywide strike in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India On Wednesday asked all banks and financial institutions to provide customers their credit information, ...
Cash management solutions provider Fundtech India Ltd is entering the European banking sector with its product Global CashPlus.
In an effort to prevent fraud in cases involving multiple banking arrangements, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked that ...
State-owned Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) might buy more government securities (G-secs) in the current financial year ...
Buoyed by a rise in profit from treasury operations, Citibank On Wednesday said the net profit of its Indian operations rose ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, today announced a 50 basis point cut in its benchmark prime ...
The pace of sale of non-performing assets (NPAs) moderated in 2008-09 as asset prices declined in the aftermath of the global ...
Public sector Allahabad Bank does not see much scope for reducing interest rates on deposits as high rates on government’s ...
Srei Equipment Finance, the 50:50 joint venture between Srei Infrastructure Finance and BNP Paribas, said it would raise up to Rs ...
Public sector Bank of India (BoI) plans to raise up to Rs 13,006 crore through a mix of instruments such as innovative perpetual ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, today announced a 50 basis point reduction in its benchmark prime ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance (BSLI), today announced the renewal of its bancassurance partnership with Development Credit Bank by ...
"All corporate and retail categories borrowers such as MSME, agriculture, retail rrade and other sectors, as well as ...
The Reserve bank today asked all banks and financial institutions to provide customers their credit information, when they
The tenure of the committee will be for two years up to June 30, 2011, the central bank said in a release.
Bank of India will raise up to Rs 13,006 crore through issuance of innovative perpetual debt instruments, preference shares, tier ...
Citibank India today announced that it has reported total revenues of Rs 10,423 crores for the year ended March 31, 2009, ...
The Export-Import Bank of India will soon float a special fund for commercialisation of rural technologies for export market.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) today said it will invest nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the equity market this fiscal.
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 16 paise against $ in early trade, taking cues from other Asian currencies.
The country’s largest mortgage firm, Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), will reduce the lending rates if the ...
Cash management solutions provider Fundtech India Ltd is entering the European banking sector with its product Global CashPlus.
“We will disburse around Rs 23,000 crore this year.
So far, we have disbursed Rs 3,000 crore,” said Chairman and ...
LIC will divest its stake in UTI Asset Management Company (UTI AMC) along with other shareholders in the company.
At a time when the life insurance market is contracting, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest ...
At a time when the life insurance market is contracting, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest ...
Renuka Ramnath, who quit as the managing director and CEO of ICICI Venture Funds, is set to float a private equity (PE) fund. ...
International Asset Reconstruction Co (IARC) is planning to float a Rs 500-crore debt fund to purchase non-performing assets ...
Insurance behemoth Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is planning to acquire more shares in Thrissur-based private sector ...
Public sector Bank of India today said it has reduced interest rates on rupee term deposits by 0.25 per cent to 0.50 per cent ...
The Justice Department of America may drop the legal case aimed at forcing the Swiss bank UBS to divulge the names of 52,000 ...
The Indian rupee today lost further ground and was down by 25 paise at 48.85/86 against the $ in early trade on heavy capital ...
Ratings agency Crisil has revised the rating outlook on the long-term debt instrument of Citibank India to ‘Stable’ ...
Andhra Bank aims to have a pan-India presence by opening about 220 new branches over two years, according to Chairman and ...
State-owned United Bank of India is planning an initial public offering (IPO) by December 2009 to raise around Rs 400 crore.
Export-Import Bank of India has set up a Rural Technology Development Fund with an initial corpus of Rs 1 crore to assist rural ...
Future Generali India Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between Kishore Biyani-led Future Group and Generali Group of ...
The United Bank of India (UBI) will come out with an initial public offer (IPO) by December 2009.
The bank would raise about Rs ...
Housing and Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) has cut lending rates by up to 1.25 per cent for government funded and private ...
Union Bank of India today announced a 25-basis-point reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR), while United Bank of ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) proposes to make a tie-up between a life insurance and a general or ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) have stepped up their borrowings through commercial papers (CPs) and non-convertible ...
IFCI, the erstwhile development financial institution that has turned into a non-banking finance company, is exploring options to ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today said it has cut its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 0.25 per cent to 11.75 ...
State-run lender Andhra Bank today launched a major brand-building initiative by unveiling a new mascot and also a new corporate ...
Private sector lender UCO Bank, which plans to foray into the general insurance business, is expected to finalise its joint ...
The Indian rupee fell by 30 paise to 48.38 against the US currency in morning trade on fresh dollar demand from importers, ...
The yield on government bonds may firm up, with plenty of paper coming into the market as state and central governments plan to ...
The country’s two largest private sector lenders — ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank — have modified, albeit in ...
To promote long-term investment and increase penetration of life insurance cover in the country, the insurers today demanded that ...
Leaders of the European Union (EU) agreed to their most sweeping overhaul of financial regulation, sharpening scrutiny of banks ...
Despite US President Barack Obama's initiative on giving more regulatory powers to the Federal Reserve facing Congressional ...
Reiterates RBI's commitment to reversing 'expansionary' monetary policy.
The All India State Bank Officers Federation has said merger and consolidation of public sector banks would harm the expansion of ...
Leading banks along with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) and the Uttarakhand government are ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank on Friday said it would recruit 900 people, including 500 specialists, in nine months to drive ...
Private sector lender Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) has entered into an alliance with Karvy Stock Broking (KSBL) to provide its ...
The Asset-Liability Committee of UCO Bank has proposed a 50 basis points (bps) reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate ...
Foreign exchange reserves rose by $2.43 billion to $263.64 billion in the week ended June 12 mainly due to the revaluation of the ...
Private sector lender Development Credit Bank (DCB) today said its losses rose 12-fold to Rs 91.3 crore during the quarter-ended ...
Buoyed by the success of the merger of State Bank of Saurashtra with itself, State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s ...
Sameer Nath, head of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) for Citi Group Global Markets India, has been busy working on domestic ...
Snapping its one-week losing streak, the Indian rupee gained by 11 paise to 48.08/09 against $ on expectations of fresh capital ...
As liquidity eases and inflation turns negative, Dewan Housing Finance Corporation today said it expects home loan rates to come ...
Eyeing growth of at least 40 per cent in loans in the current financial year, Yes Bank today said it would recruit 900 people, ...
The Indian rupee gained a marginal three paise in early trade today on capital inflow by foreign funds on expectation that the ...
With the increasingly growing unforeseen incidents overseas, including the outbreak of swine flue, tour and travel operators are ...
Close to retirement, Vivek Daga wanted to move his equity investments to debt.
But when he looked at the returns of the funds ...
Mutual funds bought longer-tenure certificates of deposit (Cds) today eyeing the rise in rates amid supply of such papers from ...
Credit Suisse Group AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank by market value, may start buying back shares next year, JPMorgan Chase ...
The country’s financial institutions need more investment and improvement in their anti-money laundering (AML) systems even ...
State-owned Union Bank of India will cut lending rates by July, its Chairman and Managing Director M V Nair said here on ...
SBI differs, says already following norms.
India might be able to secure full membership of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), an inter-governmental body formed to ...
The wage revision talks between the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), an umbrella body of bank employees’ organisations, ...
Aided by a strong showing in its non-interest income, DBS Bank India recorded an almost four-fold increase in net profit at Rs ...
India might be able to secure membership of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) only in 2010, as the scheduled ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) and private infrastructure development firm IL&FS will impart training ...
In a top-level reshuffle, UCO Bank’s Chairman SK Goel is set to move to Punjab National Bank, which is the country’s ...
Union Bank of India would make a foray into the mutual fund business by December, a top bank official said today.
The country's largest private sector housing finance company, HDFC, has reduced its deposit rates by up to 0.25 per cent across ...
The Indian rupee resumed stronger by 11 paise against the $ in early trade today taking cues from other Asia currencies.
Evincing interest to participate in India’s urban development process, multilateral lending agency World Bank has initiated ...
The underlying paper will be 10-year govt bonds.
Sectoral regulators themselves lack coordination among themselves when it comes to keeping a watch on the activities of ...
Bank of America Corp (BofA) has made “considerable” cost savings in Asia since its January purchase of Merrill Lynch ...
UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling will say that sharpening the judgment of bank regulators is the way to prevent ...
Rates eased by 10-15 basis points On Wednesday because mutual funds continued to buy certificates of deposit (CDs) on inflows in ...
Writes to the lender’s board saying the new salary structure should be in line with that of PSBs.
In order to make banking services more customer-friendly, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants more and more banks to adopt the ...
Although bank credit increased Rs 21,460 crore in the fortnight ended June 5, 2009, after falling by Rs 16,306 crore in the ...
Mumbaikars spend the lowest compared to the denizens of the other three metros.
Credit offtake of banks for the fortnight ended June 5 increased by 15.1 per cent to Rs 28 lakh crore.
Manipal-headquartered public sector lender, Syndicate Bank, today said that it has raised Rs 200 crore through issue of unsecured ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 12 paise against the dollar in early trade today on increased demand for the dollar from ...
Citigroup Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit said his bank will look abroad for growth as the US economy goes through an ...
Saraswat Cooperative Bank, India’s largest urban cooperative bank (UCB), is planning two acquisitions to increase its ...
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) fell sharply On Tuesday because banks were not keen on raising funds as most of them ...
Proposes further easing of norms, but the Reserve Bank of India wants status quo.
With the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill awaiting Parliamentary approval, Max India, Analjit Singh’s flagship company, has ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) with interest in the insurance business are bracing for an increase in the foreign investment ceiling ...
In order to revive the demand in the real estate sector, Urban Development Minister Jaipal Reddy today favoured cheaper loans for ...
Canara HSBC Life Insurance plans a fresh fund infusion in the second half of the current financial year.
This will enable foreign partners to hike their stake beyond 26 per cent.
Country's largest urban co-operative lender, Saraswat Bank today said it is in talks with two to three co-operative banks for ...
All India Bank Employees' Association (AIBEA) and All India Bank Officers' Association (AIBOA) have announced their decision to ...
The country's fourth largest public sector lender, Canara Bank, today said it is willing to acquire a bank in India to increase ...
Bank Muscat today said it will sell its remaining holding in India's second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank within a ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 21 paise against the $ in early trade today on banks buying the US unit in anticipation of ...
Former PNB chief takes over as the 51st deputy governor of RBI.
Banks have sought relaxation in norms for classifying loans to delayed infrastructure projects as sub-standard assets even as the ...
Central Bank of India plans to rope in private equity (PE) players for making investments.
The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has asked public sector banks (PSBs) to fix accountability for small loans that turn into ...
Public sector Allahabad Bank is looking to raise Rs 1,000 crore in the current financial year.
All urban cooperative banks (UCBs) will now be permitted to declare dividends on shares without prior approval of the Reserve ...
Japan’s Nomura will pay about Rs 138 crore ($29 million) to buy 19.3 per cent stake in LIC Mutual Fund as part of a deal to ...
Leading private sector life and general insurance company, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has launched Invest Plus, which offers ...
LIC Housing Finance today sold 18.3 per cent of stake in LIC Mutual Fund to Japanese Financial services company, Nomura, ...
The Indian rupee fell by 26 paise to 47.87 against the greenback in morning trade today in tandem with weak equity market and ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 16 paise against $ in early trade today taking cue from weak Asian currencies and expectations of ...
Germany has come forward to fund a 15 million euro Tripura government project for socio-economic development of tribals and ...
The government is beginning a review of the administered interest rate structure for small savings schemes and plans to set up a ...
Three overseas financial giants have evinced interests to pick up 26 per cent stake in UTI AMC, where four stakeholders including ...
Outward remittances towards education and travel have shown sharp rise with more students opting to study overseas and more ...
Insurance regulator Irda has asked for bringing about level-playing field between unit linked investment products of life ...
The yield on the government bonds is likely to show a hardening trend on apprehensions about the huge borrowing programme of the ...
Lauding the government and RBI for saving the day for India with conservative banking norms, ICICI Bank Chairman KV Kamath today ...
Expecting exponential growth in the next five years, private lender Yes Bank today said it will raise $400 million (about Rs ...
Outward remittances towards education and travel have shown sharp rise with more students opting to study overseas and more ...
Getting or renewing health insurance when not young remains a problem, but there's some limited relief now.
Lending rate review by month-end.
Nine months after it filed for bankruptcy protection and sold its brokerage to Barclays, Lehman Brothers Holdings is still ...
The country's second largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank (PNB), today said there would be no drastic reduction in ...
For a tenure of 181 days to less than one year, the rate has been reduced from 6.50 per cent to 6.25 per cent while for one-year ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined $1.08 billion to $261.21 billion for the week ended June 5, mainly due to ...
Rabo India Finance, a 100 per cent subsidiary of Rabobank International, will take a call on foraying into banking in India by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued guidelines for setting up off-site ATMs without its permission.
For this, banks will ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke’s success in stabilising the financial system through unprecedented use of the ...
Banks can now open ATMs with ease, as the Reserve Bank today authorised them to install these machines at places of their choice, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sold $2,487 million in April, the first month of 2009-10, to support orderly trading in the ...
Executives say trend likely to go on for some time.
Iffco Tokio General Insurance Company is planning to introduce a satellite-based weather index for weather insurance by using ...
Receipts rise after falling for two successive years.
US foreclosure filings surpassed 300,000 for the third straight month in May and may hit a record 1.8 million by the first half ...
The All-India Bank Employees’ Association (AIBEA) On Thursday said that it was planning a strike in State Bank of ...
Banks in West Bengal have decided to restructure loans for farmers hit by cyclone Aila in North and South 24-Parganas districts.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) On Thursday said it had set up a working group on reworking the benchmark prime lending rate ...
Mutual funds preferred to stay on the sidelines due to expectations of redemption pressure from companies ahead of advance tax ...
With banks extending loans to corporates at sub-prime lending rates, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today constituted a working ...
As CIO, Pradhan will be responsible for all investment activities and investment strategy, a press release issued here stated.
Improvement in the investment climate and other factors are likely to help India get back to the growth path, though exports and ...
Thailand, Vietnam and Laos launched a scheme today allowing trucks to drive across the three countries without stopping, in a ...
India's image as a safe investment destination has been further cemented by the post-poll stock market rally and global investors ...
The bank had a net profit of Rs 28.19 crore in the March quarter of FY'08, City Union Bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 11 paise against the $ in early trade today tracking weak Asian currencies and increased demand ...
Public sector bank chiefs said they would consider cutting lending rates over the next month, following their meeting with ...
Branch network is now a quarter of the year-ago level.
Banc of America Securities India Pvt Ltd (BASIL) may keep its balance sheet growth plan on hold, pending the finalisation of the ...
Favouring consolidation among public sector banks, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee today reiterated that if bank managements ...
ING Groep NV remains committed to its India operations and continues to have long-term business prospects in the country, a ...
Valuation on basis of embedded value to be mandatory.
Andhra Bank, the lead bank for Ganjam district in south Orissa, has prepared the Annual Credit Plan (ACP) for 2009-10 with a ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country’s second largest public sector bank aims to reach out to the customers in rural ...
Financial services behemoth Citigroup has started the conversion of preferred securities worth $58 billion into common shares, a ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank said it will cut its benchmark lending rate by 50 basis points beginning next month, coinciding ...
After merging State Bank of Saurashtra with itself last year, country's largest lender SBI would now take a call on consolidating ...
Barclays Bank PLC has joined hands with Pratham, a leading NGO in the education space, to launch a unique entrepreneurship ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) today said it is waiting for government signals for the merger of its six associate banks.
The Indian rupee today opened strong by 21 paise against the dollar on expectations of good capital inflow from foreign funds in ...
With a view to achieve focused growth in Jharkhand and Bihar, the Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) will bifurcate the business of ...
The proposed merger of two Kerala-based private sector banks, Federal Bank and Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB), has gathered pace ...
The propsed strike on June 12 by public sector bank employees was deferred today after a breakthrough was achieved in the talks ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) plans to raise about Rs 350 crore capital to grow and maintain a comfortable capital adequacy ...
The country’s largest housing finance company, Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), today said it had received ...
Issuance of certificates of deposit (Cds) rose slightly today because some banks placed CDs to refinance some of their papers ...
Forms not available at most institutions that are selling the scheme; officials not aware of procedures.
Long wait for realisation makes lenders averse to security receipt transactions.
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited, a Hyderabad-based microfinance institution, has raised Rs 80 crore by issuing one-year ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance, has received the regulatory approval for its critical illness insurance policy.
The company ...
Eyes Rs 700 cr premium income this fiscal.
Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc doubled its municipal-bond holdings in nine months amid record swings in the value ...
Indian banks had good risk-management skills under prudent regulations of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), felt Steve Lindo, ...
The Indian rupee today ended higher by seven paise to 47.48/49 per $ on expectations of good capital inflow from foreign funds in ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, plans to recruit 13,000 persons at various levels during the current fiscal.
Banks in Punjab have recorded 74 per cent jump in sanctioning of loan amount to industrial units in the month of May this year ...
New-age private sector lender, Yes Bank has entered into an agreement with Finnish firm, Lahti Science and Business Park to ...
The Indian rupee today continued its south-bound journey and fell by nine paise to 47.64 against the $ in early trade at the ...
Central Bank of India has put non-performing assets (NPAs) with a total outstanding amount of Rs 102 crore on sale to clean up ...
Private sector Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited is planning to open about 40 branches across the country, including eight in ...
There may be a further rise in corporate loan defaults despite an improving economic environment as some sectors continue to ...
New mortality table to be finalised by Oct.
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, will double the number of branches for retail sales of gold coins to 1,100 in ...
The Brics(Brazil, Russia, India and China) are buying dollars at the fastest pace since before credit markets froze in September, ...
After the failure of talks with the chief labour commissioner, the Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) has called for a meeting ...
The government’s move to recapitalise public sector banks (PSBs) has received support from rating agency Moody’s, ...
Private sector lender Development Credit Bank today slashed interest rates on deposits by up to 0.5 per cent across different ...
A high level panel headed by RBI Deputy Governor Usha Thorat is interviewing around 50 general managers to select 12-15 executive ...
Private sector lender Development Credit Bank has cut its deposit rates on select tenures by 25-50 basis points (bps).
Country's largest lender State Bank of India will double the number of branches for retail sales of gold coins to 1,100 in the ...
Multilateral lending agency Asian Development Bank (ADB) today announced the appointment of Jong-Wha Lee as its chief economist.
The Indian rupee quoted low by 18 paise against the $ in early trade today following weak Asian currencies and selling of the $ ...
Noting the benefits banks say they enjoy from seamless working on Core Banking Solutions (CBS), the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Big banks in the US say they’re on the mend.
The five largest were profitable in the first quarter, rebounding from record ...
Wants to wait for amendments to the SBI Act for a follow-on public issue.
Bank of America, which has been directed to bolster its capital position following the rigorous tests, has appointed four new ...
British banking giant Barclays is finanlising a deal to merge its $1-trillion fund management arm BGI with US-based BlackRock, a ...
ICICI Bank today said it will have a strong showing in car, home and corporate loans business in the current fiscal, but its ...
After launching an infrastructure fund in collaboration with Macquaire and IFC, State Bank of India is in the process of setting ...
Union Bank of India aims to increase business from alternative channels to 35 per cent by the end of the current financial year ...
The public sector Union Bank of India today launched a 'self user creation facility' enabling users of the bank's internet ...
Amid demand from the industry to cut costs of borrowing, public sector lender Indian Bank today said a decision to cut both ...
State Bank of India(SBI) today said its proposed joint venture with Societe Generale for custodial services, likely to be ...
The State Bank of India is planning to double its branch network in Singapore during the current fiscal with an objective to ...
Foreseeing Indian economy back on a high-growth trajectory in the coming months, ICICI Bank is looking at expanding its ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 14 paise to $47.06 in early trade today.
Heavy dollar buying in anticipation of heavy capital ...
Top executives on the board of the country’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, did not receive either performance ...
Move to help India Inc access funds
in the absence of foreign funds.
ICICI Bank, the country’s second largest lender, today announced a 50 basis point reduction in its benchmark lending rates, ...
Public sector lenders Bank of Baroda (BOB), Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) and Andhra Bank have signed a joint venture agreement for ...
Three public sector lenders — Bank of Baroda (BOB), Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), and Andhra Bank — today entered into ...
The RBI on Thursday asked banks to review their loan policy towards micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), badly hit by the ...
Bank employees belonging to nine unions have decided to go ahead with their one-day strike on June 12, after their talks with ...
Low disbursements have resulted in a fall in the year-on-year bank credit growth to 15.86 per cent, the lowest level in nearly ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) today said it is in talks with Japan-based Nomura Securities to sell stake in the mutual fund ...
Amid hopes of an early economic turnaround, the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Bank of England (BoE) today left the key ...
Sufficient liquidity in the banking system and low inflation have provided headroom for State Bank of India (SBI) to cut its ...
The Active Trader Service, an offline trading platform of ICICI Securities was launched here today by the company for the first ...
Bank of Russia today announced further cut in its key lending rate by 0.5 percentage point to 11.5 per cent, a third cut since ...
Banking upon India's economic recovery, state-run Union Bank of India aims to step up its participation in syndicated loan ...
The revised FRR will be 12.75 per cent as against 13.25 per cent at present.
All the existing floating rate retail loan customers ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 17 paise to 47.24 against the $ in early trade today as banks bought the currency on behalf of ...
Embarking upon this high-tech business model in 2007, the sixth largest public sector bank in India proposes to step up its ...
LIC Housing Finance, India’s second largest housing finance company, plans to raise capital by issuing 10 million shares ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest institutional investors, is scanning around 200 companies ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance is planning to launch a new health policy and a motor policy shortly.
JPMorgan Chase & Co is disbanding an investment-banking unit that wagers the company’s money on hedge funds, leveraged ...
Union Bank Chairman M V Nair is tipped to become the chairman of Indian Banks’ Association (IBA). Punjab National Bank CMD ...
Sri Lanka may sell its currency should it gain too much as foreign aid and investments flow into the country after the end of a ...
Capital flows to India will almost double to $33.9 billion (Rs 1,59,003 crore) in the current financial year from an estimated ...
The government should avoid euphoria about India’s growth and success and should lace its policies with pragmatism, given ...
Interest rates have come off quite a bit and are attractive now.
State-run Bank of Maharashtra plans to raise Rs 500 crore capital this fiscal to fund its expansion, a top official said.
Moving in tandem with local stocks, the Indian rupee today gave up its early gains and ended six paise weaker at 47.08 against ...
Bharti AXA Life Insurance, a joint venture between Bharti Group and Paris-based AXA Group, is targeting Rs 1,000-crore revenue ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said Anand Mahindra has ceased to be a promoter of the bank but will continue to ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 18 paise a $ at 46.83 -- its seven-month high -- in early trade today, supported by a weak $ ...
Bank of America Corp, the biggest US lender, has raised almost all of the $33.9 billion demanded by regulators after last ...
Helios Capital Management Pte, the hedge-fund manager once backed by Tudor Investment Corp, plans to start a “Slumdog ...
In order to avoid the financial risk arising out of cancellation of matches, ESPN India has taken Rs 148 crore ($31.5 million) ...
With an aim to provide notes with longer life, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) intends to introduce polymer notes in the country. ...
Local clearance in a day, outstation within 14 days.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) Chairman and Managing Director Kamlesh Chandra Chakrabarty is set to take over as deputy governor of ...
The World Bank is reported to have expressed satisfaction over the progress of the Integrated Coastal Zone Management (ICZM) ...
The Rajkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry is hosting a seminar on economic growth and regional nonequivalent in the industry on ...
With an aim to provide notes with longer life, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) intends to introduce polymer notes in the country. ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is planning to come out with insurance-sector-specific accounting ...
Loans taken in 2004 show the highest default rate, says ICRA.
Japan's Nomura Group is set to acquire 35 per cent in LIC Mutual Fund, India's seventh largest mutual fund, after the board of ...
Financial services firm Morgan Stanley today said it will raise $2.2 billion through the sale of stocks, as part of its efforts ...
Punjab National Bank Chairman and Manging Director K C Chakrabarty is likely to take over as deputy governor of the Reserve Bank ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, today said it could raise Rs 28,000 crore from bonds to meet regulatory ...
For all the hand-wringing over the dollar’s slide, the expanding US deficit and the nation’s AAA credit rating, the ...
In order to increase its presence in the insurance segment, financial services provider Religare today signed an agreement with ...
Pune-based Bank of Maharashtra is planning to hire 600 people across India during the current financial year for it proposed 100 ...
As part of its expansion plans, the Union Bank of India will set up 67 new branches across Maharashtra during the current ...
The government refrained from increasing its borrowing plan, saying it hasn’t yet decided on the borrowing schedule for the ...
When financial stocks slumped in February to the lowest level in at least 17 years, US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke ...
Prudential Financial Inc., the biggest life insurer approved for U.S. bailout funds, said it will raise $1.25 billion selling ...
Spice Finance, the financial services arm of the $1.5-billion BK Modi Group, has entered into a joint venture with ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) plans to open 46 new branches in Orissa in 2009-10. Out of these 46 branches, the bank has got the ...
The change in the fortunes of the stock market has made things easier for brokers, as they would be getting higher discounts on ...
Shikha Sharma today took charge as the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO) of India’s ...
Premium from new policies up 30 per cent in April.
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), today said it has increased its stake to 55 per cent in joint venture ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank today reported 32 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 78.68 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, ...
The government is set to appoint three new Chairman and Managing Directors (CMD) for the various public sector banks in the ...
State-run, Dena Bank today revised interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (bank) account deposits and non-resident ...
As part of its expansion plans, the Union Bank of India will set up 67 new branches across Maharashtra during the current ...
Axis Bank, a leading private sector bank, plans to raise capital worth Rs 3,000 crore in the FY 2009-10 through tier I and II ...
In a bid to inculcate savings habit among the school children, Andhra Bank has decided to launch a drive to encourage opening of ...
Following the RBI’s restriction on banks to issue guarantees for bonds, Indian companies which were looking to raise large ...
State-run Central Bank of India is assessing various options to raise capital, which could include a rights issue, a top bank ...
To get more deposits with a low rate of interest, State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to tap the rural market and aims to ...
Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company (SUDLIC), which launched its business operations in February this year, has put an ...
MARKET-LINKED HEALTH plans have advantages, but can hurt during downturns.
This one is for the indisciplined investor.
Allahabad Bank has revised the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (FCNR) deposits with effect from 1st  June, ...
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee will meet heads of public sector banks on June 10 to impress upon them the need to further cut ...
The yield on the 6.05 per cent note due February 2019 climbed 21 basis points this week to 6.70 per cent at the close, according ...
Rating agency Moody’s has placed 13 Indian banks, including State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Punjab National Bank, on ...
Comfortable liquidity may prompt RBI to defer gilts buyback.
Aegon Religare Life Insurance is expecting a 150-175 per cent growth in premium collections this fiscal.
Last financial year, ...
Barely two weeks after the country’s largest banker, State Bank of India, issued a guarantee for a Rs 4,200-crore debenture ...
State Bank of India on Friday said there was a softening bias in interest rates in the light of inflation staying below 1 per ...
The global rating agency Moody's may downgrade ratings of 13 Indian banks, including bigwigs such as SBI and ICICI Bank, as the ...
State Bank of India today launched a special product called Defence Salary Package (DSP) for Army personnel and aims to open ...
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, today said it will consider a cut in interest rates after the bankers' meeting ...
Small and medium borrowers taking term-loans from the Delhi Financial Corporation(DFC) will now be eligible for working capital ...
Remittance service provider TimesofMoney plans to launch DirecPay — a product that enables merchants to facilitate online ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by nine paise against the $ in early trade, on the back of losses in the US unit against major ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) and private infrastructure development firm, IL&FS, have jointly taken the ...
India raised Rs 15,000 crore ($3.14 billion) by selling four bonds maturing between 2016 and 2035 at an auction, the central bank ...
The number of debit card transactions increased by 48 per cent in financial year 2009, compared to an increase of 12.7 per cent ...
As part of its initiative to make banking services available to the poor, the Orissa government has decided to launch an ...
'Gross non-performing assets to touch 4.3 per cent by March 11'.
If the new government at the Centre is unable to draw fiscal policies and push ahead with reforms, it will exert pressure on the ...
The clauses on corporate debt restructuring (CDR) are being reworked in view of the huge foreign exchange exposure of several ...
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation (DHFL) is planning to issue non-convertible debentures (NCDs) worth up to Rs 1,000 crore in ...
Troubled financial services firm Citigroup, which was bailed out by the US government last year, has ruled out selling its stakes ...
Around 800,000 employees of public sector banks are planning to strike work on June 12.
The strike has been called by the United ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) has donated a food distribution vehicle to the Akshaya Patra Foundation, a Bangalore-based ...
Public sector Corporation Bank has proposed to issue upper Tier-II bonds for Rs 500 crore on private placement basis.
Karur-based Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) has reported a net profit of 18 per cent to Rs 83.82 crore during the quarter ended March 31, ...
The Indian rupee depreciated 36 paise against the $ in early trade today on anticipation of capital outflows as the stock markets ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank is planning to raise around Rs 1,000 crore in the current financial year and is also aiming ...
At a time when some life insurers are planning to list on Indian bourses, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ...
Kolkata-based state-owned lender Uco Bank has put on hold its plans for a follow-on-public issue (FPO) to raise around Rs ...
A high level committee of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed dissatisfaction over the “poor” participation ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender, Corporation Bank, has signed agreements with Prizm Payments Services Pvt Ltd and MRL Posnet ...
With international sources of long-term funds turning into a trickle, Indian companies are increasingly tapping export credit ...
Share Microfin, a regulated microfinance institution, is looking to raise close to Rs 250 crore through the private equity route. ...
Private players say their cost of funds has to come down first.
After extending its presence to the major cities of the state, Cryobanks International India, an umbilical cord blood stem cell ...
Umbilical cord blood stem cell bank Cryobanks International India is eyeing a growth of 70 per cent in terms of customer base ...
The number of "problem" banks in the US shot has up to 305 in the first quarter of this year, the most in 15 years, ...
Employees of state-owned banks have threatened to go on a one-day nationwide strike on June 12, to press their demands including ...
Public sector Bank of Maharashtra today said it is planning to open about 100 branches across the country, of which 12 branches ...
Public sector lender Dena Bank raised Rs 125 crore through Tier-I capital funds as perpetual bonds.
The bank intends to use the ...
Public sector Corporation Bank is aiming for a credit and deposit growth of 22-25 per cent in FY 10 and also plans to raise ...
Private sector Dhanalakshmi Bank today said that it has launched a special home loan product, Privilege Home Loan, targeted at ...
Troubled financial services firm Citigroup, which was bailed out by the US government last year, has ruled out selling its stakes ...
A high level committee of RBI has expressed dissatisfaction over the "poor" participation of private banks for ...
The Indian rupee today soared by 41 paise against the dollar on anticipation of heavy foreign capital inflows as stock market may ...
The drop in the London interbank offered rate, the benchmark for $360 trillion of financial products, to a record low masks a ...
The global financial crisis seems to have changed the way multinational companies operating in the country engage with Indian ...
Two leading banks, State Bank of India and HDFC Bank, have sought permission from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to buy gold ...
The study group constituted by the State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) in Orissa has suggested development of appropriate ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company, a part of Dutch financial giant ING Group, is hiring over 3,000 advisers (agents) every month ...
Public sector Bank of Baroda (BoB) on Tuesday said its consolidated net profit for the financial year ended March 31, 2009 jumped ...
LIC Housing Finance (LIC HF), the home finance subsidiary of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), plans to raise additional ...
Karnataka Bank, the Mangalore-based private sector lender, plans to seek shareholders’ nod to raise up to Rs 500 crore ...
The issue price of Bhavishya Nirman bonds from the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) may rise to more ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 246 crore for development projects in seven ...
India’s policies for the software sector and China’s promotion of special economic zones (SEZs) for the manufacturing ...
What types of insurance do you have - Health, Home, Car and maybe a few more?
If you think you’ve got as much coverage as ...
ICICI Bank today announced an association with mChek, a leading mobile service provider, to facilitate mChek services to all ...
ICICI Bank today entered into a tie up with leading mobile payment solutions provider, mChek to issue electronic cards to ...
The Indian rupee depreciated 24 paise to 47.52/53 a $ in the early trade today on sustained demand from importers for the ...
The Indian rupee weakened 16 paise against the $ in early trade today on capital outflow by foreign funds in anticipation that ...
South Africa’s rand snapped a five-day rally as some investors said they were concerned a proposed merger of the biggest ...
The move will lead to transparency and help aged people seeking covers get to know the reasons why they have been refused a ...
During the quarter, total income rose 35 per cent to Rs 641.8 crore as it earned an interest of Rs 498 crore, up 19 per cent. ...
Fullerton India Credit Company (FICC), the non-banking finance subsidiary of Singapore-based Temaesk, may need additional ...
The Orissa government has revised the interest rate on crop loans provided by the cooperative sector from the existing 5 per cent ...
The public sector Andhra Bank targets a business growth of 30 percent in Orissa during the current fiscal.
In order to cater to Indian emigrant population, Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country’s third largest bank, is planning ...
As part of its effort to increase the share of retail advances in its loan book, Hyderabad-based Andhra Bank is planning to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday instructed state and central co-operative banks to desist from financing the commercial ...
State-run Bank of Baroda (BoB) today reduced interest rates on its various maturity deposits by 25-75 basis points.
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it will not lower its interest rates, which are already lower than other banks, ...
Private sector lender Karnataka Bank today said its net profit for the quarter ended March 31, rose by 2.92 per cent to Rs 83.14 ...
The country's second largest PSU lender, Punjab National Bank, today said it is planning to open five overseas offices in the ...
As the recession-hit US economy is groping in the dark over uncertain financial position, India has increased its exposure to ...
Private sector Dhanalakshmi Bank plans to float a venture fund with a corpus of Rs 2,000 crore and will set up a wholly-owned ...
Bank of India (BoI) is looking at acquisition in Kenya to increase its presence in the East African nation.
It plans to buy a ...
Banks and financial institutions should redraw their credit risk management techniques and put in place an effective mechanism, ...
Home buyers from low-income group to benefit from deal.
Taking health insurance is part of going abroad, but watch when you choose to make small claims.
Banks negotiating to reclaim stock warrants they granted in return for Troubled Asset Relief Programme (Tarp) money may ...
The country’s largest bank SBI, under its Gold Deposit Scheme, has collected 548 kilograms of the precious metal in two ...
The Gold Deposit Scheme of SBI has attracted 548 kilograms of precious yellow metal deposits in a short span of two months in ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has recorded an impressive growth of 24 per cent in its total business in Kerala during the previous ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined $1.73 billion to $254.21 billion during the week ended May 15, 2009, mainly due ...
The rupee recorded its biggest weekly advance in 13 years on optimism that the new UPA government with revive disinvestment and ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said another stimulus package could help the economy in the short-term but ...
The banks operating in Orissa restructured 62,799 loan accounts of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) during 2008-09 ...
India's foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.734 billion to $254.207 billion for the week ended May 15 from $255.941 billion ...
UTI Mutual Fund has merged two funds to introduce UTI Top 100 Fund which aims to provide long-term capital gains by investing in ...
Banking behemoth Citigroup is looking at ways to cut down on technology costs and save over $1 billion this year by integrating ...
The lender had a net profit of Rs 102.86 crore in the March quarter of FY08, Federal Bank said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
The National Cooperative Union of India has expressed concerns over RBI's move to put cooperative sector lending institutions ...
The Indian rupee continued its upward march for the sixth consecutive day and breached the crucial 47-level against the US ...
Extending its gains for the sixth straight session, the Indian rupee today appreciated by 18 paise against the dollar in early ...
The Bhubaneswar zonal office of UCO Bank targets Rs 4,885 crore business in 2009-10 representing a growth of 25 per cent over the ...
Eyeing 20 per cent growth in loan assets, Export-Import Bank of India today said that it planned to borrow Rs 20,000 crore in the ...
Although the London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor) for three-month dollar loans touched a historic low of 66 basis points today, ...
Eight months earlier, it was vibrant business for Dream Finance, a Mumbai-based direct selling agent (DSA) which specialised in ...
The Lead Bank Scheme, which was introduced around four decades ago, aims at facilitating credit delivery to far-fetched areas of ...
Tells the central bank that it should continue to make the appointments.
India's Religare Enterprises and Australian Macquarie Group, in race for buying global insurer AIG's asset management unit, face ...
A high level RBI committee has favored that lead banking scheme should be continued to accelerate financial inclusion in the ...
The Non-Banking Financial Companies clocked higher profits in 2008-09 as compared to those of commercial banks reeling under ...
Eyeing 20 per cent growth in loan assets, Export-Import Bank of India today said that it plans to borrow Rs 20,000 crore in the ...
Rating agency Fitch today downgraded Banglaore-based ING Vysya Bank's national long-term rating to ‘AA’ from ...
A host of global fund managers are rushing to make the most out of emerging markets, with seven out of every 10 fund managers ...
ICICI Prudential AMC today said its Target Returns Fund has collected over Rs 800 crore during its new fund offer (NFO) period ...
The Indian rupee today improved further by 12 paise to 47.35 against the US currency in morning trade as dollar weakened against ...
Credit off-take remained subdued at Rs 5,882 crore during the fortnight ended May 8, 2009, as bank customers kept borrowing plans ...
If trends over the past few weeks are anything to go by, banks are slowly shedding their aversion to financing new projects and ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the second largest public sector lender, has posted a 45.11 per cent jump in its fourth quarter net ...
Public sector banks do far better than private ones.
Bajaj Finserv, the non-banking finance company from the Bajaj stable, reported a net profit of Rs 71 crore in the last financial ...
Bank of India (BoI) is planning to buy back part of $240-million upper Tier-II bonds to save on servicing debt capital.
Public sector general insurance companies are aiming at a more than 10 per cent reduction in the claims ratio for health ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country's second-largest public sector lender, today reported a 59 per cent jump in its fourth ...
In what would augur well for the industry facing slowdown, the Finance Ministry today expressed hope that banks will bring down ...
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it will divest a 26 per cent stake in its housing finance arm.
Axis Bank, India’s third-largest private sector bank, today entered into a strategic alliance with Motilal Oswal Securities ...
IDFC Mutual Fund and Bank of India have entered into a strategic alliance to distribute and market mutual fund products of IDFC ...
The Indian rupee today tumbled by four paise to 47.82 against the US $ on expectations of capital outflows by foreign funds as ...
Sees huge potential as there are over 1,700 urban co-operative banks.
Indian customers shopped online more frequently in the fourth quarter of 2008 than in the same period the previous year, despite ...
Foreign institutional investors (FII) have dumped the debt market to make the most out of the rising equity market, which is ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley applied to refund a combined $45 billion of government funds, ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Limited (ING Life), part of the ING Group, a financial services company, today announced its ...
Around Rs 55,000 crore will be invested in NCDs and the remaining Rs 50,000 crore in the stock market, senior LIC executives told ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao said that banks must pass on the benefit of lower costs from technology-based ...
Public sector lender Indian Bank today said its net profit for the March quarter jumped 63 per cent to Rs 394.08 crore compared ...
The cost of borrowing in dollars between banks had its biggest two-day drop in more than four months amid confidence record low ...
Tata Capital Housing Finance Limited (TCHFL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Capital, has been registered with the National ...
The Bank of England expanded its bonus pool and took on the most staff in more than two decades as the financial crisis stressed ...
State Bank of India is negotiating with other commercial banks to share the onus of giving guarantees to Tata Motors’ Rs ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), has reduced the fee paid by the non-life insurance companies to ...
Public-sector lender Union Bank of India today freezed interest rates for new home loans upto Rs 50-lakh at eight per cent for ...
The Indian rupee appreciated further by 52 paise to 47.36 against the US dollar in morning trade in anticipation of heavy ...
The Indian rupee today opened strong by 41 paise at 47.47 against the US currency, a day after it recorded its highest gain of ...
After a long while, private sector non-life insurers recorded a drop in premium collections in April on account of competitive ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao said banks must pass the benefit of lower costs from technology-based products ...
Only seven out of the 27 state-owned banks could achieve the stipulated target of disbursing 18 per cent of the net bank credit ...
Expectations of further reduction in interest rates saw the yield on 10-year government securities drop to their lowest level in ...
Gains on expectation of large FII inflows, further rise likely.
The developmental support provided by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) to the Orissa government ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), the largest public sector lender, targets a total business of Rs 10,500 crore during the current ...
Battered insurer American International Group (AIG), which has received billions of dollars from the US government is looking to ...
India's foreign direct investment (FDI) dropped in February to $1.4 billion, almost one-fourth of the inflows witnessed in the ...
Mirroring the frenzy in the stock markets, the Indian rupee on Monday appreciated by a whopping 130 paise to trade at ...
A team of experts of leading Australian financial firm Westpac is reportedly in India to discuss their future offshoring plans ...
Bank chief executives will be replaced in the next couple of months as the US scrutinises financially troubled lenders, Federal ...
The landmark judgment by the Supreme Court to award Rs 1 crore to a patient for medical negligence is likely to push up medical ...
Lloyds Banking Group Chairman Victor Blank is likely to step down from his position amid mounting pressure from shareholders ...
It was a stunning victory for Congress in the national capital which crushed BJP by polling 20 per cent votes more than its main ...
Cooperative banks in Haryana are not able to meet their lending targets due to the liquidity crunch.
Many farmers have stopped ...
The country’s third-largest public sector lender, Bank of Baroda (BoB), today said its life insurance venture with UK-based ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Limited, a part of Dutch financial giant ING Group, has reported a 24 increase in premium income ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves went up by $4.24 billion to $255.94 billion during the week ended May 15, 2009, mainly ...
Andhra Bank, which has crossed a business volume of Rs 1,00.000 crore in India by the end of March this year, has set up five new ...
Following the lead of State Bank of India, private sector lender ICICI Bank and public sector lender IDBI Bank have cut deposit ...
Following the lead of State Bank of India, private sector lender ICICI Bank and public sector lender IDBI Bank have cut deposit ...
Financial services major Bank of America (BofA), which is to boost its capital by as much as $34 billion, has been pressured by ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) today said it has halted distribution of the New Pension System to employees other than ...
The Reserve Bank of India has imposed a monetary penalty of Rs 1 lakh on The CKP Co-operative Bank, Mumbai, for violation of the ...
British banking entity Barclays, which has refused to take funds from the government, is in discussions to sell its asset ...
Deposits, below Rs 15-lakh, having a maturity of 1 year-2 years will now carry a rate of 7.5 per cent as against 8 per cent ...
Around nine lakh bank employees will go on strike from June 12 in support of their demand for wage revision.
The Indian rupee today rose by 15 paise against the US currency in early trade on expectations of capital inflows by foreign ...
The cost of borrowing in dollars for three months between banks dropped the most in eight weeks as government and central bank ...
There are winds of change in the life insurance industry, which is grappling with falling sales.
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) registered a whopping 145.24 per cent growth in profit to Rs 137.31 crore during ...
Asset reconstruction companies' bids less than expected.
Former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, saying nine US banks were “central to any solution” of the credit crisis, ...
For the second time in one and a half months, India’s third largest bank lender, private sector Axis Bank, has reduced its ...
Credit Information Bureau India Ltd (Cibil) and TransUnion on Thursday launched a ‘personal loan score’ to enable ...
Protesting PFRDA’s decision to reduce allocation of pension funds to it under NPS for organised sector from 55 per cent to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today corrected some figures in the quarterly and annual financial results announced last Saturday.
For the first time in nearly two weeks, the rupee breached the 50-mark against the US dollar on concerns that foreign ...
A Reserve Bank-conducted survey today lowered India's growth rate projection to 7.5 per cent per annum for the next 10 years, ...
Aims to improve liquidity in G-sec market.
Barclays Plc, the UK’s third- biggest bank, is in talks to sell its asset management unit to potential buyers, including ...
The Karnataka government today asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to initiate steps to increase Credit Deposit Ratio (CDR) to ...
Finance executives in Asia and Australia are the most optimistic in their outlook for their economies and expect the region to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has identified Karnataka to launch a pilot project on financial literacy programme as part of its ...
The Reserve Bank of India has room to cut benchmark interest rates further to boost economic growth, former Governor Bimal Jalan ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Limited, a part of Dutch financial giant ING Group, has reported that its total premium income ...
Pins hope on good crop prospects, rural demands.
A Reserve Bank-conducted survey today lowered India's growth rate projection to 7.5 per cent per annum for the next 10 years, ...
With this, deposits below Rs 15 lakh, having 15 days-45 days, and 46 days to 90 days maturities, will now attract rates of 4.5 ...
Axis Bank, the country's third-largest private sector lender, has reduced its benchmark prime leading rate (PLR) by 50 basis ...
The government bailed out Bank of America may be scrambling to raise billions of dollars in additional capital but the financial ...
The Indian rupee today plunged by 22 paise to 49.92 against the US currency in early trade on expectations of capital outflows by ...
Union Bank of India would open 500 branches this fiscal across India apart from a representative office in Sydney by September, ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said there was still scope for banks to reduce lending rates further.
The country’s borrowing costs rose at an auction of 91-day bills and fell at a sale of 182-day debt, central bank data ...
Cholamandalam DBS Finance Ltd on Wednesday said it has received the Madras High Court’s approval for its proposed capital ...
This includes system for opening up of accounts, issue of TDS certificates, interest certificates for housing loans and ECS ...
The issuance of commercial papers (CPs) has shot up in the past few months with many big companies tapping mutual funds (MFs), ...
After reporting low numbers in new business premium, life insurance companies are resorting to special initiatives to increase ...
Chennai-based commercial vehicle financier Shriram Transport Finance Company will raise Rs 1,000 crore through a secured, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) stepped up the sale of foreign currency in March to check a steep depreciation of the rupee.
Third cut in 45 days aimed at improving net interest margin.
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Limited, a part of Dutch financial giant ING Group, has reported that its total premium income ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has hiked its stake to 9.18 per cent in public sector lender Union Bank of India (UBI) ...
The insurance sector is likely to grow by 200 per cent to touch the figure of Rs 2,00,000 crore in the next two years, industry ...
This is the second time in this month that SBI is cutting its deposit rates.
Earlier this month, the lender had cut interest ...
Chennai-based commercial vehicle financier Shriram Transport Finance Company Ltd is planning to set up a subsidiary for equipment ...
India's second largest lender, ICICI Bank has entered into an agreement with Visa to issue debit cards in US.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has advised banks to minimise the number of nostro accounts to have better control over ...
Rupee strengthened on optimism a rally in local stocks will encourage overseas funds to step up purchases of local assets.
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Ltd, a part of Dutch financial giant ING Group, on Tuesday announced that it reported net loss ...
Nearly three million credit card were removed from circulation during 2008-09, data released by Reserve Bank of India reveals.
With security of money at a premium during the global financial meltdown, overseas Indians seem to have reposed faith in the ...
Sudhir Garg assumed charge as chief general manager of State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH). He joined State Bank of Patiala as ...
State Bank of Patiala plans to open 40 new branches in the current financial year.
By placing rigid norms for life insurance companies which wish to act as points of presence (PoPs) under the New Pension Scheme ...
As part of wage settlement, new recruits will be asked to shift to the New Pension Scheme.
The bank’s total income was 20.14 per cent higher at Rs 2,237.67 crore during the fourth quarter of 2008-09, compared with ...
Majority of businessmen go for public sector banks for their loan requirements, barring home loans, as they find private lenders ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said its consolidated net profit for the fourth quarter of 2008-09 declined by ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 18 paise at 49.68 against the US currency on expectations of capital outflows by foreign ...
Asserting that it is “well-positioned” to tide over the economic uncertainty, European banking major HSBC Holdings ...
Expects robust growth in India.
Reliance Life Insurance, the insurance arm of Reliance Capital, reduced the number of agents by almost a third in the second half ...
Munich Re, the world’s biggest reinsurer, said premiums will increase this year as primary insurers hurt by the financial ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender, Canara Bank has set a target of achieving 23 per cent growth in its total business at Rs ...
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation Ltd (DHFL) reported a 34.62 per cent growth in net interest income to Rs 42.46 crore for the ...
Wants insurers to have at least two agencies for settlement of health claims.
The decrease is attributed to depositors shifting a part of their balances from current and savings bank accounts (Casa) to term ...
Citigroup's Vikram Pandit may have been named among worst CEOs ever in America, but in terms of financial performance for the ...
Global financial services firm ING believes there is room for further softening of short term lending and borrowing rates.
To improve monitoring of accounts that are opened by a bank with an overseas bank in the currency of the foreign country, the ...
As the world continues to reel under the financial turmoil that started with risky subprime lending, a new study has found that ...
The Standard Chartered Private Bank plans to hire 100 relationship managers globally within the next 12 months, to further ...
Citigroup's Vikram Pandit may have been named among worst CEOs ever in America, but in terms of financial performance for the ...
Kolkata-based LSI Financial Services has obtained Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) licence for merchant banking ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has directed insurance behemoth Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of ...
Bulk deal transactions involve transfer of more than 0.5 per cent of the number of equity shares of any listed company.
The ...
The finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to examine ...
The country's top private sector financial institution, ICICI Bank, has said it is no hurry to bring out IPOs of its ...
Insurance regulator IRDA has asked Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to chalk-out a plan to reduce its stake in those companies ...
ICICI Bank has said it will prefer organic growth over expansion through overseas acquisitions, as many hidden liabilities could ...
State Bank of India has treated the loan given to Ratnagiri Gas and Power (earlier called Dabhol Power Company) as a non ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, today said its net profit rose 45.6 per cent to Rs 2,742.31 crore during ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) has posted a 84.3 per cent drop in its net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 2009 at Rs 2.93 ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest bank, may review interest rates on deposits by May-end.
Andhra Bank reported a 61.93 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 201.21 crore for the quarter ended March 2009 compared with Rs ...
Foreign lender Barclays Bank has seen a significant rise in impairments in the unsecured lending and cards portfolio in India for ...
Public sector UCO Bank has posted a 19 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 102.56 crore during the fourth quarter of the last ...
Singapore-based lender DBS Bank today sold off its entire stake in HDFC Bank, while Deutsche Securities Mauritius picked up 3.78 ...
The country's foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.39 billion (about Rs 6,900 crore) in the week ended May 1 to $251.70 ...
State Bank of India, the country's largest bank, may review interest rates on deposits by May-end.
With the US government asking Citigroup to raise $ 5.5 billion additional capital, the banking major has said it would not need ...
The US Federal government has directed the country's 10 leading banks to boost their capital by $75 billion, following the ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) today said it has extended a $30-million line of credit (LOC) to Mozambique to ...
Ignores Irda directive capping holdings at 10%.
The corporate bond market has witnessed a sharp surge in trading volumes.
Data from the Securities and Exchange Board of India ...
iFAST Financial India Pvt Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Singapore-based iFAST India Investments Pte Ltd, today launched its ...
Foreign exchange risk is a major concern for corporate treasurers globally.
According to JP Morgan Global Cash Management survey, ...
Max New York Life Insurance, the private insurance company, plans to launch 2 to 3 new insurance products soon.
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the second largest public sector bank in the country has proposed to set up a Farmers’ Training ...
Corporation Bank on Wednesday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Karnataka State Organic Farming Mission (KSOFM) ...
Union Bank of India’s net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 2009 declined by 10.56 per cent to Rs 466 crore from Rs ...
The cost of protecting corporate bonds from default fell to the lowest since the collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc on ...
With the stock markets in positive territory since morning, the rupee opened stronger against the US dollar at 49.30, as against ...
The current meltdown, which made companies rework their marketing strategies in the boardroom, has prompted private life insurer ...
Federal regulators on Thursday unveil what Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said will be a “reassuring” picture of ...
Kerala-based Dhanalakshmi Bank plans to raise Rs 400 crore, through Tier-II bonds in 2009-10, to support its asset growth.
Will implement $80-billion plan to buy bonds.
US banks need to overhaul policies ranging from employee compensation to risk management, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has extended its norms for the valuation of loans before and after restructuring to financial ...
British banking entity Barclays Plc has reported a 15 per cent jump in first quarter profits at 1.37 billion pounds even as the ...
State-run Union Bank of India, in joint venture with Belgium-based company, plans to enter the mutual funds business by December ...
Slashing the key rates for the seventh time in as many months, the European Central Bank (ECB) today reduced the interest rate to ...
Forex and money transfer firm Wall Street Finance today said it will open atleast 25 new branches in the current financial year.
Unfazed by the global economic meltdown, the country's third-largest public sector lender, Bank of Baroda (BoB), is planning to ...
Top private sector lender ICICI Bank has exuded confidence that it will return to profitability growth this fiscal, for which it ...
Union Bank of India has reported a 10.77 per cent decline in its net profit to Rs 465 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 24 paise against the $ in early trade today on increased capital inflows by foreign funds in the ...
The international body of capital market regulators, of which the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) too is an active ...
The rupee weakened for the first time in four days on concern that a slide in the equity markets will reduce investor appetite ...
Banks worldwide may be asked to raise minimum capital reserves by several percentage points to help them weather the next ...
Entrepreneurs in smaller cities have to depend on money lenders as they are not getting adequate credit from banks, industry body ...
Regulators have determined that Bank of America Corp requires about $34 billion in new capital, the largest need among the 19 ...
But bankers term decrease as aberration at end of every fiscal.
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector bank, has scaled down its overseas operations, especially in the United ...
India’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) has entered into an agreement with telecom firm Tata Communications Ltd ...
For December, there were 10 trading paydays bigger than $100 million, the New York-based firm said on Wednesday in a filing with ...
Two consumer-centric proposals for buyers of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) and health insurance policies, which were to be ...
Corporation Bank today signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Karnataka State Organic Farming Mission (KSOFM) for the ...
At a recent summit in India, MasterCard Worldwide found that a key issue plaguing the credit card industry was inactive cards.
It ...
The US regulators have asked financial services major Bank of America (BofA) to initiate steps to plug nearly $35 billion ...
Global banking major, Barclays today announced the launch of 'Easy Cash Management Solution' in India, a service that would ...
Top private lender ICICI Bank plans to open nearly 600 branches this year, but will not hire as part of the current workforce ...
Reserve Bank of India today mopped up Rs 1,44,913 crore from banks through reverse repo window, reflecting ample liquidity in the ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 25 paise against the US $ in early trade today on expectations of capital outflow of funds from ...
Saraswat Co-operative Bank is eyeing Vadodara-based Anyonya Co-operative Bank Ltd (ACBL) for an acquisition, a top bank official ...
The London interbank offered rate (Libor) that banks charge for three-month dollar loans fell below 1 per cent for the first time ...
Intel Capital, the venture capital (VC) arm of technology giant Intel, feels that an initial public offering (IPO) is the best ...
Companies which entered the life insurance business after state-run Life Insurance Corporation lost its monopoly are yet to find ...
Helped by improved interest margins and healthy growth in fee-based income, the Hinduja Group-promoted IndusInd Bank On Tuesday ...
With abundant cash in the system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to dispense with two daily liquidity adjustment ...
Allahabad Bank has posted a 55.80 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 264.09 crore for the fourth quarter of the last fiscal, ...
The rising flow of overseas portfolio investment in the stock markets and offloading of the greenback by exporters made the ...
Banks yet to come out of the high rate regime.
Standard Chartered Plc, the UK bank that gains almost all its profit from emerging markets, said it made a “strong ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender, Corporation Bank has reduced its interest rates on housing, vehicle, education and personal ...
A group of banks including the State Bank of India (SBI) and the State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) have come forward to implement ...
Stocks of Indian companies that have issued foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs), which are currently trading at huge ...
Jammu and Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) today slashed its prime lending rate (PLR) by 175 basis points from 14.5 per cent to 12.75 ...
With abundant cash in the system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to dispense with two daily liquidity adjustment ...
With the reduction, one year to less than five year maturity and 5 years and above maturity deposits of BoI will now offer a rate ...
Swiss banking major UBS has posted a first quarter loss of 2 billion Swiss francs (about $1.77 billion) and has warned of ...
Singapore-based rating agency, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services said today that it had placed its 'A-1' short-term issue ...
IDBI bank today said its 11.50 per cent IDBI SLR Bonds 2009
is repayable at par on June 13, 2009. Investors holding the ...
In a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) today Development Credit Bank (DCB) has informed that Murali Natarajan has been ...
Global lender, Citibank today announced the launch of preferred rupee checking account, a product aimed at its NRI clients.
The Indian rupee appreciated by 31 paise against the $ in early trade today due to increased capital inflows by funds on ...
Rajesh Saxena recently moved from Citibank in Japan to become the chief executive of American Express Banking Corp, India.
Saxena ...
Public sector Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has reported a 5.37 per cent increase in net profit for the quarter ended March 2009 at ...
Allahabad Bank On Monday said its net profit rose 55.80 per cent to Rs 264.09 during the fourth quarter of 2008-09, as against Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to review their existing policies for lending to micro and small enterprises ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), the country’s largest mortgage player, On monday said its profit before ...
Having got the regulatory clearance to offer add-on insurance policies, non-life insurers are now preparing to launch the same in ...
Bonds dropped by the most in more than a month on speculation some investors are cutting their holdings with a view to reinvest ...
Berkshire Hathaway Chairman Warren Buffett lambasted bankers, insurers and regulators for being blind to the possibility home ...
Around six months before his term ends, Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan will be moving out of Mint Road to ...
While credit conditions continue to be tight in the US and European markets, banks are utilising the excess cash to upgrade their ...
Public sector general insurer United India Insurance has reported a 24 per cent decline in net profit for 2008-09 at Rs 476.05 ...
Banking majors Citigroup and Bank of America (BofA) are working on plans to raise more than $10 billion each in fresh capital to ...
RBI Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan, who was in the race for the top slot in the central bank, has resigned to take up an assignment ...
Beleaguered insurance firm American International Group (AIG) is close to selling its Japanese headquarters for about $1 billion, ...
The state-run lender had a net profit of Rs 305.95 crore in the March quarter of FY'08, IOB said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 44 paise against the US currency in opening trade on fresh capital inflows by funds as ...
Bank of Baroda has pipped Canara Bank in terms of net profit and total business for FY09 to become the third largest public ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is in talks with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to introduce foreign currency ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has pipped Canara Bank in terms of net profit and total business for fiscal 2008-09 to become third-largest ...
Playing down the issues of foreign investment in banks and exit of her two top-level colleagues, Chanda Kochhar today said she ...
Thane Janata Sahkari Bank (TJSB), the leading urban cooperative bank in Maharashtra, plans to form a subsidiary to provide IT ...
Card protection through insurance is a good idea, but stringent guidelines make it quite unattractive.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc Chairman Warren Buffett dismissed the importance of the government’s stress tests of major US ...
The industry has been hit by the economic slowdown as companies have deferred their expansion plans, thereby hitting the fire and ...
Taking benefit of the abundant liquidity, State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, has reduced the interest rate on ...
Regulators seized banks in Georgia, New Jersey and Utah yesterday, boosting the tally of failed lenders in the US this year to 32 ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender, Corporation Bank proposes to raise Rs 500 crore to augment its Upper Tier-II capital by ...
The Asian Development Bank said today it will establish a three-billion-dollar fund to boost developing member countries' fiscal ...
With this, one-year to less than two-year deposits will now attract a rate of 7.5 per cent as against 7.75 per cent earlier, SBI ...
US bank Citigroup may need to raise up to $10 billion in new capital as the government of President Barack Obama continues talks ...
The Federal Reserve is postponing the release of stress tests on the biggest US banks while executives debate preliminary ...
From today, Indians will have access to another investment avenue to plan for retirement in the New Pension Scheme (NPS). The ...
The country’s foreign exchange reserves increased by $631 million to $253.09 billion during the week ended April 24, mainly ...
Central government employees who joined as a part of the contributory New Pension Scheme (NPS) have earned a weighted average ...
The country’s foreign exchange reserves increased by $631 million to $253.09 billion during the week ended April 24, mainly ...
Punjab National Bank revised interest rates on Foreign Currency Non-Resident deposit schemes for dollar, British pound and euro, ...
Financial services provider Citigroup will be selling its Japanese securities and key investment banking businesses to Sumitomo ...
The World Bank has approved $400 million additional financing loan to the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI), ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC said today that it has sold its half share in a Spanish insurance company to its joint venture ...
Fund managers queued up to grab a pie of the new pension scheme that opens for subscription tomorrow.
But even before the scheme ...
South-based private sector lender Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) has also reduced its BPLR by 25 basis points to 15 per cent.
Mayfield Fund, a Silicon Valley-based venture capital fund focusing on the US, China and India with $2.8 billion assets under ...
Max New York Life Insurance Company is looking at reaching out to the uninsured through kirana shops and is currently ...
Faced with battered fortunes, irate shareholders of Bank of America (BofA) voted to oust the banking major's Chairman Kenneth D ...
Nearly half of credit and debit cards in India were inactive, possibly due to insufficient resources in bank accounts and a ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) board has agreed to triple its capital base to $165 billion  To cope with the financial ...
The country's second-largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank, today slashed benchmark lending rate by 50 basis points ...
Even as most companies in India and abroad are busy laying off staff to cut costs and beat recession, Kerala-based Dhanalakshmi ...
Let’s start by examining the facts disclosed last week in a letter by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, while taking ...
Though the cost of acquiring new customers is low, net credit losses are high.
For the first time since the sector was opened up, the life insurance industry has suffered a drop in premium from new business.
A week after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cut key policy rates, Citibank today said it will lower its prime lending rate (PLR) ...
This is irrespective of the new tariff plan submitted by the company to the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC).
The Supreme Court On Wednesday refused to give immediate relief to investment banker Nimesh Kampani, who sought anticipatory bail ...
After getting the go-ahead from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), IDBI Bank is all set to apply to the Securities and Exchange ...
The rupee advanced for the first time this week, rising 0.9 per cent to 50.095 per dollar, after latest data showed equity ...
Reductions in PLR moderate interest income.
Paving the way for the New Pension Scheme (NPS) from this Friday, the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) ...
At least six of the 19 largest US banks require additional capital, according to preliminary results of government stress tests, ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s second-largest lender, is not looking to expand its balance sheet for the second year in a row ...
LIC Housing Finance Limited, a subsidiary of the public sector, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)is targetting to provide ...
At a time when bailed out firms are trying hard to come to terms with government-imposed pay restrictions, Citigroup is seeking ...
After opening its first overseas branch last month, state-run Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) is planning to expand its global ...
Max New York Life Insurance Company (MNYL) is looking at reaching uninsured population through unorganised Kirana shops.
The ...
Foreign lender Citibank today cut its benchmark lending rate by 25 basis points to 14.75%, a week after the RBI reduced ...
The Indian rupee today hardened by 31 paise at 50.20 against the greenback on account of fresh capital inflows by funds amid a ...
Betting big on the fast-growing microfinance sector, leading private and foreign banks are all set to scale up their MFI ...
Milan’s financial police seized ¤476 million ($620 million) of assets belonging to UBS AG, Deutsche Bank AG, ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), On Tuesday said that it has lowered interest rates on education ...
The Bajaj Group of companies, India’s largest manufacturer of two- and three-wheeler vehicles, is planning to expand its ...
Banks have lent Rs 8,500-9,000 crore to the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in the last few months as a part of the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest insurer, is banking on traditional policies to recover ...
The 10-year bond yields held at a one-week high on speculation rising government debt sales will damp demand for the securities. ...
But, Central Bank posts 51% decline in profit.
Rating agency Crisil has reported 16.5 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 35.46 crore during the January-March quarter amid rise ...
Over the same period, the non-banking finance company’s total income increased 23 per cent to Rs 954.53 crore from Rs ...
With the Indian film industry running into rough weather due to the economic downturn, IDBI Bank and Exim Bank – two of the ...
Max New York Life Insurance is looking to introduce universal life insurance policies in India.
Kolkata-based residuary non-banking finance firm, Peerless General Finance and Investment Co, will launch its own mutual fund ...
IDBI Bank has reduced interest rates on its retail term deposits by 25-50 basis points in different maturity buckets.
The company had a net profit of Rs 152.92 crore for the same quarter ended March 2008, IDFC said in a filing to the Bombay Stock ...
The bank has bagged Best Retail Bank in India award for the third year in a row based on robust core funding, superior financial ...
Providing relief to exporters hit by shrinking global demand, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today extended the concessional ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, today said that it has lowered interest rates on education loans by up ...
Public sector lender Vijaya Bank today said its net profit surged five fold to Rs 102.25 crore in the fourth quarter ended March ...
Private sector banks like ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Vysya Bank may be kept outside the purview of the new FDI guidelines, with ...
The country's second-largest public sector lender, Punjab National Bank, today said it may reduce its lending and deposit rates ...
The country's largest private lender, ICICI Bank, whose ownership status may alter because of the new FDI guidelines, today said ...
Backed by an improvement in interest margins, State-run Bank of Baroda has posted a 172.3 per cent rise in its fourth quarter net ...
Driven by India and China, the emerging Asian economies no longer witness a slump, UK financial services major Barclays said ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank has reported a 63.06 per cent increase in its fourth quarter net profit at Rs 394.07 crore as against ...
The merger of the two Kerala-based private sector banks, Federal Bank and Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB), has now entered the final ...
US banks that received results of their federal stress tests last week were given three options if they need additional capital ...
The Bombay High Court on Monday struck down the circular issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) withdrawing pension updation ...
RBI asks entities to comply in three months.
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) lowering the growth estimate for the economy to 6 per cent, non-life insurance companies ...
Karnataka Bank, the Mangalore-based private sector lender, is restructuring its loans worth Rs 300-350 crore that is under
Warning that the worst may not be over yet, Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao has said the global economic recession may not only ...
Targeting the Rs 35,000-crore pension plan market, IDBI Fortis Life Insurance today announced the launch of its Retiresurance ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 18 paise to 49.98 against the US currency in early trade on increased month-end dollar ...
Citigroup Inc., rescued by three U.S. government bailouts, may sell its Japanese retail brokerage to Sumitomo Mitsui Financial ...
Karnataka Bank, the Mangalore-based private sector lender, is restructuring its loans worth Rs 300-350 crore that is under
Although lending is picking up, risk aversion is still showing with non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) seeking higher ...
To save on interest cost, the Government is likely to release in a couple of months Rs 5,000 crore to banks as reimbursement for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will soon come out with guidelines permitting banks and qualified non-banking entities to issue ...
India's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), is planning to slash lending rates for education loans by 0.25 per cent as ...
Following weeks of speculation, India’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, today unveiled its new management team ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s second largest bank, today said that its consolidated net profit rose 17.66 per cent to Rs 748.44 ...
“I am not sure whether we will increase it (headcount) this year,” HSBC Holdings Group Chairman Stephen K Green said ...
Bank credit witnessed a moderate growth of Rs 1,429 crore in the first fortnight of the current financial year as banks were busy ...
Failed attempt to acquire stake in Kolhapur-based bank seen as trigger.
PNB Gilts, a subsidiary of Punjab National Bank, today announced that its net loss has widened to Rs 51.55 crore in the fourth ...
Public sector lender Corporation Bank today reported a 26.7 per cent increase in its fourth quarter net profit to Rs 260.49 crore ...
IDBI Bank has posted a 28 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 313.4 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2009, as ...
SBI's largest subsidiary State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur today said it aims to clock business growth of 65 per cent in the ...
Japanese financial services major Nomura Holdings today saw its net loss widen to 709 billion yen (about $7.22 billion) for the ...
The Indian rupee today eased by five paise against the American currency to 49.97/98 in morning trade on the back of mild demand ...
Extending its gains for the third straight day, the Indian rupee today appreciated by seven paise to 49.85 against the US ...
Wants one-time settlement from UP Financial Corporation.
Refraining from directly appointing statutory auditors, insurance regulator Irda has retained the practice of prescribing ...
The momentum may be slowing but that’s the right approach in a challenging credit environment.
European banking major, BNP Paribas, said today that it would take a decision on the integration of Fortis’ Indian ...
The Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) has asked all banks to take a clearance from the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) ...
Citigroup’s India-born chief Vikram Pandit has found a place among the 20 worst-ever CEOs in American history, but the top ...
But, banks well-positioned to absorb shock, says Crisil.
Executives from credit-card issuers, including Bank of America and American Express, are set to meet with President Barack Obama ...
Standard Chartered Bank has started the process to raise around Rs 5,000 crore through an Indian Depository Receipts (IDR) issue ...
State Bank of Travancore, an associate of India's largest public sector lender State Bank of India, today reported a net profit ...
State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur today said its net profit for the year ended March 31, has increased by 28.07 per cent to Rs ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHF), the country’s second-largest housing finance company, has reported a 33.14 per cent increase ...
Buoyed by a rise in fee-based income, the country’s second-largest lender HDFC Bank today reported a 33.91 rise in net ...
The sharp economic downturn and liquidity crunch, especially since October 2008, put enormous strain on the financial health of ...
The slowdown in the economy and aging of loans will deteriorate banks' asset in the next two years, a report from Crisil Rating ...
Future Generali India Life Corporation, the joint venture between Future Group and Generali Group, has launched an insurance ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by nine paise to 50.43 against the US currency in early trade on account of heavy capital ...
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner indicated that stress tests will show most of the 19 biggest US banks have enough capital and ...
NPAs spoil the show.
Shikha Sharma, who is likely to join Axis Bank in August, will have to start the search for at least two top-level executives ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC), a non-banking finance company (NBFC), has revived its plan to enter the ...
Can Fin Homes Ltd, a Canara Bank sponsored housing loan firm, has recorded 4.5 per cent drop in its net profit at Rs 9.4 crore ...
For FY09, the aggregate deposits rose by 20.9 per cent to Rs 32,388 crore and advances went up by 21.4 per cent to Rs 25,880 ...
Denying any political pressure on the RBI to project 6 per cent growth for this fiscal, Governor D Subbarao on Wednesday said it ...
Indian companies with outstanding foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) are likely to see a decline of 17 per cent in their ...
Wipro sees a silver lining in Q1; others say recovery by 2009-end.
Rising delinquencies and non-performing assets (NPAs) in the credit card business are forcing banks to reorient their outlook, ...
The volume in the SF market declined by 18 per cent to Rs 52,000 crore in 2008-09 from Rs 63,700 crore a year ago, according to ...
Millions of lost jobs mean billions in lost tax revenue for the US government, and billions in additional Treasury debt to fund a ...
Outsourcing of automated teller machines (ATMs) is on the rise.
At least two large banks plan to outsource the installation and ...
Debt funds may soon be back in vogue, thanks to yesterday’s rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Experts opined ...
Manufacturing companies have raised their share in the overall issuances of commercial papers (CPs) as they raised short-term ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has advised banks to submit an annual compliance certificate underlining the risk management ...
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services (MMFSL), the wholly-owned subsidiary of automotive giant Mahindra & Mahindra, ...
The company had a net profit of Rs 64.50 crore in the fourth quarter of the last financial year, Yes Bank informed the stock ...
Two of the country’s largest private sector banks — ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank — today reduced their rates, after ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance today appointed Amarnath Ananthanarayanan as its CEO, subject to approval from regulator IRDA.
The Indian rupee appreciated by 13 paise to trade at 50.32 against the US currency in early trade today, snapping a four-day weak ...
Experts believe that the Reserve Bank of India’s decision to increase the limit for premature buy-back of foreign currency ...
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company will groom 10,000 financial advisers in the current fiscal 2010.
Last year too, the ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM), an associate of State Bank of India group, On Tuesday reported a 40.6 per cent decline in net profit ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will set up a “financial stability unit” for drawing upon inter-disciplinary ...
In order to bring regional rural banks (RRBs) within the internationally accepted Basel-I framework, the Reserve Bank of India ...
Axis Bank Director AT Pannir Selvam passed away today evening.
He had a heart attack at the Mumbai airport while he was ...
In order to improve liquidity in trading of government securities, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) proposes to introduce separate ...
Budget housing project in Bangalore may get Rs 200 crore.
RBI governor says banks should increase funding to productive sectors.
Former Axis Bank Chairman and CEO PJ Nayak said managements should look at appointing outsiders only when the organisation is ...
Soon after the RBI reduced policy rates by 25 basis points, the country's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, today ...
In order to bring regional rural banks (RRBs) within the internationally accepted Basel-I framework, Reserve Bank of India (RBI), ...
The worst in the economy is over with data indicating that the situation is improving, State Bank of IndiaChairman O P Bhatt said ...
Noble, the research led Anglo-Indian investment bank specialising in mid- and small-cap companies, today announced that it has ...
The Reserve Bank today described as a "major challenge" the management of the large Government borrowing programme ...
Home loans lender HDFC has no plans to lower its interest rates as of now, its top executive said.
The Reserve Bank today allowed banks to open ATMs outside their branches without permission from the central bank.
The Reserve Bank today said it would deal with the problem of black money being hidden in tax havens by continuously updating its ...
Citigroup chief Vikram Pandit will try to convince investors that the financial services major is on a recovery path, following ...
Industry today said the RBI measures towards lower interest rates will reduce the credit cost, but the central bank should have ...
"The policy stance of RBI indicates further softening of the interest rates," Oriental Bank of Commerce Executive ...
The Reserve Bank of India today fixed the Reference rate for the US currency at Rs 50.36 per dollar and the single European ...
In a move that could bring further relief to the home, auto and corporate borrowers, the Reserve Bank today cut short-term ...
The Reserve Bank today reduced the short-term lending (repo) and borrowing (reverse repo) rates by 25 basis points, a move that ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 27 paise at 50.57 against the US currency in early trade on heavy capital outflows by funds ...
Bank of America Corp, the largest US bank by assets, reported first-quarter profit more than tripled on gains from home ...
Under the relaxed norms, ‘no objection’ by banks can be extended for issue of corporate guarantee in favour of the ...
Bajaj FinServ, the financial services arm of the Bajaj Group company, has said that it would get into the asset management ...
Axis Bank, the country’s third largest private sector lender, today reported a 60.89 per cent rise in net profit during the ...
Manufacturing sector to be hit by slowdown for some more time, it says.
UBS’ Luxembourg unit must transfer the assets it holds for LuxAlpha Sicav-American Selection, a fund that invested with ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) may be so conscious of having handed out bad advice to needy countries in the past that it ...
World Bank has said that it is considering to raise the borrowing limit of individual countries, an issue which was pressed by ...
Citigroup’s credit losses are growing at a “rapid rate,” undermining Chief Executive Officer Vikram ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) report on macroeconomic and monetary development in financial year 2008-09 has noted that the ...
Chairman loses vote 1-8; new managing director to get five-year term.
With foreign banks registering a paltry 4 per cent growth in credit advances for the financial year up to March 27, 2009 and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in its quarterly monetary and macroeconomic review, has expressed concerns on the existing high ...
The economic slowdown and the accompanying moderation in the pace of revenue growth has adversely hit the financial health of ...
Services and personal loans pulled down the non-food bank credit growth to 19.5 per cent at the end of February 27, 2009 as ...
In the light of credit offtake not picking up despite ample liquidity in the system, the RBI is likely to keep policy rates ...
India’s merger and acquisition scene for the first quarter of 2009 has been dismissal.
Indian companies were involved in a ...
HSBC gets Rs 1,000 for safekeeping payment.
The global financial crisis has come as a roadblock to the Rs 5,500-crore integrated solar power complex, possibly the world's ...
Dilip Kumar didn't use his ICICI Bank credit card for 14 months; Nazneen did the same.
The bank responded by blocking their ...
World Bank’s private sector lending arm, International Finance Corporation (IFC), has said two funds supported by it are ...
The Reserve Bank of India's decision to treat authorisations, licences and rights - which are provided as collateral while ...
The US Treasury and financial regulators are clashing with each other over how to disclose results from the stress tests of 19 US ...
Investment by Indian public and private limited companies abroad in joint ventures (JVs) and wholly owned subsidiaries (WOS) ...
Gruh Finance, a subsidiary of the largest housing finance company in the country HDFC , has reported a 10.24 per cent rise in net ...
The state-run lender had in February started offering loans at a concessional rate of eight per cent to farmers against cold ...
In its present format, this policy doesn’t inspire much.
The state-run lender had in February started offering loans at a concessional rate of eight per cent to farmers against cold ...
The RBI today tightened the prudential norms for unsecured loans and asked banks to treat the value of all rights, licences and ...
Ending the confusion over provisioning for ‘stressed assets’ taken up for special restructuring, the Reserve Bank of ...
For the first time since the global credit crisis intensified in September 2008, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has turned a net ...
Applying for a loan?
Check if you’ve paid your telephone bill or insurance premium first.
Soon, your loan
proposals will ...
In its first-quarter earnings review, Citi estimated its total net credit losses (NCL) from the international consumer credit ...
The Indian rupee today rose marginally by nine paise to 49.68 against the greenback in early trade on fresh capital inflows by ...
Public sector insurance companies have managed to raise their market share further during the April renewals.
The US Federal Reserve and other regulators conducting stress tests on the 19 biggest US banks will disclose how they carried out ...
Private equity players have made investments of $230 million in the microfinance sector in the last two years and the outlook for ...
The government has proposed a salary of Rs 80,000 per month for insurance ombudsmen on the pattern of high court judges, whose ...
Benchmark 10-year yields fell to a one-month low after a commerce ministry report today showed wholesale prices posted their ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) Committee, which was evaluating the performance of third-party ...
HSBC On Thursday announced the appointment of Naina Lal Kidwai as country head and group general manager of HSBC India.
Before ...
With financial markets being swamped by liquidity, banks and primary dealers are latching onto state government bonds, which ...
HSBC India chief Naina Lal Kidwai On Thursday said that the bank’s consumer retail portfolio is likely to remain flat this ...
State Bank of India has agreed to lend Vodafone-Essar, the joint venture between UK’s Vodafone and Essar, Rs 10,000 crore ...
Renuka Ramnath quits ICICI Venture; insurance arms may get new heads.
If SBI cuts rates further in a bid to push loan growth, its net interest margin may come under further pressure.
In the Great Depression of the 1930s the US government had a great deal of trouble maintaining its commitment to economic ...
Indian restructured loans may jump as much as eight times as companies and lenders take advantage of a relaxation in central bank ...
India’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank is raising Rs 7,000 crore through a subordinated debt programme.
Future Generali, the joint venture between Italy-based Generali Group and the Biyani-led Future Group, has earned a new business ...
Private life insurers have entered into their eighth year of operations in the country but they are yet to generate profits.
Public sector IDBI Bank Chairman and Managing Director Yogesh Agarwal today supported the idea of consolidation in the Indian ...
Plans to raise Rs 12,500 crore from the domestic market.
Has sought government permission to issue Tier I capital this financial year.
Bank’s chairman says high-cost funds, lower credit demand putting pressure on NIM.
India’s largest lender State Bank of India today said that it is considering a cut in its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 18 paise to 50.06 against the US currency in early trade today on raised concerns of fresh ...
Kolkata-based Allahabad bank is expecting more than 20 per cent growth in business for the financial year 2009-10. The bank was ...
State co-operative banks (SCBs) are likely to be burdened with higher non-performing assets (NPAs) for the financial years ...
Religare Enterprises, the diversified financial services company promoted by Malvinder Singh and family, is in talks with global ...
Bonds fell, reversing earlier gains, on speculation investors will demand higher yields at a debt sale this week, the third this ...
For the fourth consecutive day, banks parked over Rs 1,00,000 crore with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) through the reverse repo ...
The rupee appreciated to a seven-week high against the US dollar on flow of funds from foreign institutional investors (FIIs) and ...
Standard and Poor’s today said that there is room for more business models in the credit rating industry, but the regulator ...
The Industrial & Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), the world’s largest lender by market value, has said it is also ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) is planning to raise fresh equity capital through qualified institutional placement (QIP). The ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, has decided to extend the special offer for auto and home loans till ...
The Supreme Court today rejected a petition filed by investment banker Nimesh N Kampani seeking quashing of criminial proceedings ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 14 paise to trade below 50 level at 49.88 against the US currency in early trade today, on ...
The public sector IDBI Bank said today it will start operations in Dubai, Singapore and Beijing to establish its presence abroad ...
SBI too may have a stake in the exchange.
The public sector Union Bank of India has projected a business growth of 30 per cent in Orissa in the current fiscal.
It aims to ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has extended assistance to the tune of Rs 8,188 crore to Punjab, ...
Public sector IDBI Bank today said it will start operations in Dubai, Singapore and Beijing to establish its presence abroad and ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, by selling stock to help it repay $10 billion to the US Treasury, might pressure competitors to follow ...
The dollar posted its biggest weekly gain versus the euro in more than two months on optimism that the worst of the financial ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, today decided to freeze interest rates on certain term loans and working ...
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) has expanded its international operations with the opening of a new branch in ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is in the process of establishing a data warehouse that will contain ...
In what would provide a major relief to banks who are plagued with fears of rising defaults and bad debt, the Bombay High Court ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves increased $2.8 billion to $255.16 billion for the week ended April 10 largely due to ...
According to the latest data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today, incremental credit flow to the commercial sector ...
The Adjusted Premium Equivalent (APE) grew by 23 per cent from Rs 1,051.67 crore in the year 2007-08 to Rs 1,292.98 crore for the ...
The banking sector, which had seen good set of numbers in the third quarter, is likely to report subdued earnings in the fourth ...
IDBI Bank is planning to raise capital worth Rs 5,000 crore through senior, upper and lower Tier II bonds in 2009-10 to shore up ...
The Reserve Bank of India has prescribed a uniform formula for computing the diminution in fair value of restructured loans.
Country’s largest commercial vehicle maker Tata Motors, which is seeking a $2 billion term loan for refinancing the bridge ...
With terrorism reinsurance rates escalating by seven to eight times, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) may have to ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has posted a gross surplus of Rs 2,095 crore for 2008-09, as ...
Industry captains today urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to take further steps, including a cut in the reverse repo rate, to ...
SBI pares deposit rates by 25-50 bps; IDBI Bank reduces BPLR by 50 bps.
Real estate company Shriram Properties, promoted by Chennai-based Shriram Global Entropolis, will invest about Rs 1,400 crore ...
The private sector has invested Rs 33,161 crore in three southern metros in the last four years, compared with Rs 14,240 crore in ...
Second half saw 51% decline in enivisaged investment.
The total business of Rs 3,240 crore achieved by the bank in Orissa includes Rs 2267 crore of advances and deposits worth Rs 905 ...
Unitech Ltd, the country’s second-biggest real estate developer, plans to raise as much as $250 million (Rs 1,250 crore) ...
Commercial banks could witness a sudden rise in savings as risk-aversion would encourage people to save more, according to Anshu ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), the World Bank arm that provides funding for the private sector in developing countries, ...
US Federal Reserve officials are conducting an internal review of bank supervision aimed at improving regulators’ response ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is working on new guidelines for selling insurance products through ...
The bank clocked a 29 per cent growth in loan disbursements over FY 2007-08, when it disbursed Rs 38,660 crore, a bank release ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor's meeting with bank chiefs, public sector lenders State Bank of India ...
The Indian rupee today pared its early gains and fell to 50.02/03 a dollar in late morning deals due to volatile stock markets.
The heydays for investment bankers are certainly over for now.
With the economic slowdown engulfing corporates globally and ...
JP Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and the eight other banks that have dominated the credit-default swaps (CDS) market for a decade ...
Standard Chartered Bank has decided to go slow in disbursing unsecured loans to small and medium enterprises (SMEs), after ...
Despite the global financial meltdown which is forcing firms to take a relook on their budget outlay, Indian CIOs are open to ...
Private equity (PE) investments into India for the quarter ended March 2009 has dropped by a whopping 87 per cent to $526 ...
Despite banks disbursing nearly Rs 79,500 crore during the second half of March, credit growth slowed down to 17.27 per cent ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao told bankers On Wednesday that though inflation, as measured by the Wholesale Price ...
Bankers On Wednesday told the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that it will be difficult to make significant cuts in lending rates for ...
The West Bengal-based Bandhan, one of the largest micro-finance institutions (MFIs) in the non-banking financial company space, ...
When banks were falling like ninepins in the US, India was not far behind with two lenders going belly-up for every five in the ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) may have to deal with higher provisioning on a total outstanding amount of around Rs 25,000 crore ...
State Bank of India, Visakhapatnam, registered a 79 per cent growth in net profit during the financial year 2008-09 to Rs 277 ...
Swiss private bankers are likely to reduce their exposure to wealthy Indian clients as they cut down their discreet banking ...
Standard Chartered today said it has expressed interest in acquiring Asian business of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS).
Bankers today expressed fears that non-performing assets (NPA) are likely to go up and credit growth may moderate in 2009-10 in ...
West Bengal-based Bandhan, one of the largest micro-finance institution (MFI) in the non-banking finance company (NBFC) space, is ...
In sync with the steep fall in equity markets, the Indian rupee also slid to quote at 50.59/60, down 55 paise, against the ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), West Bengal, has topped in fund mobilisation among regional offices ...
The West Bengal State Cooperative Bank (WBSCB) has sought more autonomy in opening branches in Coochbehar, North 24-Parganas and ...
The working group formed at the behest of the G20 leaders to review the ongoing economic crisis has recommended that the ...
Stung by rising non-performing assets (15 per cent in some cases), several banks have now started issuing cards linked to fixed ...
Insurers are joining hands to set up a Health Insurance Council, an industry lobby which is aimed at clearing the hurdles for ...
British banking major Royal Bank of Scotland has said it will slash as many as 9,000 jobs worldwide in the coming days, including ...
Ahead of the annual monetary policy, Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao will meet heads of leading Indian banks here tomorrow to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is averse to monetising the fiscal deficit as a measure to push private investment and sagging ...
At a time when crackdown on tax havens have acquired a political colour, data shows that Swiss banks held securities worth $3.35 ...
The Indian insurance sector is lacking adequate specialised skilled professionals in areas like actuarial science and treasury ...
Interim pension regulator PFRDA will take up with the new Government the matter of tax exemption on withdrawal of money under the ...
Investors are depending on banks more than at any time in at least 60 years to lead the US out of the longest earnings slump ...
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said he’s prepared to oust executives and directors at banks that require ...
With the stock markets continuing to be volatile, brokers may have to shell out 20-25 per cent more in premiums for getting a ...
The corpus of Rural Housing Fund (RHF), a scheme set up by the National Housing Bank (NHB) to provide refinance for rural ...
State-owned lender State Bank of India has given a return of 9.7 per cent on provident fund deposits, which is over half a ...
May look at merger option.
The crisis of confidence due to the global financial meltdown in September 2008 seems to have encouraged depositors to move their ...
At a time when private equity players are finding it difficult to raise resources, the country’s largest bank, State Bank ...
The global financial crisis appears to have claimed a new casualty: the Persian Gulf dream of creating a common Arab market in ...
With low credit demand, the system is flush with liquidity with banks parking close to Rs 1,22,000 crore with the Reserve Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said On Monday that the government’s borrowing programme would be substantially higher in ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank has identified 270 branches, at around 130 centres in India for Nano booking.
India along with Japan and China is among the top five countries in the Asia-Pacific region with the highest number of merger and ...
Global private equity fund-raising has hit a low of $45.9 billion in the first three months of calendar 2009, the smallest amount ...
India should closely monitor the foreign exchange reserves, which was 248 billion USD in 2008-09 compared to 309 billion USD the ...
The other three private fund mangers, including HSBC AMC, ICICI Pru AMC and Reliance AMC, gave a yield of 8.5, nine and 9.1 per ...
Money transfer services provider Western Union Financial has tied up with 8,500 post offices in the country to penetrate into the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) and the Macquarie group today announced the launch of the Macquarie-SBI Infrastructure Fund (MSIF).
The Indian rupee appreciated by another 41 paise to almost one month high of 49.93 against the US currency in early trade today ...
Audit firms want lenders to declare that proposals received before March 31 have been approved in principle.
The SBI Mutual Fund, the leading fund house of the country, expects to mobilise Rs 12 crore from Orissa for its newly launched ...
Loans at a discount to the benchmark prime lending rates (BPLR) of banks are back with a majority of the fresh loans being ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have different takes on participatory notes (PNs), through which the ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), which regulates and lends to housing finance institutions, said it was in talks with Indian ...
With inflation nearing zero and signs of economic revival, bankers today hinted at cutting lending rates by 0.5 per cent and ...
Lawrence Summers, director of President Barack Obama’s National Economic Council, earned millions working at a hedge fund ...
Banks may find it difficult to reduce interest rates unless yields on ten-year government bonds came down, according to K V ...
Without naming the State Bank of India (SBI) and the ICICI Bank, India’s third largest lender Punjab National Bank CMD K C ...
The Federal Reserve’s $1 trillion effort to restart the market for securities backed by loans is encountering resistance ...
High discounts forced by cut-throat competition, coupled with the economic slowdown, have taken a toll on the non-life insurance ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.5 billion to $252.33 billion for the week ended March 27, 2009, mainly due ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor, D Subbarao, said the global economic downturn would be deeper and recovery would take ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Managing Director and CEO Shikha Sharma is likely to stay back at the financial services group ...
There has been very little action in terms of buyback of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) since December last year, ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.5 billion to $252.33 billion for the week ended March 27, 2009, mainly due ...
Rising default rate coupled with high cost of funds have dealt a severe blow to non-banking financial companies (NBFC) in the ...
The only good news whispered among Geneva’s financiers, who are reeling from billions of dollars lost to Bernard Madoff and ...
It’s going to be a four-day weekend for the officers of five associate banks of SBI – State Bank of Hyderabad, State ...
The insurer has collected a renewal premium of Rs 430 crore, or 6 per cent of the total renewal premium amount, via the internet ...
S Narayanmurthy, senior vice-president (underwriting and product development), Bharti Axa General Insurance, said the ...
At a time when the slowdown-hit life insurance industry was struggling to show signs of revival, data on new business premium ...
Axis Bank, the country’s third-largest private sector lender, and Bank of Rajasthan, an old-generation lender, today ...
But lenders say it’s difficult to lower deposit and lending rates significantly.
Using third-party automated teller machines (ATMs) may be free now, but withdrawing cash from these machines has not been easy in ...
The West Bengal government has urged the Union government to include power projects in the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund ...
European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet said policy makers are ready to lower their benchmark interest rate further, ...
Distributors of the Tata Motors’ fixed deposit (FD) scheme are now wooing the unsuccessful applicants of Tata ...
With the hardening of yields becoming an issue in recent times, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has removed the restriction on ...
This is the last of a four-part series on how to strike the best deals in auto and home loans, fixed deposits and insurance ...
However, the cut has been lower than expected, amid the economies in the region battling a ravaging financial turmoil.
Interest ...
Leading private-sector lender, Axis Bank today reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 0.5 per cent with immediate ...
Country's second largest state-owned lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said that there is more scope for cut in lending ...
Reinsurance major Swiss Re will be cutting over 1,100 jobs or about 10 per cent of its global workforce, as part of cost saving ...
In order to provide an added facility of car finance to its customers, Tata Motors has entered into an understanding with Canara ...
The US Justice Department has launched about 100 criminal investigations into major American investors of Swiss banking giant ...
The officers of Five associate banks of SBI - State Bank of Hyderabad, Mysore, Travancore, Patiala and Bikaner and Jaipur will go ...
Having notched up record disbursements, Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is now turning its attention to ...
With the international reinsurance market hardening, general insurers are focusing on General Insurance Corporation (GIC) – ...
India Inc, renewing their insurance policies, have not been offered any further discounts by the insurance companies.
Insurers ...
Taxpayers will not have to pay the levy on withdrawal of cash from banks with the government withdrawing the Banking Cash ...
The ongoing recession has encouraged Indian consumers to use debit cards
more than credit cards.
At least this is what becomes ...
India’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has repurchased and extinguished bonds worth $90 million.
The bonds were ...
Venture-capital investment in so-called green technology companies dropped 48 per cent in the first quarter as the recession ...
This is the third of a four-part series on how to strike the best deals in auto and home loans, fixed deposits and insurance ...
More on anvil if govt, RBI measures do not show results.
Nabard has exceeded its refinance target by Rs 37 crore, to Rs 522 crore last fiscal, said P Mohanaih, chief general manager, ...
Srei Infrastructure Finance (SIFL) may pull out of the proposed 23-km metro rail project in Colombo due to the political unrest ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today issued guidelines on renewability of health insurance policies ...
With the global financial crisis deepening and migrant workers losing jobs, remittances from non-resident Indians (NRIs) could ...
With the global financial crisis deepening and migrant workers losing jobs, remittances from non-resident Indians (NRI) could ...
IndusInd Bank has launched an online remittance product ‘Indus Fast Remit’ to assist the US-based non-residential ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance Company has received regulatory approval for its SmartHealth Insurance, an individual health ...
Mumbai, Apr 1 (PTI) State-run lender Corporation Bank today joined the league of 12 other public sector lenders in cutting its ...
The currency and money markets will not be open for trading today as banks close their accounts for the financial year, which ...
Banks issuing loans to professionals and students pursuing professional courses have taken a hit due to lay offs and declining ...
Pending the signing of the tripartite agreement with the Orissa government and Small Industries Development Bank of India ...
For the first time in over a decade, India reported a capital account deficit during the third quarter of the current financial ...
A foreign bank has finally reduced its interest rate.
Citibank today said that it will lower its home loan rates by 50 basis ...
The window operated through IDBI Bank’s Stressed Asset Stabilisation Fund (SASF), these finance companies are permitted to ...
American International Group (AIG), the company rescued four times by the US government, is being probed by all 50 state ...
Indian companies raised $452 million through the external commercial borrowing (ECB) route in February.
This is the lowest level ...
India’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank is slowing down its credit card business and has cut its card base over ...
Voicing concern over the global recession, G-20 Finance Ministers have asked their central banks to adopt aggressive and ...
Despite the hardening of yields on government paper in the fourth quarter, bank treasury profits are unlikely to be hit hard for ...
Inter-bank call money rate ended up On Tuesday led by a strong demand for meeting two-day reserve needs amid reluctance by banks ...
The rupee has ended what would be one the most volatile financial years for the currency and foreign exchange dealers are ...
Mutual funds started purchasing certificates of deposit (CDs) issued by banks On Tuesday on expectations that interest rates will ...
The Indian rupee today recovered sharply by 48 paise to close at 50.70/71 against the greenback following firm equity markets ...
Foreign lender, Citibank today cut its mortgage prime rate (MPR) by 0.5 per cent to 13.75 per cent with immediate effect.
Public sector banks, barring the big lenders State Bank of India (SBI), Punjab National Bank (PNB) and a few others, would get ...
Private sector lender ICICI Bank in association with south-east Asian air-carrier Singapore Airlines today launched the ...
Tomorrow onwards you need not shell out any extra money to use ATM of any bank, thanks to a directive by the Reserve Bank.
Agencies handling security and investigation have put forward the proposal of bringing private banks under the laws that govern ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) today said it is looking at foreign borrowings to the tune of $700-900 ...
SBI Mutual Funds, the joint venture between State Bank of India and Societe General AMC (France), plans to launch ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 18 paise against the US currency in early trade today on expectations of fresh capital inflows by ...
The Committee on Financial Sector Assessment (CSFA) today said the government should frame a new Act to strengthen the regulation ...
The committee on financial sector assessment (CFSA), headed by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan, has ...
The committee on financial sector assessment has proposed the setting up of one or two government-sponsored secondary mortgage ...
Rates in the secondary market fell 25-30 basis points as investors such as banks and insurance companies bought certificate of ...
The financial sector assessment report, prepared by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Central Government, has favoured the ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) may allow life insurers to introduce ‘Universal Life ...
Report of the committee on financial sector assessment.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has directed all domestic life insurance companies to tighten their ...
Report also suggests gradual foreign investment in the sector.
The Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank is planning to open a couple of more branches in the state during the next financial year ...
Indian life insurers are more concerned about the distribution network while their counterparts globally are worried about their ...
Despite the negative impact of the downturn on the growth of credit, the public sector Oriental Bank of Commerce, is targeting to ...
Volatility in exchange rates and heightened risk of defaults have forced Indian banks to start charging margins for booking ...
In an effort to encourage entry of foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in India, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Committee on ...
Bank of America Corp plans to increase some investment bankers’ salaries by as much as 70 per cent following the takeover ...
While Union Bank has cut its PLR from 12.50 per cent to 12 per cent, Dena Bank has slashed its rate from 12.75 per cent to 12.50 ...
The Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim) and ICICI Bank, have signed a loan agreement for USD 98-million under the two-step ...
The country's second largest private life insurer, SBI Life Insurance, today projected its new premium growth to be around 30 per ...
Public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce may cut interest rates for deposits of one year by 50 basis points tomorrow.
Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank has entered into an agreement with UAE Exchange & Financial Services for inward money transfer ...
The Indian rupee today plunged by 60 paise to end below 51 to the greenback after a gap of six trading days, at 51.18/19, ...
Mangalore-headquartered public sector lender Corporation Bank is proposing to raise Rs 400 crore by issuing lower Tier-II bonds ...
The banking institutions issuing loans to the corporate professionals and students pursuing professional courses have received a ...
The government today approved restructuring of state-owned United Bank of India's capital, which includes reduction in paid-up ...
Credit rating agency ICRA and IndusInd Bank (IB) have signed an agreement under which ICRA would assign ratings to IB's loans ...
The Indian rupee breached the 51 level in the morning trade as oil refiners stepped up dollar buying at the month-end amid weak ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 33 paise to 50.91 against the US currency in early trade today on fears of weak opening on the ...
As financial year 2008-09 draws to an end, banks have started paring their exposure to mutual fund instruments, especially liquid ...
The much-awaited credit card from the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC)-Corporation Bank stable is likely to hit the market in the ...
Come April 1 and you need not have to sweat it out looking for an ATM of your own bank as you can use ATMs of your choice without ...
Will take up the issue of protectionism at G20 meet, PM tells industry.
Public sector lenders Central Bank of India and Andhra Bank reduced their benchmark prime lending rates (BPLR) today.
State Bank of India, India’s largest lender, may cut interest rates in the new financial year on the back of a ...
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today informed industry leaders that he has asked the Reserve Bank to look into the issue of high ...
Public sector lender, Central Bank of India, today said that it has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate by 0.50 per cent to ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves went up by $5.1 billion to $253.83 billion during the week-ended March 20, 2009, mainly ...
Two weeks after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced its last set of monetary measures, four public sector lenders – ...
State-run lenders Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) and Allahabad Bank today announced cut in their prime lending rates (PLR) by 50 ...
"The bank is cutting its prime lending rate by 50 basis points from 12.50 per cent to 12 per cent effective April 1," a ...
Punjab National Bank, the country's second largest state-run lender, today said there is no further scope for the banks to slash ...
All major commodity markets as well as forex and money markets are closed today on account of "Gudi Padwa".
State Bank of India (SBI) has identified 133 branches in the Bengal circle, comprising, Sikkim, Andaman and Nibobar islands and ...
The rupee strengthened as investors based abroad added to their local equity holdings for the seventh day in a row – the ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has restructured 15000 accounts, with outstanding amount of Rs 1,600 crore in the last three-four ...
Mutual funds sold shorter-tenure papers in the secondary market as most of them faced redemptions from banks today, dealers said. ...
The government On Thursday said it would borrow Rs 2,41,000 crore during the first six months of the next financial year, which ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) governor said On Thursday that there is a cost to any further fiscal stimulus package as ...
Shriram Transport Finance (STFL), the largest asset finance company in the country, expects growth in total disbursement for the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest life insurer, posted a 21 per cent on year fall in new ...
The Gujarat High Court has criticised the practice of government nominating members of political parties as non-official ...
"As the bank is making profit, we have sought the permission from the RBI to declare dividend for 2007-08", said Deepak ...
ICICI Bank On Thursday said it will take a call on cutting interest rates in a few weeks.
“ICICI will look into interest ...
Inter-change fee remains key to increased ATM deployment.
Life insurers are pushing big-ticket insurance policies not just to meet the year-end rush, but also to take advantage of the ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will soon start inspecting life insurers’ records with regards to ...
Union Bank of India has raised an additional capital of Rs 140 crore by issue of subordinated perpetual bonds, the bank informed ...
A day after the US President, Barack Obama refuted the idea of a global currency, the White House said dollar would be the ...
The Indian rupee appreciated marginally by 10 paise against the US currency in opening trade today on expectations of increased ...
In a move that will help improve the financial health of banks, the Reserve Bank of India On Wednesday issued fresh norms for the ...
To meet the solvency requirement as per the IRDA norms, improve information technology infrastructure and human resources ...
The Hindujas-promoted IndusInd Bank is targeting a credit growth of over 20 per cent during the next financial year, but it will ...
The private equity (PE) arm of Aditya Birla Group plans to raise about $2 billion in PE capital within the next five years. ...
The fall in interest rates is showing its impact on lending and deposit activities of banks.
National Insurance Company (NIC) is eyeing a marginal growth of 7 per cent in premium collection this fiscal, despite the fact ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) are making a beeline for the bond market with issuances of Tier-II capital bonds, subordinated debt ...
Global banking major HSBC is planning to trim its headcount by about 1,200 people in the UK, says a media report.
The Indian rupee depreciated by another 28 paise to 50.98 against the US currency in opening trade today on fears of weak opening ...
HDFC, the country’s largest mortgage player, today announced a 50 basis point reduction in its retail prime lending rate to ...
Expansion of derivative products outside the equity segment is being
put on hold for the time being.
Certificates of deposit rates rose by 20 basis points today because of continuous supply from banks to meet their deposit ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) that do not accept deposits could get some more time to meet higher capital adequacy ratio ...
The Union Bank of India has said that its net profit for the fourth quarter will not be as buoyant as the previous three quarters ...
The government has summoned nine public sector bank chiefs to discuss the liquidity and interest rate scenario and credit flow to ...
Besides, special clearing (with return clearing on the same day) shall be conducted in the evening/night of March 30 and 31, with ...
Insurance companies will have to set aside assets to cover the liabilities of acquired entities.
ICICI Bank, the country's second largest lender, today said it plans to raise Rs 1,200 crore through the issue of upper tier-II ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank today toppled ICICI Bank as the country's most valued private sector bank, after its shares ...
State Bank of India (SBI) would be charging around 11.75-12 per cent for financing the world’s cheapest car, the Tata Nano. ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), the country’s largest mortgage player, today announced a 50 basis point ...
China's central bank said it wants to replace the US dollar as the international reserve currency with a new system run by the ...
The Indian rupee rose by 23 paise to 50.22 against the US currency in early trade today on hopes that foreign funds will pump ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) special and open market operations (OMO) have resulted in around Rs 1,60,000 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said that it will ensure that the government’s market borrowings would be conducted in ...
Kolkata-based Srei Infrastructure Finance is planning to raise $100 million through the secured external commercial borrowing ...
The government has issued oil bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore to the three oil marketing companies (OMCs) to compensate for their ...
Monetisation of sovereign debt, which is just like printing money to fill the gap in government finances, is being proposed as a ...
As a part of its Rs 5,000-crore incremental borrowing plan for the next financial year, Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance is ...
The country’s third-largest lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) has said that it targeting a growth of 20 per cent in credit ...
This is about 80.18 percent (number wise) and about 168.64 percent (volume wise) higher than the previous month.
The ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is talking to various state governments in a bid to bring their ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is planning to “insist” on the setting up of an asset and ...
With private and foreign banks scaling down their lending activity and equity and overseas sources of capital drying up, the ...
ING Groep NV, the first Dutch bank to tap a government rescue package, asked 1,200 workers including its 200 “top ...
Aimed at financing purchases of illiquid real-estate assets.
Nearly two-thirds of the $61-billion decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves was on account of valuation losses, ...
Banks are parking funds not just in securities qualifying for maintenance of statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), but also in mutual ...
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner announced late yesterday a new $500-billion federal program to remove from bank balance ...
Kolkata-based Srei Infrastructure Finance is planning raise $ 100 million as secured external commercial borrowing (ECB) ...
The Reserve Bank of India plans to come up with an approach paper soon to encourage migration of high-value cheques clearing ...
Officers of the country' largest lender the State Bank of India have decided to go on a two-day nationwide strike from April 8 to ...
"We have been cautious (in lending) to over-leveraged sectors... We expect credit growth of 20 per cent in the next ...
ABN Amro Bank, a subsidiary undertaking of The Royal Bank of Scotland group, today said that Madan Menon will be the interim ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 14 paise to 50.49 against the US currency in opening trade today on hopes of increased capital ...
Canara Bank and passenger car maker Maruti Suzuki India Ltd have entered into a tie-up arrangement, under which the Bank will ...
As the general election process starts this week with filing of nomination papers for the first phase, state governments are ...
Private life insurance player, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, has partnered Hyderabad-based startup TalentSprint to ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, has partnered Hyderabad-based startup TalentSprint to offer a full-time six-month ...
The government-owned IDBI Bank said it is negotiating with other entities to give national carrier Air India a loan of $1-billion ...
Bank Muscat today said it has sold 81 per cent of its stake in India's second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank and has ...
The dollar dropped the most against the currencies of six major US trading partners since the Plaza Accord almost a ...
Citigroup, Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase & Co, recipients of more than $100 billion in US rescue funds, have criticised ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) expects its investible corpus to increase by 25 per cent to Rs 2,00,000 crore next ...
The chief executives of the America's three financial majors, including Citigroup, have criticised legislation that would levy 90 ...
A US federal appeals court has rejected the plea of Bernard L Madoff, accused of defrauding investors of $65 billion in a Ponzi ...
Citigroup Inc's CEO Vikram Pandit has pushed back against efforts in Washington to tax bonuses at financial companies that ...
The Federal Reserve’s effort to unfreeze markets for securities backed by loans kicked off with requests for $4.7 billion ...
Treasury 10-year notes headed for the biggest weekly rally since December, after the Federal Reserve’s plan to buy as much ...
The rupee completed the biggest weekly gain since December on speculation that the sliding US bond rates will spur global ...
Citigroup today said Gary Crittenden will become the chairman of Citi Holdings, while global banking chief Edward Ned Kelly will ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose by $1.43 billion to $248.72 billion for the week ended March 13, 2009, on account of ...
The RBI's credit policy is significant as it comes amid fears of further deterioration in the global economy and its consequent ...
Managing sales and distribution is the biggest challenge for Indian insurers, while globally it is strong investment performance, ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 32 paise to 50.06 against the greenback in early trade today on fresh dollar selling and gradual ...
In order to stop squandering of client funds, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is planning to issue new norms ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today said that all signs pointed to retail payments being the drivers of the future ...
With the inflation measured by the wholesale price index (WPI) ruling close to zero, real interest rates have shot up to around ...
By committing to buy Treasuries and double his purchases of mortgage debt, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke signaled his ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), which operates in India under the ABN Amro brand, said today that it intended to retain a few ...
Hit by the downturn, the total business of SBI Factors has shrunk by more than 30 per cent during 2008-09 to around Rs 1,200 ...
Model code of conduct throws a spanner in the works.
Troubled insurance giant American International Group's (AIG) chairman and chief executive has asked its employees to return at ...
NCR Corporation, a technology company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, has entered an agreement with Axis Bank to provide ...
The Indian rupee soared by 30 paise against the US currency to trade at a three-week high in early trade on dollar selling by ...
With a view to meet the credit requirement of the Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and enable them to face the adverse impact ...
The All India Bank Officers’ Confederation wants the Regional Rural Banks to be merged with the sponsor banks.
The AIBOC ...
Public sector Uco Bank on Wednesday launched Retail Loan Shoppe in Lucknow for centralised and time-bound processing of loan ...
International Monetary Fund (IMF) On Wednesday said that the Indian banking entities, which grew the asset books rapidly, have ...
In a move seen as broadening the field of potential successors to CEO Josef Ackermann, Deutsche Bank AG has appointed four ...
Japan Bank for International Co-operation (JBIC), a Japanese governmental financial aid institution, will extend credit up to ...
Soon, there will be an exchange-like platform for trading in loans.
Rates on certificates of deposit (CDs) rose for the third straight day On Wednesday because of banks’ year-end rush to ...
Leading global management consultancy firm Ernst & Young (E&Y) has said that most Indian companies may divest their ...
The current global financial crisis has forced UK’s Financial Services Authority (FSA) to tighten its grip over the ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country's second largest state-run lender, has signed a bancassurance agreement with Life ...
ICICI Bank, the country's biggest private lender, is believed to be exploring ways of hiving off its ATM management and points of ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank, one of the traditional old-generation private banks based in Kerala, plans to recruit 1,000 professionals and ...
AIG boss Edward Liddy was set today to take the hot-seat in front of furious US lawmakers as a political firestorm rages over ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 15 paise against the US currency in opening trade today on expectations of increased capital ...
Susan Woodward isn’t renewing the lease on her music boutique and internet cafe in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, after nine years. ...
Chairman Ben S Bernanke and Federal Reserve policy makers may have to ramp up their purchases of mortgage securities and other ...
Rating agency ICRA has suspended its creditworthiness rating on Ansal Properties and Infrastructure Ltd (APIL) after the real ...
The share of government banks in auto finance has increased significantly in the last few months.
In some cases, it has nearly ...
With interest rates softening, banks are slowly re-pricing the cost of short-term credit extended to the corporate sector.
Following in the footsteps of other public sector banks, Mumbai-based Bank of India (BoI) On Tuesday cut its benchmark prime ...
Economic Affairs Secretary Ashok Chawla On Tuesday said there was no need to hike the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) for banks ...
The rupee traded near this month’s high as weekly share purchases by overseas investors exceeded sales for the first time ...
Concerns over a huge supply of paper drove yields of government bonds higher On Tuesday.
Dealers said yields on gilts closed up ...
Persistent issuance of certificates of deposit (CDs) by banks to shore up their deposit-base ahead of the year-end accounts ...
Amid tight liquidity, no bids for first reverse repo auction.
As companies with high debt succumb to repayment pressure, the investment banking industry is looking for opportunities where ...
As a part of Rs 1,800 crore recapitalisation scheme, seven regional rural banks (RRBs) across the country are likely to get Rs ...
At a time when venture capitalists (VCs) are diversifying into sectors other than technology, Qualcomm Ventures – the ...
Expecting restrictions on bonus payments, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley are looking for ways to "sidestep the tough new ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today entered into an agreement with IT-solutions provider 3i Infotech to implement anti money ...
The country's second largest state-run lender, Punjab National Bank, has no immediate plans to further reduce lending rates, ...
Bank of India has lowered its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points from the existing 12.5 per cent a year.
Bank Muscat today said it has sold 40 per cent of its stake in India's second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank and would ...
US insurance giant AIG's plan to give massive bonuses of $165 million to its executives has drawn flak from the White House ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by nearly 10 paise to 51.30/32 against the American currency in late morning deals on dollar ...
Banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (CDs) today to meet their year-end deposit targets, while demand from mutual ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) has announced a reduction of 75 basis points in its home loan rates for existing customers across all ...
Crisil has lowered the long-term rating outlook on Citibank India and three other Indian affiliates from stable to negative, ...
The rupee today gained 12 paise against the US dollar to close at 51.40, the highest level this month, mainly due to the rise in ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said the biggest risk to an economic recovery is a shortage of “political ...
Citigroup and Bank of America reduced their dividend payouts a few weeks ago as the banking sector globally has suffered a ...
Standard Chartered Bank announced today the appointment of Sreeram Iyer to the newly-created position of chief operating officer, ...
The Kolkata based Uco Bank has decided to set up 7 Rural Self Employment Training Institutes (RSETIs) in Orissa.
These institutes ...
It is not just the number of credit cards in use that is falling, but even spending through this route is dropping.
Manufacturing sector still sluggish.
But NRI deposits likely to help contain the damage: RBI.
"It has been decided to extend the date for completing the entire procedure for buyback of FCCBs from March 31, 2009 to ...
Leading public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) has incurred mark-to-market losses to the tune of Rs 150-200 crore in the ...
Swiss banking major UBS AG today said it will replace three members of its board of directors, including the longest serving ...
"We have cut lending rates for existing customers by (75 basis points) from April 1.
We have seen our cost of funds coming ...
Indian banks may face rising non-performing assets (NPA) in the next fiscal because of the economic slowdown, financial services ...
Standard Chartered Bank today said that it has appointed Sreeram Iyer as the chief operating officer (COO) for its India ...
The Hinduja Group-owned Amas Bank (Switzerland) today said it has changed its name to Hinduja Bank to show the group's increased ...
The Indian rupee today turned weak after a strong start and depreciated by nine paise against the US currency on some dollar ...
American International Group Inc, the insurer saved from collapse by a $170 billion taxpayer bailout, was ordered by the US ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to issue a new direction, making it mandatory for all public sector banks to seek ...
The Kolkata based Uco Bank has decided to set up 7 Rural Self Employment Training Institutes (RSETIs) in Orissa.
These institutes ...
“We have been profitable for the first two months of the year,” Lewis told reporters after delivering a speech in ...
The American International Group (AIG) plans to pay about $165 million in bonuses even though the troubled insurance giant ...
Concerned over banks not improving the credit flow to the industry despite stimulus packages, Cabinet Secretary K M Chandrasekhar ...
The Reserve Bank of India has extended the deadline for completing buyback of foreign currency convertible bonds by nine months ...
In a bid to know about available solvency margins and bring in more transparency in terms of corporate governance, the Insurance ...
The merger process of the two Kerala-based private banks — Catholic Syrian bank (CSB) and the Federal Bank — is ...
Government bonds jumped the most in two months after the central bank rejected all bids at a government debt auction, stoking ...
As part of its efforts to provide support to sectors and firms hit by credit crunch and fall in demand, the International Finance ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.98 billion to $247.29 billion in the week ended March 6, 2009, on account ...
With the financial year drawing to a close, bank credit flow has seen a revival of sorts with advances during the fortnight-ended ...
Internal assessment follows banks’ worries over systemic risks.
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.98 billion to $247.29 billion for the week ended March 6, 2009, on account ...
Financial services major Citigroup is preparing to nominate four financial experts to be directors as part of its efforts to ...
Moving in tandem with the equity markets, the Indian rupee today appreciated sharply by 35 paise to close at 51.51/52 against the ...
IDG Ventures India and Microsoft India today announced a funding programme under which the former intends to invest up to Rs 100 ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 16 paise against the US currency in opening trade, following selling of dollars by banks ...
iFAST Corporation, the holding company of iFAST Financial (HK) and Fundsupermart HK, has entered into a pact with ING Insurance ...
Citing a need for legal knowledge and skills, banks have shot down a proposal by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ...
There are no takers for short-term loans against securities through the special liquidity window for non-banking finance ...
Three general insurers missed out on their rural obligations, while three more missed fulfiling social obligations as spelled out ...
State-owned Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India (ECGC) has seen an increase in insurance claims by exporters as defaults ...
With the real estate sector showing little signs of revival despite several steps taken by the government and the central bank so ...
As part of a Rs 5,000 crore borrowing plan for the next fiscal, Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance is planning to raise Rs 500 ...
Speaking to reporters after launching the company’s regional office in Chennai, M Balachandran, chairman, Star Union ...
Banks globally will have to hold more capital in the future as a cushion against losses, the Basel Committee on Banking ...
Primary issuances of certificates of deposit remained high On Thursday as banks rushed to raise funds in anticipation of a rise ...
At a time when inflation is touching new lows, the yield on the 10-year government bonds moved up sharply to close at the 7 per ...
Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investors Service, Fitch Ratings and other big credit-rating companies are obeying a ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India has frozen lending rate on new housing loans up to Rs 20 lakh at eight per cent for a ...
Zurich-based Credit Suisse today appointed former US Ambassador to India David Mulford as its Vice-Chairman International.
The Indian rupee appreciated by 38 paise against the US currency in early trade today on expectations of fresh capital inflows by ...
Asia Aluminum Holdings Ltd. bondholders formed a group to oppose a buyback proposal that may test the rights of foreign investors ...
UBS AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank, posted a 20.9 billion Swiss franc ($18 billion) loss for 2008, more than initially ...
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) President Thomas Mirow said the bank will offer support to ...
The state-owned IDBI Bank is in the process of recruiting 2,000 supervisory officers in the next six months to support the ...
Bank aims to close present fiscal with a business of around Rs 93,000 cr.
Soon, you may not have to worry about your lost wallet.
A host of private insurance companies are taking a cue from their ...
State-owned IDBI Bank is in the process of recruiting 2,000 supervisory officers in the next six months to support the expansion ...
The World Bank is likely to fund the Rs 303 crore drinking water project for Berhampur in South Orissa.
The scheme envisages ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) is eyeing a total business of over Rs 29,000 crore by the end of this fiscal year.
The ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S.
Bernanke urged a sweeping overhaul of U.S. financial regulations in an effort to smooth out the ...
Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank is planning to raise Rs 1,000 crore through bonds by the end of this month.
Out of this, the bank ...
European Central Bank council member Axel Weber said the ECB shouldn’t cut its main interest rate below 1 per cent and that ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit said his bank is having the best quarter since 2007, when it last posted a ...
In an attempt to better serve its customers in the shipping and energy sectors in India as well as Norwegian companies operating ...
Indian companies planning premature buybacks of their foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) are finding it difficult to get ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) expects its Entrepreneur Data Management System (EDMS) to be functional in its ...
Norwegian bank DnB NOR today opened a representative office here to cater to its strong base of ship owning community besides ...
Banking major Citigroup has been profitable in the first two months of this year and reaped revenue of over $19 billion, a media ...
Hedge funds and foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) are replacing real estate as popular offshore investment destinations ...
Six months after declaring bankruptcy, US-based financial services firm Lehman Brothers has started closing its deals with Indian ...
Max New York Life (MNYL) is looking at maintaining a double digit growth rate both in terms of premium collection and number of ...
UK 10-year gilt yields fell to the lowest level in at least 20 years amid evidence Britain’s banking woes are deepening as ...
Faced with risks of losing business, urban cooperative banks (UCBs) have sought interest subsidy to provide support to export ...
The yen declined against the dollar, euro and Swiss franc as Japan posted its first trade deficit in 13 years, reducing the ...
The proposed infusion is to support the company’s expansion plan and meet the target of Rs 500 crore premium in 2009-10, ...
India has room to cut interest rates further, and it should quickly disburse funds related to the fiscal stimulus packages ...
Allahabad Bank, one of the oldest banks in the country, is planning to raise Rs 1,000 crore through bonds by the end of this ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) has approached the Finance Ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Shikha Sharma today put to an end to speculation ...
For the first time since the sector was opened up in 2000, the life insurance industry is expected to see a drop in premiums from ...
Andrea Orcel’s reported $33.8 million compensation for 2008, a year when his employer, Merrill Lynch & Co, had net ...
In order to provide greater transparency and enable policyholders to take more informed decisions, the Insurance Regulatory and ...
American International Group Inc appealed for its fourth US rescue by telling regulators the company’s collapse could ...
Way2Wealth, a retail brokerage of equities and commodities owned by Coffee Day Holdings, has acquired Prudential Integrated ...
Bank of America (BofA), which has received bailout funds worth $45-billion from the US Federal government, has withdrawn job ...
Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance today said it has raised Rs 25 crore through the issue of non-convertible debentures (NCD).
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would shortly issue Rs 100 and Rs 500 denomination notes with inset letter 'R', ...
Public sector lender Dena Bank has reduced interest rate on new housing loans, fresh auto and trade finance loans by 25-50 basis ...
New-generation lender Yes Bank plans to disburse Rs 1,800 crore towards agricultural credit by the end of 2008-09 fiscal compared ...
Automobile major Tata Motors has entered into an agreement with State Bank of Patiala for financing its full range of passenger ...
The Indian rupee inched up by three paise after opening weak against the US currency in late morning trade today on ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has released the first tranche of $250 million (about Rs 1,250 crore) to IIFC Plc, the UK ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering a proposal to allow companies another six months to buy back or prepay their ...
The spurt indicates deteriorating investor perception of credit quality.
The number of US bank failures is mounting with each week passing by as 17 lenders went belly up so far this year amid the ...
The government is proposing to inject Rs 250 crore into the Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) and simultaneously ...
Betting big on the country's fast developing corporate sector, banking giant, State Bank of India (SBI) has re-organised its ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s task force on the diamond industry has asked banks to examine the possibility of providing ...
ICICI Bank customers beware.
You can no longer get away by using foul or unparliamentary language during your interaction with ...
Bernard Madoff, the alleged mastermind of a $50-billion Ponzi scheme, may be nearing a guilty plea after federal prosecutors ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has raised Rs 4,000 crore of tier-II capital, said a dealer close to the development.
Merrill Lynch & Co, the securities firm acquired by Bank of America Corp, said it uncovered an “irregularity” ...
The rupee declined for the third week in a row on concerns that prolonged financial turmoil and a deepening global economic slump ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined by $249 million to $249.27 billion for the week ended February 27, 2008 on ...
The yield on 10-year government paper on Friday touched a three-month high after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) set a ...
Banks have finally started cutting lending rates with ICICI Bank, the country’s second-largest private sector lender today ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined by $249 million to $249.27 billion for the week ended February 27, 2008 on ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank today said it has no immediate plans to cut interest rates even though the ...
Moving on fast track to salvage the small and medium enterprises, the banks have restructured loans worth Rs 8,000 crore during ...
India is likely to see the beginnings of a debt market soon, Sebi Chairman C B Bhave said today.
Banks have finally started cutting lending rates with ICICI Bank, the country’s second largest private sector lender today ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) hopes to ride on the back of an expected revival in the auto sector and is eyeing a 20 ...
The Indian rupee gained 12 paise after a weak opening against the US currency in late morning trade today on expected central ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cut its key interest rates, two public sector banks – Bank of Baroda (BoB) and ...
Rates on short-term money market instruments fell in early trade after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cut interest rates ...
The Reserve Bank of India, contrary to its earlier view, has suggested supporting private infrastructure through government ...
Tiruchy-based Grama Vidiyal Microfinance (GVM), a non-banking finance company (NBFC), is planning to raise Rs 300 crore capital ...
Rupee dropped after the central bank cut interest rates for the second time this year and amid speculation that some companies ...
Simple debt instruments
have become investors’ favourite compared with complex and highly complex instruments.
This has ...
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has started hunting for reinsurance companies to renew its annual insurance cover from ...
Despite the uncertainty surrounding the Indian Premier League (IPL) dates, public sector insurer Oriental Insurance Company (OIC) ...
Bank of England Governor Mervyn King will take the unprecedented step of printing money to buy assets after reducing the ...
Private sector Yes Bank is planning to form an asset reconstruction company (ARC) in partnership with a foreign lender and three ...
Union Bank of India today slashed its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 0.50 per cent to 12 per cent per annum, a day after ...
With economy slowing down and inflation falling to over six-year low, global financial institutions expect the Reserve Bank of ...
Amidst volatility in the stock markets, private sector life insurer Aviva India today said it is looking at the right way of ...
The Indian rupee weakened by 11 paise to 51.65/66 after opening strong against the US currency in late morning trade in tune with ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 8 paise against the US currency in early trade today on expectations of firm opening of the ...
Accounting regulator may allow companies to amortise MTM losses.
IDFC, a leading lender to infrastructure projects in the country, aims to mobilise retail deposits in order to foster asset ...
Short-term money market instruments’ rates rose 10-15 basis points today as demand from mutual funds fell on caution ahead ...
Despite the current economic slowdown, new age private banker Yes Bank remains optimistic about its growth plans and hiring in ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked insurance companies to strictly adhere to anti-money ...
As a result, local insurers would be forced to seek more support from global players to underwrite large risks.
The proposed merger of Federal Bank and Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) may be delayed, following the announcement of dates for ...
The yield on government bonds may dip following the Reserve Bank of India’s decision to cut key interest rates, signalling ...
Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services has lowered the credit rating on India’s largest private lender ICICI ...
Singapore-based DBS Bank said it was planning to open three more branches in India this calendar year.
The bank, which started ...
Banks may separate business lines to avoid strict regulatory scrutiny.
Funds raised at 14.5%; promoters to pump in Rs 300 crore by month-end.
Banks to consider lowering lending rates in a few days.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cited global developments while announcing reduction in repo and the reverse repo rates by ...
Home loans up to Rs 30 lakh would now be at 8.25 per cent for the the first 12 months, 9.25 per cent for the next 48 months and ...
Beleaguered investment bank Merrill Lynch has paid more than $10 million in cash and stock to its eleven top executives last ...
UCO Bank today announced reduction in the benchmark prime lending rate by 50 basis points from 13 per cent to 12.50 per cent a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today sent fresh signals to banks to lower their lending and deposit rates by pruning the repo ...
Continuing its fall for the eighth day in a row, the Indian rupee today depreciated marginally to 52 a dollar in early trade ...
Standard Chartered Bank has joined the race for acquiring Royal Bank of Scotland’s retail and commercial banking business, ...
Standard Chartered Bank India today said that its operating profit increased 37 per cent to $943 million (Rs 4,914 crore) in 2008 ...
Taking benefit of falling interest rates, automobile companies, which have been hit hard by a severe slump in demand in the last ...
When it comes to premium inflows, March is a key month for Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC). However, the state-owned ...
The government is likely to borrow about Rs 2.2 lakh crore in the first half of the next financial year, a senior finance ...
Trade volumes in the secondary market rose as mutual funds preferred to remain cautious and deploy limited funds in the shorter ...
Bonds fell for the first time in four days on speculation investors will demand higher yields as government debt sales increase.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said policy makers may need to expand aid to the banking system beyond the $700 billion ...
The Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has rescheduled advances to the tune of Rs 1,082 crore to avoid non-performing assets (NPA), ...
Weathering the financial storm, British banking major Standard Chartered has posted a 19 per cent rise in annual pre-tax profits ...
The rupee breached the 52-mark against the dollar for the first time on continued pressure from overseas investors who are ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) is rescheduling advances worth Rs 1,082 crore to curtail its non-performing asset, which at ...
The Indian rupee will bounce from its record low levle of close to Rs 52 against the greenback and will gain about 10 per cent in ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today said that it has raised Rs 154 crore of perpetual Tier-I capital through private placement ...
The finance ministry has appointed S Sridhar as the chairman and managing director. of Central Bank of India (CBI).
After losing for six days in a row, the Indian rupee today appreciated by 19 paise against the greenback in early trade on dollar ...
Thiruvananthapuram-headquartered State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has set a target of Rs 100,000 crore business by March 2010 on ...
National reinsurer General Insurance Corporation (GIC) has expanded its global footprint, aided by the financial crisis which has ...
To float own ventures; Vice Chairman Alok Vajpeyi will put in his papers soon.
Threats of rating downgrade put pressure on currency.
HDFC Standard Life is planning to launch a health savings plan next fiscal.
The company is eying a premium income of Rs 50 crore ...
launches internship program across Guj.
Tiruvananthapuram-headquartered State Bank of Travancore (SBT) is eyeing a business of Rs 100,000 crore by March 2010, an ...
Stage set for other lenders to follow suit.
Commercial banks in Karnataka have waived Rs 438.40 crore and regional rural banks (RRBs) Rs 74.62 crore of 192,000 and 52,000 ...
John Taylor says three decades of currency trading taught him that a financial turmoil prompts large banks to favour local ...
The Indian operations of HSBC reported a 26 per cent increase in profit before tax (PBT) at $666 million for calendar 2008 on the ...
The banks offer FCNR deposits in six currencies — US dollar, euro, pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, and ...
On the heels of leading state-owned banks cutting their lending rates, IDBI Bank today slashed its home loan rates by up to one ...
Unfazed by the downturn, wealth manager Barclays Wealth is planning to recruit 20 more client advisors taking total number of ...
Kudva was serving as the President, India for Franklin Templeton Investments and has an experience of over 20 years in the ...
Europe's largest bank HSBC will be cutting as many as 6,100 jobs in America, as the entity has decided to close down majority of ...
On FCNR (B) dollar-denominated deposits for one to less than two years period, the rate has been increased to 3.12 per cent from ...
Extending its losses to sixth day in a row, the Indian rupee today hit a new life-time low of 51.81/82 against the American ...
With the ninth bipartite wage settlement of bank employees ending inconclusively and the Union finance minister not giving any ...
Govt banks have cleared only 28,000 proposals so far.
Europe's largest bank HSBC is likely to unveil a 17 billion pound provision against bad loans and a 12 billion pound rights issue ...
With the financial meltdown continuing unabated, the US has already seen the collapse of 16 banks in the last two months -- which ...
An Industry body has sought Reserve Bank's intervention to make banks offer loans to small and medium enterprises (SME) at eight ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India prodded banks to cut interest rates, two public sector banks have responded.
While Union ...
The US government’s third attempt to help rescue Citigroup won’t stanch the company’s losses, which will ...
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) is expected to transfer Rs 1,156 crore of equity to its reserve account by March 31, ...
For the first time in nearly two months, banks’ investment in statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) instruments has fallen below ...
Insurance companies are expected to invest over Rs 5,000 crore in the Indian stock market in March.
Credit rating agency ICRA has revised the short term rating assigned to the Rs 35 billion short-term debt programme of Tata ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today reduced interest rates on new home loans by 25 to 100 basis points.
Similarly, ...
Taking cues from the country's largest lender, SBI, public sector lender Punjab National Bank today announced a cut in car loans ...
An equivalent amount of bonds issued earlier under MSS will now form a part of the government’s regular market borrowing, ...
Private banks may lower deposit rates.
The rupee on Friday breached the 51-mark against the US dollar and touched a new lifetime low against the greenback.
India’s foreign exchange reserve fell by $165 million to $249.52 billion during the week ended February 20, 2009, due to ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve fell by $165 million to $249.52 billion during the week ended February 20, 2009, due to ...
Citigroup says it has reached a deal that will give the US government up to a 40 per cent stake in the struggling bank.
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) plans to sell its retail and commercial business in India as part of the restructuring exercise, ...
Ailing banking giant Citigroup and the US government have reached an agreement for the Treasury to increase its stake in the bank ...
The Indian rupee today breached its previous all-time low and was quoting at 50.65/67 against the greenback in late morning deals ...
After the rechristening of Telco to Tata Motors in 2003, one of the auto-maker’s earliest decision was to settle its ...
Andhra Bank is targeting to disburse Rs 170 crore additional car loans during the current financial year.
Currently, it is ...
China Life Insurance Co, the nation’s biggest insurer, is in talks with American International Group Inc over buying the US ...
Govt to run a deficit of $1.75 tn, equivalent to 12% of GDP.
Taking a cue from a couple of successful non-convertible debenture (NCD) issues for retail investors, quite a few corporate ...
To exit private banking; Indian operations to focus on offshoring.
Royal Bank of Scotland Group will put £325 billion ($462 billion) of investments into a state insurance programme and shift ...
With the restructuring process in full swing, public sector banks have stepped-up monitoring to keep non-performing assets (NPAs) ...
Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling took a step closer to nationalising UK banks, boosting his control of Royal Bank of ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), will restructure over 41,000 accounts of small and micro ...
With the financial year drawing to a close, banks are stepping up raising short-term resources through certificate of deposits ...
Primary issuances were down On Thursday because of low demand for short-term papers by mutual funds (MFs) as incremental inflows ...
Over 68,000 employees of 86 Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) in India will stage demonstration in front of their respective local head ...
Uco bank On Thursday said that it has fully provided for its exposure to credit-linked notes (CLNs) and its profitability would ...
State Bank of India will restructure over 41,000 accounts of Small and Micro Enterprises (SME) which are hit by economic
Beleaguered Royal Bank of Scotland, which was rescued by the government, today registered its biggest annual loss of 24 billion ...
Life insurance company Max New York Life Insurance today announced the launch of Electronic Fund Transfer of claims payment for ...
The rupee depreciated futher to 50.18/20 against the greenback in late morning deals today, following weakness in equity markets ...
The implementation of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines pertaining to the restructuring of loans advanced to the micro, ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke spurned outright federal control of US banks in favour of a public-private partnership ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has scope to further cut interest rates in a bid to revive demand, former RBI Governor C ...
American International Group Inc lost 85 per cent of market value since Chief Executive Officer Edward Liddy said five months ago ...
Fresh loan disbursals by banks to oil companies resulted in credit flow rising by Rs 10,031 crore during the fortnight-ended ...
Vijaya Bank expects the rise in government bond yields to hit its treasury income in the March quarter, Chairman and Managing ...
Sensing slowdown in the economies in middle-east region, Bank of Baroda (BoB) has reworked its business strategy in United Arab ...
Straddled with oil bonds worth over Rs 56,000 crore, the cash-crunched public oil marketing companies (OMCs) have made a request ...
Public-sector lender Uco Bank may face pressure on its fourth-quarter profits on account of possible provisions of Rs 97.42 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India has objected to the new foreign investment guidelines for the calculating indirect foreign holding in ...
Likely to take over as its non-executive chairman.
A day after announcing Rs 30,000 crore tax relief, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today said he has advised the RBI and banks ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) today said it has re-appointed Deepak S Parekh as the managing director of the ...
The rupee continued its downward journey for the third straight session and ended lower by another seven paise to 49.94/95 ...
After remaining weak for two straight sessions, the Indian rupee appreciated by 14 paise against the US currency in early trade ...
With the West Bengal government now looking at putting the issue of conversion of two-stroke autorickshaws plying on the city ...
We have had a negative view since last July.
The fiscal outlook is getting worse and our recent report reiterated our views and ...
We remain quite concerned about the deteriorating fiscal position of the government and the weakening of an institutionalised ...
Forced to auction off dozens of units to repay part of $150 bn govt bailout.
Government bond yields touched a two-month high as the Centre borrowed more and Standard & Poor’s revised India’s ...
As the financial woes mount in the world’s largest economy, the number of failed American banks are climbing, with eight ...
With many large banks in the United States and the United Kingdom facing trouble, it is probably a bad time to be providing ...
On the backdrop of current economic meltdown, public sector lender, Dena Bank has shelved its plan of entering into general ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has hiked its stake in the country’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, ...
Rating agency Crisil has downgraded rating on Development Credit Bank’s (DCB’s) Rs 1,500-crore certificates of ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has directed that premiums after the first year for unit-linked ...
General Insurance Corporation negotiates lower commission, profit share with non-life insurers.
“Andhra Bank has already formed a joint venture with the Bank of Baroda and Legal & General Group to launch the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India has hiked its stake to 9.38 per cent in the country's largest private sector lender, ICICI ...
The Indian rupee today fell further by 15 paise against the US currency in early trade as sharp losses in Asian equities raised ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao met Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee last night to brief him on the economic ...
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) has allowed Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the ...
Bangalore-headquartered Vijaya Bank would get Rs 500 crore in first tranche under the Centre’s recapitalisation package in ...
Andhra Bank, a public sector bank aims to enter the mid-size category of banks in the country by the end of this fiscal by ...
Financial Information Network and Operations (FINO), promoted jointly by various public and private sector banks for providing ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) today said it has purchased 2.27 crore shares of country's largest private sector ...
Financial major Citigroup is in talks with federal officials that may lead to the US government extending its control over the ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao met Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee last night to brief him on the economic
India-born Vikram Pandit could well lose his job as the chief executive of Citigroup if the American government comes in with yet ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), the apex body for agricultural credit, on Monday said that it had ...
Banking giant Citigroup has approached the Obama Administration with request for more federal money in an effort to save it from ...
With the ninth bipartite wage settlement meeting of bank employees ending inconclusively in Mumbai on Saturday, the aggrieved ...
Bank of America Corp Chief Executive Officer Kenneth Lewis, under siege from investors on concern the company may be taken over ...
Kenneth Lewis, chief executive officer of Bank of America Corp, was subpoenaed by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, who is ...
If numbers are anything to go by, then the banking and insurance ombudsmen seem to be working well.
They have disposed of around ...
India is sitting on unspent foreign assistance worth Rs 78,000 crore and paying commitment charges to the World Bank and the ...
The state owned IDBI Bank plans to add 200 more branches across the country over next 6 to 9 months.
This will take the total ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) Bengal Circle, which registered a 60 per cent growth in its car loans portfolio this year, is ...
India will not allow a greater role for foreign banks in the Indian banking system when the review of the next round of banking ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve dipped by $1.84 billion to $249.70 billion in the week ended February 13 mainly on account ...
No change in the maximum cover of Rs 750 crore.
Luxury homeowners are falling behind on mortgage payments at the fastest pace in more than 15 years, a sign the US financial ...
Evidence that credit markets are thawing.
Transactions amounting to almost Rs 50,00,000 crore were stalled by the all-India strike by over 2,500 employees and officers of ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, today slashed the interest rate on loans to farmers against cold storage ...
In what could be seen as a sign of revival for the corporate bond market, Tata Capital’s public issue of non-convertible ...
After home loans, State Bank of India (SBI) today announced a limited-period offer to disburse auto loans for which interest ...
Banks have refused to finance term loans of Hindustan Oil Exploration Company (HOEC), which it sought for development of its PY-I ...
Delay in informing an insurance company in a vehicle theft case cannot be a ground to deny claim to a policyholder who had filed ...
Domestic scheduled commercial banks (SCBs) off-balance exposures, comprising guarantees, letters of credit and derivatives ...
The state owned IDBI Bank plans to add 200 more branches across the country over next 6 to 9 months.
This will take the total ...
Decline in stock markets weighed against the Indian rupee which lost 11 paise to close within the vicinity of 50-mark at 49.72/74 ...
The country's largest public sector lender, State Bank of India, today said it will freeze interest rates on new car loans at 10 ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve dipped by $1.84 billion to $249.70 billion in the week ended February 13, 2009 mainly on ...
The Indian rupee fell by 19 paise against the US currency in early trade today in line with weak trend in Asian equities raising ...
BNP Paribas SA, France’s largest bank, said its corporate and investment banking unit had a “very good ...
President Barack Obama offered $75 billion of relief on Wednesday to homeowners facing foreclosure.
He also gave bankers a ...
Will pay $780 million penalty to the US Justice Department.
Indian banks have enough liquidity and the industry is not facing any credit squeeze contrary to the general perception, said the ...
Moody’s Economy.com today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) could cut interest rates next week as the high fiscal ...
Weighed down by mounting outstandings and non-performing assets (NPAs), credit card companies are taking strong measures that ...
Issue tied in with review of foreign bank operations in India.
Admitting to helping Americans taxpayers to hide accounts, the Swiss banking major UBS has agreed to pay $780 million in fines ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) is all set to come out with merger and acquisition (M&A) norms by ...
Normal operations, including payment and settlement activities in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), are likely to be affected ...
The country's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, sees further softening of interest rates with inflation sliding to a ...
Moody’s Economy.com today said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) could cut interest rates next week as high fiscal deficit ...
Government today said that ever since it launched the agriculture loan waiver scheme, bank advances have gone up while net ...
After remaining weak for three straight days, the Indian rupee appreciated marginally against the US currency in early trade ...
Star Union Dai-Ichi Life Insurance Company Limited, a joint venture life insurance company promoted by Bank of India, Union Bank ...
Lack of easy financing options for rural people in central Uttar Pradesh has affected the growth plans of various auto components ...
The one-day strike called by officers and other employees of Reserve Bank of India on Friday may disrupt normal functioning, ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today said that there is room to cut interest rates further.
India Inc preferred the debt route in the first three quarters of the financial year 2008-09. According to figures from Prime ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has projected a credit potential of Rs 49,960 crore for farm and ...
Geojit Financial Services on Wednesday launched its property services division.
The division
would offer investors and builders a ...
Banks may have to shell out service tax on what they pay an RBI subsidiary, to keep part of their deposits insured.
With the Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) board scheduled to meet on Friday to discuss the proposal of the merger with Federal Bank, ...
State-owned India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL) has registered a 350 per cent rise in net profit for the nine-month ...
General insurers seek Irda nod to increase deductibles.
A Srei Infrastructure Finance-led consortium has bagged the Rs 6,000 crore Light Rail Transit System (LRT), an air-conditioned ...
The zero coupon bond or Bhavishya Nirman bond of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has mobilised Rs ...
The attainment of 100 percent financial inclusion of 14 identified districts in the state has missed the dateline.
The target to ...
State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest public sector bank, would set up about 100 new branches in Orissa to take its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to provide additional information to customers on the usage of cards from ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today said that there was further room to cut interest rates.
Buoyed by significant growth in debt funds, the mutual fund industry's total asset under management in January rose to rose 9.4 ...
Banks may have to shell out service tax on what they pay an RBI subsidiary, to keep part of their deposits insured.
Sliding for the third straight day, the Indian rupee depreciated by another seven paise against the US currency in early trade ...
The Supreme Court has continued its stay on the Debt Recovery Appellate Tribunal’s (DRT) order asking banks to release ...
Falling stock markets and liquidity crunch in 2008 has resulted in a whopping 129 per cent increase in cheque-bouncing cases in ...
Private sector lender, ICICI Bank, lost more than Rs 11 crore due to over 8,000 cases of credit card frauds last year.
The ICICI Group has prepared a succession plan for top-level executives of its subsidiaries.
An expert panel set up by the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) has suggested that non-government ...
State Bank of India’s (SBI’s) decision to freeze home loan interest rates at 8 per cent for a year has stirred a ...
Rates of short-term papers fell by 25 basis points today on expectations that Reserve Bank of India will cut key interest rates ...
To achieve the target, the Mumbai-based bank is planning to open 3,000 branches and hire the same number of people.
The bank is ...
With abundant liquidity in the system and call money rates coming back to normal, primary dealers (PDs) have found no borrowers ...
Almost all public sector banks, barring a handful such as Punjab National Bank, Bank of India and Canara Bank, are in line to get ...
In a bid to improve the transparency in the Indian securitisation market, rating agency Crisil has enhanced disclosure standards ...
Corporate borrowing to turn costly.
Banks in the country have lost Rs 6.57 crore to internet frauds in 233 incidents of cyber crime with Tamil Nadu topping the list ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), Visakhapatnam, is expecting to close the current fiscal with over 40 per cent growth ...
Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp, recipients of $90 billion in bailout funds from American taxpayers, are charging ...
Coffee growers in the state can now buy rainfall insurance from their nearest post office branch.
On Tuesday, Agriculture ...
One of the largest private sector lending institutions ICICI Bank lost more than Rs 11 crore due to over 8,000 cases of credit ...
Banks across the country have lost Rs 6.57 crore to internet frauds in 233 incidents of cyber crime with Tamil Nadu topping the ...
Clearing operations and other transactions were partially affected in around 5,000 branches of State Bank of India's (SBI) six ...
placement basis.
The Indian rupee extended yesterday's weakness and depreciated by another 21 paise against the greenback in early trade today on ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHFL), the country’s second-largest housing finance company, is all set to launch its financial ...
The Supreme Court today allowed debt assignor and assignee banks to represent secured creditors in the meetings of the asset ...
The yields on government bonds moved up sharply today after the government announced a large borrowing programme to fund the ...
Employees of the six associate banks of the State Bank of India (SBI) would go on a nation-wide strike tomorrow for not getting ...
The Indian gem and jewellery industry, hit hard by the global economic slowdown, has voiced concern over the increasing the ...
Indians spend more for overseas education, travel & property.
Citi has appointed Johanna Dee Chua as Chief Economist for Asia Pacific, based in Hong Kong.
Johanna takes over from Yiping Huang ...
The Indian rupee fell marginally by 5 paise against the US currency in early trade today in line with weak trend in Asian ...
Banks in four US states with more than $1 billion in assets were closed in a single day, boosting the toll of seized lenders to ...
Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling said UK banks are best run privately as he tries to calm speculation the government ...
Banks can now open and renew diamond dollar accounts (DDA) without the central bank’s prior approval, the Reserve Bank of ...
The finance ministry may give relief to banks by lowering service tax on their foreign exchange turnover.
Tata Capital, which recently announced raising at least Rs 500 crore through non-convertible debentures (NCDs), hopes to revive ...
All banks in Karnataka have taken adequate steps to assist micro, small and medium enterprises in the state worst affected by the ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India is eyeing a premium income of Rs 1,500 crore in the eastern region by March-end, from ...
Thirteen American banks have collapsed so far this year -- more than half the number of such failures in 2008 -- as the financial ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland is likely to unveil a "brutal" cost-cutting exercise that may lead to a further ...
The plan provides guaranteed benefits on death as well as maturity and has a few unique features, LIC said in a release here ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) will raise Rs 500 crore through the issuance of bonds, with February 18 as the proposed date of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed deposit taking non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) to invest a part of their ...
While banks are wary of lending, they have stepped up investments in government securities and instruments issued by mutual
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it would raise Rs 500 crore through issuance of bonds, with February 18 as the proposed ...
The plan provides guaranteed benefits on death as well as maturity and has a few unique features, LIC said in a release here ...
The Group of Seven, whose finance chiefs convene this weekend in Rome, is ceding its traditional power to rebuild the world ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL), the government-owned financial institution, is reducing the minimum ticket size for ...
"I have favoured revising interest rates downwards," Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council (PMEAC) Chairman Suresh ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would further cut down key policy rates with inflation continuing its downward trend, Punjab ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 11 paise against the US greenback today in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid hopes of ...
As the financial year draws to a close, public sector banks have started shedding non-performing assets (NPAs) through sale to ...
The government plans to recapitalise all weak public sector banks by July, a senior finance ministry official said On Thursday. ...
Merrill Lynch & Co’s top four bonus recipients received a combined $121 million just before the firm was acquired by ...
Citing that they have the responsibility to protect the interests of their minority shareholders, public-sector banks have sought ...
Aviva Life Insurance, a private sector life insurer, is targeting a growth of 35 per cent in the next financial year, Managing ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) On Thursday said that it will take swift, effective measures as appropriate and will continue to ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), the regulator for housing finance companies (HFCs), has initiated a review of the books of the home ...
In an attempt to mitigate the problems faced by the beleaguered diamond industry in Gujarat, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
The yield on government bonds softened on dipping inflation and rising expectations of interest rate cuts by the central bank ...
Sanjay Lalbhai-owned Arvind has defaulted on its interest payments to lenders in January, highlighting the difficult times faced ...
Aviva Life Insurance is targeting a growth of 35 per cent in the next financial year, the company's Managing Director & Chief ...
Chandigarh Press Trust of India Lending rates could further go down by 1 per cent if inflation comes down to a level of 4 per ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has extended financial assistance of Rs 970 crore to the Uttar ...
State-owned banks, which have included free life insurance cover in their special home loan package, have mostly preferred to do ...
In a few months, private sector lender IndusInd Bank may have a new identity.
The move was in line with the repositioning ...
Negotiations on public sector bank wage revision are close to completion with the final contours of the package expected to be ...
SKS Microfinance, one of the country’s leading microfinance companies, has extended life insurance cover to about one ...
The Reserve Bank of India is not looking at conducting special market operations for oil marketing companies (OMCs) for now, ...
Uco, Vijaya, Central Bank of India will see CAR rise above 12%.
The finance ministry sought the views of the Reserve Bank of India to increase the banks’ mandatory lending limit to the ...
Bankers said the credit growth had been flat in the first month of 2009 compared with the same period of 2008.
While public ...
Punjab National Bank Chairman and Managing Director K C Chakraborty has emerged as the frontrunner for the post of the fourth ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s clarification on the modalities of the additional government borrowings resulted in the yield ...
The public sector Uco Bank has introduced a compromise scheme for the defaulting small borrowers having outstanding less than Rs ...
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) has entered into an agreement with Oriental Insurance Company to market insurance ...
The finance ministry sought the views of the RBI to increase the banks mandatory lending limit to the micro, small and medium ...
The government today announced a Rs 3,800-crore fund infusion into state-run lenders -- UCO Bank, Central Bank of India and ...
Credit Suisse Group reported a fourth-quarter net loss Wednesday of 6 billion Swiss francs ($5.61 billion) as both asset ...
The Indian rupee extended its yesterday's weakness and depreciated by another 14 paise against the US currency in early trade ...
LIC Pension Fund, now out of the race to manage pension funds for the unorganised sector, would be happy to manage the funds if ...
Kotak Investment Bank has forged an alliance with GCA Savvian Corporation, Japan’s sixth largest investment bank (by ...
The country’s financial payment and clearing system will once again come to a standstill on February 20 following an ...
Bond yields moved up sharply as the government announced plans to borrow another Rs 46,000 crore by the end of March.
Debt mutual funds continue to have high exposures to realty and non-banking financial companies (NBFCs).
Acknowledging that the credit growth has moderated in a couple of months, Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan today ...
Smart cards have been outsmarted as the country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has come up with a card-less ...
The recovery of outstanding farm loans in cooperative banks has dipped by up to 40 per cent after the introduction of the ...
The Goldman Sachs Group today announced a capital infusion of Rs 370 crore in its wholly-owned, non-banking financial company ...
Plans to start with Rs 500 cr investment.
As the financial year draws to a close, public sector banks have started shedding non-performing assets (NPAs) through sale to ...
HDFC Bank will set up an integrated operations hub in the newly constructed commercial area called Ecospace, built by Ambuja ...
With a view to instill professionalism in the working of the Urban Co-operative Banks (UCBs) and revive the potentially viable ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said that unwinding of excess liquidity would need to be carefully ...
UBS, the embattled Swiss banking giant, today announced it will slash over 2,000 jobs in its investment banking division, ...
The private equity (PE) space is likely to see an increased activity in the coming days, as several PE firms are planning new ...
Allahabad Bank is restructuring and rescheduling loans worth almost Rs 125 crore in Uttar Pradesh as the repayment capacity of ...
Kotak Investment Banking, a leading investment banker, has entered into an alliance with GCA Savvian Corporation, a major ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) employees would go on one-day nation-wide strike on February 20 to press for restoration of ...
Global financial services firm Goldman Sachs today said it has infused Rs 485 crore in its wholly-owned non-banking financial ...
Swiss financial services major UBS will be cutting about 2,000 jobs this year after the entity incurred a huge loss of 8.1 ...
Acknowledging that credit growth had moderated in the past few months, Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan today attributed ...
ICICI bank said that it has appointed NS Kannan as CFO and K Ramkumar as head of operations.
The Indian rupee fell back by 14 paise to 48.71/72 against the greenback in late morning deals due to firm dollar and ...
Most banks turned in good numbers in the December 2008 quarter, with their investment portfolios getting a boost from falling ...
Rupee’s movement in the near-term will be governed by stimulus packages and data from the US rather than the Indian ...
Primary issuances fell today as liquidity with banks continued to remain comfortable and most of them preferred to remain on the ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) today joined three major private banks in appealing against the Gujarat High Court ruling in ...
The six shortlisted pension fund managers would have to manage retirement savings at a fee of 0.09 basis point.
Reaffirms local, foreign currency ratings.
Ruling out any relaxation in the norms for non-performing assets, the Reserve Bank of India today asked banks not to use ...
In order to revive the recession-hit auto sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will soon be issuing a separate guideline, ...
“Our premium growth over the period has been over 20 per cent each.
This year we are targeting Rs 1,75,000 crore (total ...
Tata Capital, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Sons, will continue to hold a conservative view of the real estate sector and not ...
Even as a final decision on the sale of IDBI Home Finance (IHFL) is pending, the mortgage arm of IDBI Bank has sought time until ...
The global financial crisis is forcing the world’s central bankers to surrender some of their prized independence. ...
British financial services major Barclays today posted a marginal decline in net profit at 4.38 billion pounds ($6.5 billion) for ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today said one of its promoter -- Suresh A Kotak has pledged 50,000 shares representing ...
State-owned IDBI Bank has given a Rs 300-crore loan to the fraud-hit Satyam Computer.
The Indian rupee firmed up further by another 10 paise to 48.58/59 against the greenback in early trade on the back of rise in ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are in discussion on additional borrowing programmes and the two together will ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) may be able to start raising resources against commercial paper and non-convertible ...
US taxpayers are being shortchanged by about $78 billion through the Treasury Department’s bank bailout, the panel ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are in discussion on additional borrowing programmes and the two together will ...
In step with global banking trends, the country's second-largest state-owned lender, Punjab National Bank, is expected to ...
The industry collected a total premium of Rs 1,31,400 crore till December 31, 2008, as compared to Rs 1,13,000 crore in the ...
Tata AIG General Insurance is planning to launch a slew of motor insurance products in the next few months.
"Our premium growth over the period has been over 20 per cent each.
This year we are targeting Rs 1,75,000 crore (total ...
Public sector banks have seen a smaller build-up in bad debt during the last nine months, with the increase confined mainly to ...
Three banks, two in California and one in Georgia, were seized by regulators, bringing this year’s tally of closings to ...
The National Stock Exchange, Multi-Commodity Exchange and the Bombay Stock Exchange will soon have a new competitor in the ...
State-owned General Insurance Corporation (GIC) is expecting terror insurance claims worth Rs 700 crore from the two hotels that ...
In December alone, the general insurance premium collections rose 13.88 per cent to Rs 2,612 crore, according to data released by ...
The country’s largest insurer Life Insurance of India (LIC) has raised its stake in diesel and natural gas engines maker ...
While predicting a more difficult next financial year, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today said the government ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) could see higher pressure on their net interest margins (NIMs) in the coming months as they have ...
After three weeks of fall, India’s foreign exchange reserve rose by $990 million to $248.611 billion during the week ended ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) is introducing special loan schemes, offering loans at an interest rate of 8 per cent per annum, ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country’s third largest lender, has launched a global credit card in association with ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), which has been propped up with taxpayers' money, has restructured its board, with seven ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest public sector lender, today said it will install 150 biometric ATM machines ...
Gearing up to face a difficult financial year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will explore all options to maintain ...
Exporters finding it difficult to access foreign currency loans need no longer despair, as the Reserve Bank has raised the ...
The Indian rupee today firmed up further by nearly four paise to 48.73/74 in the early trade due to recovery in stock markets ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has worked out the roadmap for the Indian banks to graduate from the simpler approaches of the ...
Nomura Holdings, the largest Japanese securities firm, launched its equity sales, trading and investment banking operations in ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank may cut its interest rates further if inflation continues to fall, Chairman K C Chakrabarty said ...
Premium rates for fire, engineering and motor policies may rise in the coming months as non-life insurance companies are ...
Almost a year after the failed attempt to rope in a strategic partner in IFCI, the government has started playing a more ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) are increasingly looking at promoter funding as a business opportunity when others are shying away ...
Primary issuance fell today because banks had raised significant amount of funds this week and also as mutual funds received ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), India’s second largest public sector bank, has implemented the Finacle Universal Banking ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) today said that the recovery process has slowed down due to the ...
According to a Fitch report on Indian Structured Finance, rating actions taken up to January 31 showed that 36 PTCs have been ...
The Saraswat Co-operative Bank Ltd (SCBL)-the largest multi-state co-op bank in the country, has decided to curtail 65 employees ...
Government bonds fell, pushing yields to the highest in almost two months, on speculation that investors are selling the ...
The central bank has, however, not extended the deadline for completing the restructuring process.
So, banks will have to ...
Goldman Sachs Group and Morgan Stanley, the two biggest securities firms before they converted into banks last year, will repay ...
BoE given powers to spend up to $73 bn on bonds, commercial paper.
The list of possible victims of an estimated $50-billion Madoff scam was made public today, which includes a number of big names ...
Japanese Banking major, Nomura Holdings has launched its equity sales, trading and investment banking operations in India through ...
Financial services major Deutsche Bank has reported a net loss of euro 4.8 billion ($6.17 billion) in the fourth quarter of 2008, ...
State-run Power Finance Corporation (PFC) is likely to miss loan disbursement target of Rs 19,300 crore in the current fiscal as ...
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it would cut rates again if the rate of inflation eases further.
The rupee moved up by two paise to 48.79/80 against the US $ in early trade today on mild selling of dollars from banks.
At a time when corporate India has seen its net profits shrink by 24 per cent, banks have reported a 43.83 per cent net profit ...
State-run IDBI Bank today said that it expects to sell its Pune-based home loan subsidiary IDBI Home Finance (IHFL) by the end of ...
Camden Fine’s nightmare is a Bank of America or Citibank branch on every corner.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has estimated the total exposure of Indian banks and foreign lenders operating in India to Satyam ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) has disbursed nearly Rs 2,120 crore to housing finance companies (HFCs) out of the Rs 4,000-crore ...
Expecting a large amount of restructuring in the loan portfolio dealing with small and medium enterprises, banks have approached ...
Primary issuances rose today as mutual funds expected rates for short-term papers to fall further post vote-on-account, dealers ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is expecting to put in place the draft guidelines for mergers and ...
In a bid to broad base the selection process for the appointment of the fourth deputy governor of Reserve Bank of India, the ...
The proposal to allow foreign reinsurance companies to open a branch in India is currently under consideration in the Parliament ...
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank is planning to close the current financial year with a total business of Rs 35,000 crore compared ...
The Reserve Bank of India today asked banks to hedge the freight risk of domestic oil refining companies and shipping companies ...
Anticipating a dip in credit delivery by cooperative credit institutions, the Centre has asked public sector banks to lend about ...
The rupee closed at the highest level in more than two weeks as stock gains fueled optimism that risk aversion would wane and ...
Public sector lender Bank of India said it has raised Rs 400 crore through perpetual bonds.
State-run IDBI Bank today said it expects to sell its Pune-based home loan subsidiary IDBI Home Finance (IHFL) by the end of this ...
Feb 4 (PTI) HSBC today said it may look at acquisition of some product businesses of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) in Asia if ...
The Indian rupee appreciated 19 paise against the US currency today in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid expectations ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) has slashed lending rates for new borrowers by 100 basis points across various loan categories.
Home ...
Public sector Punjab National Bank (PNB) will distribute about 25,000 bio-metric cards by next month to the economically weaker ...
Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) has reported a 59 per cent jump in its net profit for the nine months ended ...
The Supreme Court today stayed the judgement of the National Consumer Commission, which had capped the interest rate chargeable ...
Lehman Brothers, the banking major which collapsed into bankruptcy under huge obligations, has surprisingly become the hottest ...
The Reserve Bank of India has cancelled the licence of Maharashtra-based Sadhana Co-operative Bank following insolvency of the ...
In an effort to support the country’s financial inclusion programme, Financial Information Network & Operations (FINO) ...
Offered signing bonuses of as much as 260% of revenue they brought in the previous year.
Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland’s second-largest bank, plans to cut bonuses for investment bankers by about 55 per cent ...
Mumbai-based ASK Group, an equity research and portfolio management service provider, is planning to raise its total assets under ...
Rating agency Fitch has downgraded IDBI Bank’s individual rating to ‘D’ from ‘C/D’ and also its Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked public sector banks to enhance credit flow to fund-starved micro, small and medium ...
A device similar to ATMs has been developed to mobilise savings of low-income groups in rural areas by banks and micro-finance ...
Karnataka Bank today said it planned to open 15 more new branches in South India during this current fiscal.
The Supreme Court today stayed the judgement of the National Consumer Commission which had capped the interest chargeable on ...
The Indian rupee strengthened by 12 paise against the US currency today in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid hopes of ...
Six public sector banks, including State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank, have provided a refinance facility of Rs 5,000 ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) will now merge its primary dealership subsidiary PNB Gilts with self instead of selling the company, a ...
The 10-year bonds gained on speculation yields at the highest level in three weeks attracted investors.
Central Bank of India is planning to raise Rs 500-600 crore through Tier-I and Tier-II bonds this year in order to boost its ...
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has received approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to acquire Pune-based Shree ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has increased the prudential inter-bank exposure limit for the urban cooperative banks (UCBs) to ...
CDs fetch higher returns than other money market instruments.
Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) has tied up with Chennai-based Star Health and Allied Insurance Company to offer free ...
Public sector lenders led by State Bank of India (SBI) today said they will look at further interest rate cuts.
SBI chairman O P ...
Banks may not be reducing their prime lending rates (PLR), but they are selectively lowering interest rates for specific segments ...
The reinsurance company has said that its international business will be the driver for the growth and to strengthen the ...
While motor accounted for 50 per cent of the company’s portfolio, health made up for Rs 550 crore in 2007-08 and this ...
The regulator is also setting up a data warehouse for the management of health insurance claims.
The Indian manufacturing sector indices have shown some signs of recovery in January but remain at near historically low levels ...
Lehman Brothers may separate its illiquid assets and put them in charge of two standalone companies, and under the plan, the ...
Within a month of cutting the benchmark lending rate by 75 basis points, the country's largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), ...
Lehman Brothers, the banking major which collapsed into bankruptcy under huge obligations, has surprisingly become the hottest ...
Public sector banks today assured the government they would reduce interest rates in the backdrop of falling bank deposit rates, ...
The Royal Bank of Scotland Group (RBS) today announced the appointment of Shiv Gupta as the head of its private clients business ...
Insurance Development and Regulatory Authority (IRDA) had set up two committees which will work on level of disclosure by ...
Chennai-based public sector bank Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has received approval from the Reserve Bank of India to acquire ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by 20 paise against the US currency in early trade today as weak trend in Asian equities raised ...
Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank is planning to increase its capital to Rs 3,000 crore by 2014-15 from the current Rs 500 crore. ...
The latest move of the country’s largest public sector bank, State Bank of India (SBI), to freeze its new home loan rates ...
Chennai-based public sector bank Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) will join hands with Bank of Baroda (BoB)and Andhra Bank to start ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has turned down suggestions to relax rules for recognising non-performing assets (NPAs) by ...
Bank of America Corp is deferring payment of 2008 bonuses of $50,000 or more at its capital markets and investment banking units ...
Central Bank of India (CBI) will focus on retail loans in order to improve its credit deposit (CD) ratio, which is about 40 per ...
The All India State Bank Officers’ Federation (AISBOF) has threatened to go on an indefinite strike, ahead of the year-end ...
External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee, who is handling the finance portfolio, will meet top executives of PSU banks tomorrow ...
Looking to capitalise on its vast network of insurance agents, growing by lakhs every year, country's top life insurer Life ...
According to a media report, Insurance companies in the country have posted an increase of 34.42 per cent in the last one year.
State Bank of India Chairman Om Prakash Bhatt told Sidhartha that the offer should help boost demand in the two sectors that have ...
Happy days are here again for home buyers as the bank freezes the rate for a year.
Liquidity injected by the Indian government and the central bank has not reached the cash-starved industry and consumers, posing ...
HDFC ERGO General Insurance is will recruit 500 staffs and increase its agent network five times next fiscal, as it plans to ...
Two public sector lenders, Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), have posted over 80 per cent increase ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve fell by $4.56 billion to $247.62 billion during the week-ended January 23, 2009 mainly due ...
The moderation in credit offtake and the deployment of resources to mop up government securities seem to have slowed down the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday issued draft guidelines to regulate prepaid payment instruments (PPIs).
The latest round of interest rate cuts began today with Punjab National Bank (PNB) and IndusInd Bank announcing reductions in ...
Chennai-based Cholamandalam DBS Finance Ltd has reported a net loss of Rs 50 crore during the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Chennai-based Non Banking Finance Company (NBFC) Sundaram Finance Ltd has reported a 74 per cent drop in the net profit for the ...
Tata Group's financial services venture Tata Capital will enter the capital market on February 2 with a public issue of secured ...
A weak credit market and a slowdown in the country’s project financing activities have taken a toll on the infrastructure ...
Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) is planning to raise Rs 140 crore to strengthen its tier-II capital by March, said VS Reddy, ...
Gains from treasury operations on the back of falling yields, write-back of provisions and improved net interest incomes (NII) ...
Public sector lender, Dena Bank, on Thursday said that it has sought a support of Rs 500 crore from the government to bolster its ...
Long-term bond funds are poised to deliver good returns this year on the back of softening interest rates and present themselves ...
Ulips still top list of product filings with Irda.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 206.01 crore to the Andhra Pradesh government ...
Cash credit at 7 per cent interest, a single-window system, cash-for-produce guarantee and an insurance cover — all these ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has extended the time for customer and inter-bank transactions to use Real Time Gross Settlement ...
Tata Capital, the non-banking finance company (NBFC) of the Tata Group, said on Thursday that it has plans to raise at least Rs ...
In the 2008-09 Budget, the government had set a target of Rs 2,80,000 crore for agriculture credit.
With the debt waiver scheme, ...
The Reserve Bank of India is formulating guidelines that would allow government-owned banks get into the private equity (PE) ...
The corporate bond market is on a roll, finally.
Data from the Securities and Exchange Board of India show a surge in trading ...
Addressing a press conference here today, the bank's CMD R S Reddy said the profit in the third quarter is increased by 33.74 per ...
Private-sector lender Karur Vysya Bank today said its net profit in the December quarter grew 27.61 per cent at Rs 59.25 crore ...
Public-sector lender Dena Bank today said its net profit in the third quarter grew 38.87 per cent at Rs 140.36 crore as compared ...
Bank lending has seen a drop during the fortnight where the lending stood at Rs 13,837.24 crore in the 14 days ending January 16, ...
The National  Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned a loan to the tune of Rs 206.01 crore to ...
Continuing its strength for the third day, the Indian rupee improved further by 5 paise against the US currency today in early ...
Infrastructure management services company Appnomic Systems has secured Rs 20 crore in funding from venture capital firm Norwest ...
Three more standalone health insurers are likely to join the race for grabbing a chunk of the general insurance pie.
Following the Satyam scandal, bankers expect more intense scrutiny by auditors on classification of loan accounts as standard or ...
Bankers have conveyed their concerns over a rise in non-performing assets along with possible attempts at diversion of funds from ...
Mumbai-based real estate firm Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL) said it was in talks with banks to restructure as ...
Reflecting the aversion of banks to lend and a drop in demand, fresh flow of bank loans has witnessed a decline in the first ...
On December 15, the public sector banks had announced lower interest rates on home loans up to Rs 20 lakh following government ...
Changes in Sebi norms have also slowed down demand for short-term paper.
The National Bank for Agriculture & Rural Development has sanctioned a loan of Rs 124.25 crore to the Punjab government under ...
With the rising cost of health cover, insurance companies are looking at innovative products to attract customers.
The latest ...
Banking sector-dedicated funds with 4.05 per cent negative average returns were the worst performing scheme categories in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has various tools, including open market operations, to help ensure smooth conduct of ...
Insurance companies are betting big on the online medium in a bid to augment the facilities offered to customers.
And cashing in ...
Public sector lender Dena Bank today said it has raised Rs 200 crore from bonds through private placement to augment resources ...
Global banking major BNP Paribas has hiked its stake in Geojit Financial Services to 34.33 per cent following an open offer and ...
Public sector enterprise Bank of Maharashtra posted a net profit of Rs 120.66 crore during the quarter ended December 31, 2008, ...
The Indian rupee appreciated 12 paise against the US currency today in early trade on expectations of a rise in the domestic ...
Muthoot Capital Services registered a 7 per cent growth in its third quarter net profit to Rs 1.29 crore from Rs 1.21 crore in ...
Mangalore-headquartered Corporation Bank on Tuesday reported a 34.3 per cent jump in its net profit to Rs 256.4 crore for the ...
Public sector lender Central Bank of India on Tuesday said its net profit in the December quarter grew 75.74 per cent to Rs ...
Serpentine queues were seen outside the branch of Memon Co-Operative Bank here today, following rumours that the ...
The Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU), the government agency responsible for monitoring possible money laundering transactions, ...
Public sector banks will have to provide for around Rs 12,000 crore to account for pension liabilities, according to rough ...
Bank of India, a state-run lender, said it has revived its plan to sell Rs 400 crore worth bonds, after being forced to abandon ...
The improved liquidity conditions and extra government borrowings to fund the stimulus package have reversed the trend of drop in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) On Tuesday extended the tenure for two refinance facilities, including one to provide support to ...
Yes, inflation is coming down and it will come down further.
It is a concern that it is coming down so fast.
We expect the ...
The third quarter review of monetary policy 2008-09 has forecast a stable external balance of payment situation, thus stating the ...
Industrial, services sectors to pull down GDP growth to 7%; inflation may fall to 3% by March.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in its third quarter monetary policy review, has highlighted the need for the central and the ...
India Inc has expressed disappointment over the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) decision not to change repo and ...
Finance companies are keeping their fingers crossed regarding the structure of the proposed special purpose vehicle (SPV) for ...
Amid the growing perception that depositors are withdrawing funds from private and foreign banks and are instead parking them ...
Bangalore-based private sector lender, ING Vysya Bank, has reported 21.7 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 52.05 crore for ...
State Bank of India, Visakhapatnam, is focusing on low-cost deposits during this fiscal to meet its target of collecting over Rs ...
Uco, Lakshmi Vilas agree; others say cost of deposits needs to soften further.
IndBank Merchant Banking Services Limited, the Chennai-based merchant banking subsidiary of Indian Bank, is planning to open 30 ...
Hinting at some interest rate cuts in the near future, State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today said that though ...
Kolkata-based Uco Bank has decided to slash its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) and deposit rates by 0.5 per cent effective ...
Bank of India (BoI) today said it would raise about Rs 200 crore from a bond issue that will open tomorrow for private placement.
Mangalore-headquartered public sector lender, Corporation Bank, today reported 34.3 per cent jump in its net profit at Rs 256.4 ...
Japanese financial services major Nomura today reported a net loss of 342.9 billion yen ($3.8 billion) in the third quarter, ...
India Inc has expressed disappointment over Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) decision to not change repo and reverse repo rate ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its third quarter review of the Monetary Policy 2008-09, kept the key interest rates ...
The global financial meltdown is significantly changing the growth dynamics of the Indian banking sector.
The Reserve Bank India today said the financial condition of the states and the Centre may fail to show improvement in 2008-09 as ...
Small-scale industries and non-banking finance companies have seen a sharp drop in fresh bank loans as lenders are wary of ...
Recent Cenvat rate cut will lead to a general reduction in price levels.
Forecasters’ survey puts GDP growth at 6.8% in the current financial year, 6.3% next year.
Andhra Bank expects an overall business growth of 23 per cent in the eastern region by the end of this fiscal.
Barclays Plc jumped the most in at least two decades of London trading after saying it won’t need funding from the ...
Financial services major Barclays today said it will write down 8 billion pound relating to credit market exposures in Barclays ...
Kharif foodgrains production at 115.3 million tonnes, as per the first advance estimates, is likely to be lower by around five ...
This reduced its relative contribution to the real GDP growth, the Reserve Bank of India said today.
Barclays PLC said Monday it expects pre-tax profits of over 5.3 billion pounds ($7.3 billion) for the full year 2008 despite ...
Dutch financial services major ING today said it would slash as many as 7,000 employees globally as part of its cost-cutting ...
According to the RBI report, India's economy may grow at its weakest pace in five years in the current fiscal year, ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is all set to pump in an additional over Rs 4,000 crore (about $1 billion) in the ...
Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Limited, a venture between Allahabad Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Karnataka Bank, Dabur ...
The Centre along with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has extended credit to the tune of Rs 7,200 crore to Small Industries and ...
Andhra Bank expects an overall business growth of 23 per cent in the eastern region by the end of this fiscal.
Chennai-based IndBank Merchant Banking Services, a subsidiary of Public-sector lender Indian Bank, is planning to open 30 ...
As a part of its technological modernisation initiative, the public sector Andhra Bank will cover all the branches in Orissa ...
Unwilling to divest in a hurry its holding in dividend-paying blue chip companies, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) ...
Private sector Dhanalakshmi Bank has successfully wooed several senior professionals from various banks and corporate houses to ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private sector lender, reported a 39.29 per cent rise in consolidated net profit to Rs ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, today reported a 51 per cent rise in consolidated net profit for the ...
Indiabulls Financial Services today said its consolidated net profit for the third quarter ended December 31 declined nearly 58 ...
Shriram Transport Finance Company has reported a 34 per cent increase in the net profit during the third quarter ended December ...
GIC Housing Finance today posted a drop of 33 per cent in net profit at Rs 10 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2008 as ...
Former Reserve Bank of India deputy governor V Leeladhar may join Tata Capital, a non-banking finance company of Tata group, ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell for the next time in a row by $2.58 billion to $ 252.18 billion in the week ended ...
The seven banks, which announced their results today, showed a rise in NII in the range of 20-135 per cent during the quarter ...
Battered Citigroup is considering restructuring its board after the departure of long time members Kenneth Derr and Franklin ...
PSU major Union Bank today said it proposes to open 500 new branches over the next six months.
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell for the next time in a row by $2.58 billion to $252.18 billion in the week ended ...
Bangalore-based private sector lender, ING Vysya Bank, today reported 21.7 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 52.05 crore for ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender, Karnataka Bank, today reported 29.2 per cent jump in its net profit at Rs 89.2 crore for ...
Syndicate Bank today said its net profit for the third quarter ended December 31, rose 29 per cent at Rs 352.38 crore as against ...
State-run IDBI Bank today reported a 26.61 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 222.63 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
State-run Canara Bank plans to open ten overseas branches and offices, its Chairman and Managing Director A C Mahajan said today.
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today said its net profit for the third quarter of the current fiscal grew 84.03 per ...
The Indian rupee moved in line with the local stocks, which recovered after opening slightly down, at appreciated to 49.12/13 ...
To focus on the domestic market.
Representatives of four multinational banks met the newly-installed six-member board at Satyam Computer Services today to discuss ...
Axis Bank, one of the leading private banks in the country, will focus on improving the credit-deposit (CD) ratio in Orissa.
Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) has proposed a 10 per cent wage hike to bank employees, a source from the banks’ body ...
With real estate prices moving southwards, several banks and financial institutions are buying their own properties and shifting ...
The company had registered a net loss of Rs 11.08 crore in the year-ago period, Future Capital Holdings said in a filing to the ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 64 per cent decline in its net profit to Rs 130.9 crore for the quarter ended December 2008 ...
Public sector lender Bank of India (BoI) today posted a jump of 70.41 per cent in its net profit for the third quarter ended ...
State-run Bank of India (BOI) today said it has a non-fund based exposure of Rs 215 crore to the Raju-family owned Maytas Infra, ...
Only 15 per cent are active users.
The government is likely to infuse Rs 700 crore in UCO Bank even as the bank plans to raise another Rs 700 crore through bonds ...
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 64 per cent decline in its profit after tax (PAT) at Rs 130.90 crore ...
Max New York Life Insurance has announced a strategic partnership with 3i Infotech to market its Max Vijay Insurance Savings box ...
Bank of India today said it posted a net profit of Rs 872.17 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2008, as compared Rs ...
Citigroup Inc says board member Richard Parsons, the former CEO of Time Warner will soon be taking over as chairman.
The Indian rupee appreciated 21 paise against the US currency today in early trade on dollar selling by banks and exporters amid ...
Defying the current turmoil in the banking sector in the West, public sector lender Punjab National Bank plans to expand its ...
LIC estimates Rs 9,000 cr collection against projected Rs 25,000 crore.
Primary issuance declined today because mutual funds refrained from investing in short-term money market instruments on limited ...
Falling bond yields have boosted bank profits in the December 2008 quarter.
UCO Bank has reported a 107.33 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 171.63 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, as ...
HDFC, the country’s largest housing finance company, today reported a 15.73 per cent decline in its third quarter net ...
Dewan Housing bid below advisor’s valuation; high exposure posing problems.
Foreign direct investment in developing nations will drop by $180 billion, or 31 per cent, this year as a global recession ...
French President Nicolas Sarkozy agreed to provide a further ¤10.5 billion ($13.5 billion) in aid to the country’s ...
Barclays Plc, the UK bank that turned down government funding last year, declined for a seventh straight day in London trading on ...
State-run UCO Bank today reported a two-fold growth in net profit at Rs 171.63 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Yes Bank, the country's new age private sector bank, has posted a net profit of Rs 105.7 crore for the quarter ended December 31, ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) today recorded a 15.73 per cent decline in its net profit at Rs 546.83 crore for ...
With a view to strengthen its distribution, LIC Housing Finance (LICHFL) plans to launch a financial services subsidiary this ...
The rupee today depreciated further by 9 paise against the greenback in early trade on the dollar gaining strength against some ...
Government bonds declined the most in more than a week as concerns mounted that debt supply will increase after an official said ...
After mopping up over Rs 2,500 crore in the first two days, the state-owned India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL) is ...
Insuring your car?
Get your eyes checked and your education certificates in order.
With tariffs open to free pricing, general ...
Issuance of six-month certificates of deposit (CDs) by banks rose On Tuesday on rising demand from mutual funds for these papers, ...
Weak sentiment in domestic market, global banking woes put pressure on the currency.
Reliance Capital On Tuesday posted a 11.34 per cent rise in its third quarter consolidated net profit to Rs 131.54 crore, thanks ...
LIC Housing Finance has reported a 26.70 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 134.33 crore for the quarter ended December 31, ...
Commercial vehicle finance companies have sought more sops from the Reserve Bank of India, including halving the risk weights for ...
Tata Capital, IIFCL line up debenture issues.
Compared with the disappointing results coming in for manufacturing and services firms, headline numbers for banks in the ...
Before investing, do the calculations properly.
LIC Housing Finance has posted 26.7 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs  134.33 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
Dewan Housing Finance has emerged as the front-runner to buy IDBI Bank's home finance subsidiary, IDBI Home Finance, having put ...
The rupee today depreciated by 23 paise against the greenback in early trade as the dollar strengthened against some regional ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc said it may post a loss of as much as £28 billion ($41 billion), the biggest ever reported ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) registered an impressive 215 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 260.86 crore in the third quarter ...
State Bank of Mysore, the Bangalore-based public sector bank, has reported a 2.5 times growth in its third quarter net profit to ...
Allahabad Bank today reported a 1.21 per cent increase in its third quarter net profit to Rs 369.47 crore as against Rs 365.05 ...
The country’s largest private lender ICICI Bank today said that interest rates are expected to come down in the next ...
Despite the gloom in the real estate market, corporate houses such as the Tatas and Anil Ambani’s Reliance group are ...
Primary issuance fell on Monday because banks offered lower rates on comfortable liquidity in the banking system, dealers said.
State Bank of India, LIC, UTI in race to become fund managers.
Financial services major UBS Investment Bank today said it has entered into an agreement with crises-ridden insurance major ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has floated the country's first asset reconstruction company focussing on ...
State Bank of Mysore recorded a 157 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 182.58 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, ...
State-run Dena Bank has decided to restructure the loans given to SMEs, which will involve deferring the installment payment ...
The country's largest private lender ICICI Bank today said that interest rates are expected to come down in the next ...
Allahabad Bank recorded a marginal increase in net profit at Rs 369.46 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2008 as compared ...
Sun Life Insurance (BSLI), an Aditya Birla Group company, has been selected to partner a 4.6 million pounds development project ...
L&T Infrastructure Finance Company (L&T Infra) has reduced L&T Infra Prime Lending Rate (PLR) by 0.75% or 75 basis ...
The Indian rupee appreciated further by 15 paise against the US currency today in early trade on weak dollar and hopes of firm ...
HDFC Bank, the country’s second largest private bank, has decided to lower interest rates on retail loans by up to 200 ...
President-elect Barack Obama is likely to back a financial-rescue effort that channels capital to banks and deals with troubled ...
In a major relief to auto-loan seekers, the country's second largest private sector lender, HDFC Bank, has decided to slash ...
With inflation declining sharply in recent weeks and slowing demand, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may signal softer interest ...
Time and again, big banks such as Citigroup Inc. argued that irrational and seized-up markets, not the woeful state of their ...
The Reserve Bank of India will work out the modalities of the government’s extra borrowing for current financial year in ...
Stake in private banks increases marginally.
India’s foreign exchange reserve declined by $481 million to $254.76 billion in the week ended January 9, 2009 mainly due ...
Federal Bank has registered 98.11 per cent increase in its Q3 net profit at Rs 203.89 crore against Rs 102.92 crore in the same ...
Housing Development and Finance Corporation (HDFC), the country’s largest housing sector lender, today slashed its home ...
Bank of America Corp, the largest US bank by assets, posted its first loss since 1991 and cut the dividend after receiving ...
Stock rises after company announces split.
In its fourth-quarter earnings review, Citi estimated its total net credit losses (NCL), or the monetised value of bad debt, from ...
India stands top among South Asian countries in pension coverage to its older people, according to a joint report by the World ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve declined by $481 million to $254.76 billion in the week ended January 9, 2009, mainly due ...
Financial service provider Citigroup today said its Asia operations suffered a loss of $371 million for the fourth quarter in ...
Ailing US banking giant Citigroup today reported a fourth-quarter net loss of $8.29 billion or $1.72 per share, wider than market ...
The country's top housing finance provider HDFC today announced a lower interest rate of 9.75 per cent for new loans up to Rs 30 ...
Federal Bank today reported a 98% increase in net profit at Rs 203.89 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2008, as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may not go in for key policy rate cuts in its quarterly policy review slated for January 23, said ...
UCO Bank today said it will raise Rs 1,400 crore from debt in the next three months.
The Indian rupee appreciated 26 paise against the US currency today in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid hopes of firm ...
Bankers On Thursday told the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that they may not be able to reduce deposit rates substantially as they ...
This is 28.57 percent higher than Rs 8944.2 crore projected for 2008-09. Earlier, Nabard had assessed the potential linked credit ...
Bank of America Corp, the biggest US bank by assets, may get more aid from the government to help absorb losses tied to this ...
Capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), which was investigating insider trading charges against ...
Bajaj Finserv On Thursday reported a net profit of Rs 12.29 crore for the December quarter, as against a loss of Rs 50.76 crore ...
Recovery of bad debts in corporate portfolio helped the bank to offload a substantial portion of its non-performing assets (NPAs) ...
Call rate hits a low of 2.25 per cent, banks flush with funds.
With domestic companies not going for big-ticket overseas acquisitions, outward foreign direct investment (FDI) grew 5.4 per cent ...
Acknowledging customer complaints on delay in collection of dollar-denominated cheques, the Reserve Bank of India asked all urban ...
Funds being used to meet working capital needs: Bankers.
We are in the midst of a crisis caused by so many financial institutions borrowing too much money.
Somehow, a critical mass of ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) cut its benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points to two per cent today, matching a record low, ...
The bank said that the quarterly profit was mainly contributed by a 62 per cent growth in fee-based income at Rs 133 crore during ...
The Indian rupee recovered partly of its early losses but remained 18 paise lower against the US currency in late morning trade ...
Reliance Capital has got the regulatory approval to set up a housing finance company (HFC) and a non-banking finance company ...
Irda yet to decide on easing single company investment limit.
With the initiative of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the state-level banker committee (SLBC) in Uttarakhand today held a ...
Vikram Pandit is unraveling his empire to save his bank.
Citigroup Inc’s chief executive officer said on Tuesday that he ...
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany’s biggest bank, reported a record loss of about ¤4.8 billion($6.3 billion) in the fourth ...
Don’t “waste this crisis.” “Learn from it!” This was the message Governor D Subbarao gave to ...
Rates on one-year certificates of deposits (CDs) fell 10-15 basis points On Wednesday because demand for such papers from mutual ...
HDFC Bank, the country’s second largest private sector lender, On Wednesday said its net profit rose 44.81 per cent during ...
Financial services major Barclays will reduce its headcount by about 2,100 in investment banking and money management, as part of ...
Showing its solidarity with the staff of troubled Satyam Computer, the country's top private sector lender ICICI Bank today said ...
Deutsche Bank, Germany's largest bank, today said it expected to incur a massive loss of nearly euro 5 billion in the fourth ...
Kolkata-based SBI Home Finance has reported 4.69 per cent increases in loss.
Financial services major Barclays is to reduce its headcount by about 2,100 in investment banking and money management, as part ...
HDFC Bank today reported 44.8% rise in Q3 net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2008 at Rs 621.74 crore when compared ...
The Indian rupee appreciated 22 paise against the US currency today in early trade after ending at a five-week low of 49.12/14 ...
Emerging nations — Brazil, Russia, India and China — have witnessed a 20 per cent decline in loans taken by companies ...
National Housing Bank (NHB) has sought details from housing finance companies (HFCs) about their exposure to Satyam Computer ...
Bank of Baroda is eyeing credit growth of close to 29 per cent on a year-on-year basis during 2008-09, Chairman and Managing ...
At a time when public sector banks (PSBs) are gaining market share, the country’s largest information technology company, ...
Issuance of certificates of deposit rose On Tuesday because banks increased their placements for refinancing redemption of CDs ...
The special refinance facility for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) is likely to be made available to more than 50
Small and medium enterprises (SME) sector created a big bang at the Fourth Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors’ Summit, where ...
Reserve Bank of India is not likely to cut key policy rates or cash reserve ratio soon, Om Prakash Bhatt, chairman, State Bank of ...
Financial services major Bank of America, which acquired Merrill Lynch recently, is considering to slash about 1,900 jobs from ...
Global meltdown has motivated 60 per cent of salaried employees to go in for government owned banks for safer investment purposes ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest public sector lender, today signed an MoU with the Gujarat government to create ...
The Indian rupee recovered after a weak start and was trading marginally higher against the greenback in late morning trade today ...
Anshu Jain, who helped generate about half of Deutsche Bank AG’s earnings in 2007 as co-head of investment banking, is ...
Citigroup Inc may book a gain of as much as $10 billion by selling control of its brokerage to Morgan Stanley, helping to ...
General insurers to seek regulator’s approval this week for product launch.
ICICI Bank that pioneered 12-hour banking (8 am to 8 pm) in the country, is gradually cutting down its business hours in
The pension regulator today sought bids from banks, non-banking finance companies and those entities which are regulated by the ...
Dewan Housing Finance is likely to bag IDBI Home Finance, the wholly-owned housing finance subsidiary of state-run IDBI Bank.
Hit by the global meltdown, the micro and small enterprises (MSEs) in Punjab have demanded a relaxation in the rate of interest ...
SBI has Rs 500 cr exposure; ICICI Bank has joint venture.
Issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) fell today as mutual fund houses — the major investors in such papers — ...
With four rate cuts from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the last four months, bank fixed deposit (FD) rates are beginning to ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will ask companies to disclose their Ulip (unit-linked insurance plans) ...
Financial services provider Citigroup is under pressure from Federal Banking regulators for shuffling its board, including the ...
South Indian Bank’s (SIB) net Profit for the third quarter ended December 2008 reached Rs 54.20 crore, as compared to Rs ...
Australian banking major ANZ Bank is reviewing the impact of its exposure to Indian software exporter Satyam Computer Services ...
The Indian rupee today fell by 26 paise against the US dollar in early trade owing to heavy capital outflow by foreign funds amid ...
Morgan Stanley may pay Citigroup Inc as much as $3 billion for control of a venture that would combine their brokerage units and ...
Axis Bank, which kicked off the third quarter results season by reporting a 63 per cent rise in net profit, is bracing for
Making cash payments at bank counters to settle your credit card dues is getting expensive.
Banks are increasingly lapping up the scheme for taking over loans taken by farmers from moneylenders.
Employees of the beleaguered Satyam Computer Services are now finding it difficult to get personal loans or pay back equated ...
Satyam Computer’s $75 million Directors and Officers (D&O) insurance is unlikely to provide a cover against claims ...
P J Nayak will step down as Axis Bank’s chairman & CEO from August after a nine-and-a-half years stint with the the ...
The Union Cabinet has approved liquidity support for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) through a subsidiary of state-run ...
The need for terror insurance following the Mumbai attacks has prompted general insurance companies to introduce mid-term terror ...
The Union Cabinet today approved liquidity support for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) through a subsidiary of state-run ...
Bharat Forge On Friday decided to call off its issuance of non-convertible debentures (NCD) worth Rs 400 crore due to the weak ...
Buoyed by a hefty growth in fees and trading incomes, the country’s third largest private sector lender Axis Bank On Friday ...
India Post, the agency with the widest reach, has decided against being one of the points of presence (POP) for the new pension ...
P J Nayak will step down as Axis Bank's chairman & CEO from August after a nine-and-a-half year stint with the the bank.
Vijaya Bank has announced a reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) from 13.25 per cent to 12.75 per cent with effect ...
Axis Bank, the country's third largest private sector lender, has reported a 63.23 per cent jump in its net profit at Rs 500.86 ...
The Union Cabinet today approved a liquidity facility for non-banking finance companies (NBFC) through a subsidiary of state-run ...
The Indian rupee continued to trade in tandem with local stocks and breached the crucial 49-level in early trade today as weak ...
Rupee today depreciated by 42 paise against the greenback in early trade on increased dollar demand from importers and capital ...
National bank for agriculture and rural development (Nabard) is planning to provide more funds for the infrastructure development ...
To improve the flow of credit to industrial clusters and facilitate their all round development, 15 banks operating in Orissa ...
The fraud at Satyam, which has put the role of it auditors Price Waterhouse under scanner, may affect the firm’s reputation ...
Auditing firm Price Waterhouse is likely to face a reprimand from the Reserve Bank of India for its alleged involvement in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sought data from banks, which have direct or indirect loan and equity exposure to Satyam ...
The Bank of England (BOE) cut the benchmark interest rate to the lowest since the central bank was founded in 1694 as policy ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc said it’s considering joining UBS AG and Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-Shing in selling Bank ...
Troubled lender Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), which has been bailed out by the UK government, is considering sale of its about ...
At a time when most sectors, including the manufacturing sector, have frozen or cut down recruitments and expansion plans, the ...
Public sector player Bank of India (BoI) is in talks with Credit Agricole, a French bank, and BBVA, the Spanish financial ...
Even as financial institutions worldwide are announcing job cuts to survive the economic slowdown, Allahabad Bank, a leading ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s draft guidelines on classification of commercial real estate exposure of banks may provide some ...
Bank of America Corp sold $2.8 billion of China Construction Bank Corp shares to replenish capital after completing the biggest ...
ICICI Pridential Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between ICICI bank and UK based Prudential plc, will focus on enhancing ...
His spirit broken by financial fears, German billionaire Adolf Merckle took his own life this week, becoming the latest ...
Banks, which are believed to have exposure to the beleaguered IT major, Satyam Computer Services, today said that they would look ...
Emerging-market currencies are poised for further losses as recessions force wealthier nations to rein in overseas investment, ...
A banking industry official said On Wednesday that the government is not buying back gilts under Market Stabilisation Scheme ...
The sharp rise in yields of government bonds on the “surprise” announcement about the extra market borrowing ...
Barclays is to slash 408 IT jobs across Britain, the banking group said in a statement today as it seeks a more efficient ...
Three major Indian lenders -- Bank of Baroda, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank -- which have dealings with the troubled IT-major Satyam ...
Canara Bank today said it has raised Rs 325 crore by way of lower tier-II bonds of 10 years maturity at a coupon rate of 8.08 per ...
Firm equity markets amid sustained capital inflows helped the Indian rupee recover sharply by 32 paise to 48.37/38 against the US ...
You may soon have a common number to operate multiple bank accounts, if a proposal mooted by the government is implemented by ...
Financial services major, Credit Suisse today said that it has infused a capital of Rs 794 crore (approx $164 million) in wholly ...
Processing of domestic card transactions will shift to India over the next few years with India Pay, a domestic payment system, ...
General insurance premium grew 0.11 per cent to Rs 2,223.45 crore in November, as against Rs 2,220.96 crore in November 2007 ...
An insurance industry panel has suggested uniform method for calculating the fee structure of unit-linked plans, but left it to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today launched a cross-border one-way remittance scheme — India to Nepal — called ...
Public sector banks are expected to reduce their lending rates further next month.
Call money rate ended down for third straight working day as lenders slashed rates owing to ample liquidity, dealers said.
The selection committee headed by the Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao has shortlisted nine public-sector bank chiefs ...
Issuances of commercial papers rose today because the deep interest rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India last week and also the ...
Committee suggests forward-looking risk assessment by banks to avoid financial crisis in future.
Aegon Religare Life Insurance today said it will invest about Rs 120 crore in the next six months to expand its reach and ...
Global finance major Credit Suisse today said it has injected Rs 794 crore in its non-banking finance company Credit Suisse ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the country's second largest public sector lender, may raise up to Rs 300 crore from bonds issue that ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, has bagged the 'Best Rural Marketing Initiative' Award for its unique ...
Syndicate Bank informed BSE that it has raised Rs 399 crore by issue of unsecured, non-convertible IPDI (Innovative Perpetual ...
The Indian rupee depreciated by seven paise against the greenback in early trade today on increased dollar demand from importers ...
National Bulk Handling Corporation(NBHC), the warehouse arm of Financial Technologies (India) Ltd, plans to tie up with 11 more ...
Twenty-one housing finance companies (HFCs) have assessed their fund requirements during the fourth quarter at around Rs 40,000 ...
Voicing dissatisfaction over credit delivery by state-owned banks, the finance ministry On Monday asked them to beef up lending ...
Federal Reserve officials, after taking the historic step of cutting the benchmark interest rate to as low as zero, are calling ...
General insurers may be touting portability of health covers as the next big consumer-centric reform, but the benefits will be ...
Banking stocks reaped windfall gains on a day the market was enthused by the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) liquidity boost ...
Massive profit-selling leads to the bounce-back.
Kochi: Alwaye-based private sector bank, Federal Bank, is entering the online trading platform from tomorrow.
Indian School of Business dean M Ramamohan Rao, whose role as an independent director on Satyam’s board had recently raised ...
With the stock markets yet to recover and banks lowering fixed deposit rates, companies accessing public deposits are seeing ...
At a time when layoffs and salary cuts are becoming integral components of corporate strategy for cost control, Axis Bank is on a ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today announced a cut in interest rate on Foreign Currency Non-Resident deposit schemes for dollar, ...
The US currency ended barely steady against the rupee, with the Indian unit quoting at Rs.48.59/60 per dollar at close of trade.
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, today said it has entered into an agreement with BSNL Cell One to enable ...
Despite lower inflation and a slew of measures announced by the Centre to arrest the economic slowdown and boost growth in ...
The impact of the global economic meltdown seems to have considerably affected the pace of industrial investment in Himachal ...
The XII Additional Metropolitan Magistrate on Sunday sent GS Raju, promoter managing director of Nagarjuna Finance Limited (NFL), ...
While a large section of corporate India think that the economic rebound is unlikely to happen in 2009 and most of them still ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), the largest bank in the country, has picked up 19.7 per cent equity in Orissa-based Mayfair Hotels ...
The sudden and sharp fall in global financial markets, liquidity crunch faced by the country’s banking system and ...
There is good news in store for companies and others as the government has directed public-sector banks to lend Rs 56,000 crore, ...
The country’s second largest private sector lender, HDFC Bank, which added 658 branches last year, has pipped ICICI Bank in ...
HDFC Bank, the country's second largest private sector lender, which added 658 branches last year, has pipped ICICI Bank in terms ...
Flush with funds to meet business growth for the current year, ICICI Bank CEO and Managing Director K V Kamath said the bank does ...
Interest rates are set to fall by up to five per cent in the next six months as inflation is moving towards zero level, a ...
Banks led by State Bank of India (SBI) are set to lower deposit rates by over 50 basis points by the middle of the month, ...
International investors are buying Brazilian, Indian and Indonesian bonds, driving the biggest monthly gain in emerging-market ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest insurer, has managed to mitigate some of the losses in new ...
With March approaching, tax-payers will have to ensure that they buy adequate insurance to claim benefits under Section 80C and ...
State Bank of India will sign an MoU with the Gujarat government for fund deployment in micro, small and medium enterprises, bank ...
The increase in foreign institutional investment (FII) limit for corporate bonds will boost the top end of the market as foreign ...
The deregulation of interest rates paid for external commercial borrowings (ECBs) may not bring much cheer to companies at this ...
The government today conceded to two major demands of exporters with a view to make Indian products competitive in international ...
NBFCs, which finance purchases of commercial vehicles, to get additional line of credit from banks.
Uncertainty in the stock market and sliding fixed deposit rates have made life insurance the most preferred tax-saving instrument ...
State Bank of India’s (SBI’s) total business in the North-East has grown from Rs 10,573 crore as in March 2003 to Rs ...
Reflecting the signs of slowdown in the economy, bank credit grew by just 0.1 per cent in the fortnight ended December 19 as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today further relaxed the asset classification norms for the banks to restructure loans to viable ...
Public sector banks are likely to revise their credit growth targets for the year by around 20 per cent after the government ...
The government today said it would take up the recapitalisation of around half-a-dozen public sector banks during the next ...
Banks started pruning deposit rates within hours of the Reserve Bank of India’s decision to cut repo and reverse repo rates ...
RBI slashes repo and reverse repo rates to all-time lows.
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said it has lowered interest rates on non-resident external (NRE) term to 3.75 ...
Encouraged by declining price line, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced steps to inject an additional Rs 20,000 crore ...
Can Fin Homes Ltd.
(CFHL), a subsidiary of Canara Bank, today announced a reduction in their interest rates on existing ...
Stock broking and commodities trading firm Geojit Financial today said it has discontinued its commodity broking business and has ...
Continuing its weakness for the fourth straight day, the Indian rupee today depreciated by another 28 paise to a one-week low ...
While a large section of corporate India think that the economic rebound is unlikely to happen in 2009 and most of them still ...
Andhra Bank has drawn up a growth plan to leap into the league of big banks by setting a target of Rs 150,000 crore business by ...
The Reserve Bank of India today bought oil bonds worth 30 crore from Indian Oil Corporation under its special market operations, ...
Private sector general insurance companies are once again going back to retail as they face severe pricing pressure and ...
Banks and financial institutions are seeking more flexibility in dealing with commercial and industrial loan accounts, which are ...
The country’s top private sector lender ICICI Bank on Thursday said it has repurchased bonds worth $84.58 million (Rs ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is likely to allow state-owned Life Insurance Corp of India to retain ...
The government is considering setting up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) for financing of non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) ...
Corporate India is in for a more painful period, as profitability will take a hit over the next six months, ICICI Bank CEO K V ...
The banks operating in Orissa have been urged to fulfill their micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) loan target set for the ...
Though Indian banking system, in particular state-owned banks, is receiving accolades for not letting the global financial crisis ...
Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) has constitued a committee to evaluate the performance of the third-party ...
After majority of Indian banks slashed their interest rates taking a cue from Reserve Bank's recent policy signals, leading ...
Citigroup Inc's Chairman Win Bischoff and Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit won't receive bonuses for 2008, as part of a ...
The Indian rupee fell back after resuming stronger against the dollar and was quoted lower at 48.74/76 in late morning trade ...
Tracking comfortable liquidity in the system, inter-bank lending rates closed at around 6.5 per cent on the last day of 2008.
The ...
In line with the fall in inflation and interest rates, the yield on 10-year government bonds declined by 254 basis points in 2008 ...
The currency fell the most in 17 years, losing 24 per cent against the dollar.
Joining the rate cut bonanza , Bangalore- based public sector lender Canara Bank today reduced its benchmark prime lending rate ...
Jefferies India, the local subsidiary of US-based Jefferies Group, is planning to enter equity research, sales and trading ...
India’s current account deficit widened to $12.54 billion during the second quarter of the current financial year, as ...
The country’s largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, today reduced its lending rates on home and auto loans 50 basis ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Canara Bank, today announced reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis ...
LIC Housing Finance today announced a reduction of 75 basis points in interest rates for existing home loans with effect from ...
In a New Year bonanza to home and car loan takers, the country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today reduced the ...
Public sector Allahabad Bank today said that Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has hiked its stake in the bank by 2.10 ...
Crisil has assigned AA rating with a stable outlook to Andhra Bank’s Rs 265 crore tier-I perpetual bonds and Rs 1,000 crore ...
ICICI Bank is understood to have deferred the sale of its holding in Firstsource Solutions, a Mumbai-based pure-play business ...
Forecasting that inflation is inching towards zero, ICICI Bank Managing Director and CEO K V Kamath today suggested that the ...
An internal audit undertaken by the Finance Ministry has revealed that officers entrusted to recover debt as per the orders of ...
United India Insurance, Tata AIG and ICICI Lombard will be among the first set of general insurance companies to introduce the ...
Credit card issuers are reducing the benefits available to customers.
National Housing Bank (NHB) today said it expects housing finance companies (HFCs) to reduce interest rates in the coming days.
Primary issuances were up today in the one-year tenure as mutual funds and banks bought such papers in the hope that the Reserve ...
Insurance companies can invest more in infrastructure, housing sectors.
Indian insurance industry is likely to register a fall in the growth rate of its premium turnovers in the current fiscal due to ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank has restructured its equity capital by reducing it by almost one-third from the current level of around Rs ...
Privately-owned IndusInd Bank has got back Rs 115 crore it had lent to leading private sector oil refinery Essar Oil, bringing ...
The National Housing Bank today said it will provide the special refinance fund, which has been received from the Reserve Bank of ...
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur have revised their Bench Mark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) from 13.25 per cent per annum to 12.75 ...
Bucking the trend, the banking sector has paid 38 per cent higher advance tax in the third quarter of the current fiscal, as the ...
Banks were major investors for certificates of deposit on Monday as liquidity condition in the banking system is comfortable, ...
Banks completed a full circle in 2008, as famed lenders from New York to Tokyo turned beggars who lined up for bailouts from ...
Indian real estate and other manufacturing companies have stepped up borrowings through issuances of commercial papers (CPs) ...
In case of misuse of debit cards, banks cannot escape responsibility by saying that they have delivered the card and the personal ...
The Nepal Stock Exchange Authority has suspended transaction of shares belonging to Nepal SBI Bank, a joint venture of State Bank ...
After the global financial turmoil in 2008, Indian banks begin the new year with a lurking fear that their Non Performing Assets ...
ICICI Bank says it will reduce rates early next month
Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Dena Bank today announced a reduction in ...
Move to help infrastructure companies access funds during credit crunch.
IDBI Bank reduced the interest rate on retail term deposit by 50-150 basis points in the maturity bucket of 46-90 days up to 10 ...
State-owned, Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it expects a healthy 28-29 per cent loan growth in the current financial year ...
Another public sector lender, Dena Bank reduced its benchmark prime lending (PLR) rate by 75 basis points from 13.50 per cent to ...
FinnOne, the flagship product of Nucleus Software Exports Ltd, a provider of integrated software products for banks and financial ...
Bank of Baroda has decided to reduce its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) by 75 basis points from existing 13.25 per cent pa. ...
The country’s second largest public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today informed the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) ...
India’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today said it has resolved the “technical problem” with its ...
Senior citizens and those depending on interest income will have a tough time in 2009 as deposit rates, which have already ...
Indian banks have an exposure of over $1 billion to the five troubled global financial institutions, including Lehman Brothers ...
Investors looking to recoup some of the $50 billion they lost in Bernard Madoff’s alleged Ponzi scheme may get a better ...
In spite of a liquidity crunch, State Bank of India (SBI), Bengal circle, which comprises West Bengal, Sikkim and Andaman and ...
Separate cells will be created at the district level to address the grievances of the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) ...
At the start of 2008, Manoj Singh headed Tranzact Consolidated India, among the largest direct sales agents (DSA) in Mumbai with ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) is planning to disburse loans worth Rs 10,000 crore this fiscal, up from the Rs 7,100 crore last
With the inflation sharply declining even below the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) comfort levels, the central bank is likely to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to set up 383 internet banking kiosks at ATM centers located on railway stations across the ...
In an effort to help micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) deal with the credit squeeze and economic slowdown, Union Bank ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest insurer, is pulling out all stops to mop up Rs 25,000 ...
The State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, has had to shut down its corporate website after overseas hackers ...
In order to tap customers looking for guaranteed returns without being affected by financial market conditions, IDBI Fortis Life ...
The State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, has had to shut down its corporate website after overseas hackers ...
The Reserve Bank of India will present the third quarter review of the monetary policy for 2008-09 on January 27, 2009.
RBI ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve went up by $3.59 billion to $254.05 billion during the week ended December 19, 2008 mainly ...
Most mutual fund players and life insurance companies are planning to bid for appointment as pension fund managers for all ...
With a sharp dip in property prices, leading banks, including State Bank of India, are reassessing the value of properties ...
HDFC Bank has raised Rs 1,728 crore through a private placement of unsecured non-convertible bonds to support business growth.
Cholamandalam DBS Finance Ltd plans to issue preference shares to its promoters to raise Rs 300 crore capital.
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has registered Star Union Dai-Ichi Life Insurance Company — promoted ...
Credit card firm American Express, a bank holding company, will receive $3.39 billion from the US government's bailout package ...
India's foreign exchange reserves swelled to $254.052 billion for the week ended December 19, up by $3.599 billion over the ...
In the wake of cut in rates and the resultant impact on its borrowing costs, GRUH Finance (GRUH), a subsidiary of HDFC, has ...
Volatility in lending and deposit rates witnessed during the year is expected to end in 2009 with interest rates seen to be going ...
Cholamandalam DBS Finance plans to issue preference shares to its promoters to raise Rs 300 crore capital.
HDFC Bank, India’s second largest private bank, has raised Rs 1,728 crore through a private placement of unsecured ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will present the third quarter review of the monetary policy for 2008-09 on January 27, ...
The rupee today appreciated by another 35 paise against the US dollar in early trade following increased $ selling by exporters ...
Corporates which have resorted to overseas borrowing for raising capital are likely to see erosion in their balance sheets in the ...
Move to provide insurance up to Rs 1,000 cr from Rs 750 cr now.
The Bank of Japan may consider “extraordinary steps” to counter financial-market turmoil and a deepening recession, ...
The country's largest public sector lender, State Bank of India, is planning to inject fresh capital into its insurance arm, SBI ...
Private equity investments have declined by as much as 80% in the first two months of December quarter with the ...
Wall Street Finance, a company involved in money exchange and bank note activities, is looking to acquire four companies involved ...
In the wake of impressive growth in credit to micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME), Union Bank of India (UBI) plans to roll ...
The farm loan waiver scheme may not trigger a tendency among farmers to default intentionally, Amarendra Sahoo, chief general ...
Mutual funds refrained from purchasing papers due to limited inflows in their fixed maturity plans, dealers said.
Hit by the global financial turmoil, foreign banks are reviewing their India strategy with BayernLB, a German banking entity, ...
Buyers prefer to wait on expectation of better bargains.
The Supreme Court (SC) has held that banks are not liable to pay interest tax on subsidies they get from the RBI for giving ...
Despite the global liquidity crisis and risk aversion of institutional investors, the Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC), ...
India Infrastructure Finance Co is likely to issue the first tranche of the proposed Rs 10,000-cr tax-free bonds by mid-January, ...
US banks including Citigroup Inc, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley may sell government-guaranteed bonds in Asia next ...
Sending money overseas instantly could soon become a reality with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) considering proposals to allow ...
The country’s largest insurer, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), has increased its stake in HDFC Bank to over 5 ...
Life Insurance corporation of India (LIC), the country's largest insurer, has increased its stake in HDFC Bank to over five per ...
Mangalore headquartered Corporation Bank has announced a revision of its bench mark prime lending rate.
The bank has cut the ...
The Indian rupee today fell further by 35 paise against the dollar in early trade following heavy dollar demand from importers ...
Private sector banks have sought relaxation in the present norm that limits the deployment of business correspondents within 15 ...
The work at the insurance offices in northern Karnataka came to a standstill on Tuesday following the strike call by the ...
The government today issued 6.35 per cent Oil Marketing Companies Government of India Special Bonds, 2024 for Rs 22,000 crore to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) plans to raise capital up to Rs 1,500 crore through lower tier-II bonds to shore up capital adequacy ...
The government is likely to announce in a few days details of insurance sops on export credit to banks and exporters as part of ...
The rupee fell 74 paise or 1.54 per cent today against the US dollar due to demand from importers and fall in the stock market ...
Despite sharp erosion in the net worth of airline companies due to losses in the recent past, banks and financial institutions ...
Union Bank of India is aiming a 35 per cent increase in advances to micro, small and medium enterprises over the last year by the ...
The volatility in foreign-exchange markets, the most since 1992, means currency traders will see the smallest pay cuts as the ...
Suresh Tendulkar, chairman of the Prime Minister’s Economic Advisory Council, said today that the repo and reverse repo ...
Banks have used only a small proportion of the special refinance and forex swap facility offered by the Reserve Bank of India ...
State-run Union Bank of India today said it is hiring 5,000 employees this fiscal, including 300 specialised officers for its ...
With not all banks cutting rates in response to the RBI's easing of monetary policy, the government today said there is a case ...
Employees of state-owned insurance companies went on day-long nation-wide strike to protest the government's proposed move to ...
Continuing its weakness for the third straight day, the Indian rupee today depreciated by another 30 paise against the greenback ...
Private life insurance company Max New York Life Insurance is of the opinion that there is a price to pay to become the No. 1 ...
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has engaged in “triage”, taking agents off terror and other crimes to ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co has seen a drop in sales as a fallout of the economic slowdown, Senior Vice-President and Head ...
Bank of India (BoI) today announced a 75 basis point (bps) cut in its benchmark prime lending rates (BPLR).
The economic slowdown has bankers worried about the moderation in credit demand and rising defaults and rightly so.
All Class I, III and IV employees in the Life Insurance Corporation of India and all Class III and IV employees in the four ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank plans to go for fresh capital infusion from qualified institutional investors by March 31, said Managing ...
Mutual funds received inflows in their liquid and liquid plus schemes and were investing in non-convertible debentures On Monday, ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) has removed the industry-wide limits imposed on surveyors from assessing ...
Government bond prices ended down by over a rupee On Monday because investors continued to trim holdings after the sharp rise in ...
IDBI Bank and Export Import Bank of India (Exim) plan to raise up to Rs 4,500 crore through bond issues to finance their business ...
The rouble fell to the lowest in almost three years against the dollar as Russia devalued the currency against its dollar-euro ...
The rupee fell the most in six weeks as importers stepped up purchase to meet their dollar needs, while others, including banks, ...
In an effort to make all the households bankable, the public sector Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Sambalpur based Bharat ...
Frequent fluctuations in the value of the rupee vis-a-vis the US dollar in the past few months have hit the scientific instrument ...
Taking cues from the country's largest lender, State Bank of India, two more public sector banks -- Bank of India (BoI) and Bank ...
China cut interest rates for the fifth time in three months to support the world’s fourth-biggest economy.
Concerned at the government's "revenue loss" due to giving "large deductions" while calculating the income ...
Karnataka Bank
has decided to split the position of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has informed Bombay Stock Exchange that the bank will be raising Rs 500 crore as PNB Upper Tier II ...
The rating agency Fitch has downgraded LIC Liquid Fund's credit rating to 'AA' from 'AA+’.
The Indian rupee today depreciated further by 14 paise against the dollar to 47.40/41 in early trade after other ...
Mediclaim policy-holders dissatisfied with the services of their insurance provider can easily switch to another firm with ...
Following a slew of measures by regulators, the National Housing Bank (NHB), the regulator for housing finance companies (HFCs), ...
Reliance Money is planning to rope in apex bodies of mandis in various states as shareholders for the proposed agriculture spot ...
The Committee of Secretaries, which is receiving representations from affected sectors in the wake of the financial crisis, is ...
In a bid to provide long-term capital to infrastructure companies, the government is planning to provide them with subordinated ...
The World Bank has approved a tranche of $180 million as a soft loan to Madhya Pradesh for the second phase of its district ...
Hyderabad-based Matrix Agri Sciences, which is setting up three granular biofertiliser plants, is hopeful of securing Rs 50 crore ...
She would neither like to be adventurous nor conservative, but ICICI Bank's CEO-designate Chanda Kochhar today said her endeavour ...
The world's largest economy, the US, has seen a spurt in bankruptcy cases, with such filings jumping as much as 30 per cent for ...
The district administration and the banking community in Hooghly district of West Bengal had claimed that they achieved 100 per ...
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today met Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao and Finance Secretary Arun Ramanathan in New ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India, today announced a 75-basis-point cut in its benchmark prime lending ...
Insurance companies estimate the claims of Mumbai’s Taj Mahal Hotel and Tower at Rs 400 crore and of Oberoi-Trident at Rs ...
Credit offtake is likely to increase in coming months following the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) measures to ease ...
The Rs 4,000-crore refinance package from the National Housing Bank (NHB) to housing finance companies (HFCs) will be available ...
Before you buy a guaranteed-return product, fulfil your insurance needs.
Global ratings agency Standard & Poor's lowered the credit ratings of 11 international banks by one or two notches on ...
ICICI Bank Managing Director and CEO KV Kamath says that Chanda D Kochhar, his successor at the country’s largest private ...
Life begins after 60.
So it seems for Kundapur Vaman Kamath, who starts his next stint as mentor, or non-executive chairman of ...
With a view to capturing the details of investment in a more comprehensive manner, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revised ...
Come May 1, Chanda Kochhar will step into the big shoes of K V Kamath as managing director and CEO of ICICI Bank, India's largest ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves rose by $4.59 billion to $250.45 billion as on December 12, 2008, mostly reflecting ...
Lenders led by mortgage players HDFC and LIC Housing Finance today announced a reduction in interest rates, with banks, including ...
Two of the world's largest economies - Japan and the US - are embracing the near zero interest rate regime, in their efforts to ...
ICICI Bank today announced the appointment of Chanda Kochhar as the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer.
She will ...
The rupee today depreciated by 25 paise against the greenback in early trade on strengthening of dollar against major currencies ...
A selection committee, headed by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao, is scheduled to meet next week to shortlist ...
The ICICI Bank board is expected to deliberate on the appointment of Managing Director and CEO K V Kamath’s successor.
Dollar falls after Federal Reserve’s move to slash rate to near-zero levels.
HDFC Bank Managing Director Aditya Puri is the Business Standard Banker of the Year.
Credit card companies, facing an increase in defaults and a decline in consumer spending, are raising some rates, adding fees and ...
Credit card woes topped the complaints chart in 2007-08 as hefty interest burden of borrowers and recovery by banks emerged as ...
After pulling down yields on liquid government bonds by about 135 basis points in last one month, traders are now likely to ...
State Bank of India and Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) have lowered interest rate on loans extended to micro, ...
The country’s largest insurance company, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), is planning to invest over Rs 400 crore ...
Liquidity in the banking system is very comfortable and overall interest rates need to come down, ICICI Bank Executive Director ...
Interest rates are set to fall again with public sector banks today agreeing to lower deposit and lending rates next month.
The World Bank has agreed to provide $3-billion, long-term loan to three companies — India Infrastructure Finance Company ...
HDFC, the country’s largest housing finance company, is planning to raise up to Rs 1,000 crore through non-convertible ...
Global merger and acquisitions in the insurance sector have reached all time record of 148.7 billion dollars this year, says a ...
The finance ministry today said the falling inflation rate would result in further lowering of interest rates.
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, today reduced interest rate for working capital loans to micro, small & ...
ICICI Bank board will meet here tomorrow and is likely to decide on the successor of K V Kamath, its CEO and managing director.
The rupee today appreciated further by 35 paise against the greenback in early trade on increased dollar selling by exporters and ...
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) has extended the deadline for insurance companies to disclose their ...
The Federal Reserve opened a new era in US monetary history, cutting interest rates to as low as zero and pledging to buy ...
Taking a cue from the abject failure of global financial powerhouses to assess risks associated with exposures, the Reserve Bank ...
During 2007-08, a total of 54 merger proposals in the Urban Co-operative Bank (UCB) space were given necessary clearance by the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) On Wednesday said complex structured products such as synthetic securitisation and credit ...
With credit growth remaining high despite deterioration in the economic environment, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) On Wednesday ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) On Wednesday said the benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) of banks show upward flexibility during ...
Government-owned IDBI Bank hopes to sell its Pune-based, wholly-owned, home loan subsidiary by mid-January and has shortlisted ...
Focuses on expansion of i-banking, corporate and retail finance.
Even amidst the current economic meltdown, the city still seems to hold its own charm in attracting investments and offering ...
In what may translate into lower premium rates for traditional pension and annuity policyholders, the Insurance Regulatory ...
The country's largest public sector bank, State Bank of India (SBI), will restructure small and medium enterprises (SME) loans in ...
Morgan Stanley posted a $2.2 billion fourth-quarter loss, wider than the most pessimistic analyst's estimate, as it unexpectedly ...
Pulic sector lender State Bank of India (SBI) would open nearly 2,000 branches across the country in the next financial year.
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank is on an expansion spree in South India in order to have a significant presence in all ...
Citibank today announced the launch of a credit card
benefit that protects against any misuse due to lost or stolen card.
The Indian rupee today strengthened by 61 paise against the US currency in opening trade on increased capital inflows by foreign ...
The special home loan package announced by public sector banks boosted returns of banking sector-dedicated funds for the week to ...
The Federal Reserve may reduce its main interest rate to the lowest level on record and prepare for one of the boldest ...
Reliance Capital (R-Capital) today said Vikrant Gugnani will head its overseas operations.
At present, he is the CEO of Reliance ...
Over 83 per cent unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) with equity-debt investment ratio of 80:20 have outperformed benchmark and ...
Financial services company Reliance Money (R-Money) has tied up with Infinity Financial Solutions, a financial products and ...
Many of the 5,238 individuals, whose names figured in the draw of lots by the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) On Tuesday could ...
Mutual funds On Tuesday stepped up investments in one-year certificates of deposit (CDs) as they received inflows in their fixed ...
In what could be a precursor to a cut in lending rates, Indian Bank and Uco Bank On Tuesday said they are reducing deposits
Banks told to contribute Rs 2,000 cr to Sidbi’s MSME corpus.
Despite the financial crisis, the Uttarakhand government today brought a supplementary budget in the state Assembly to pay the ...
With erosion in the value of their investments, holders of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) are looking at switching from ...
US banking major Citigroup will sell its Japanese trust banking unit to Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation (MUTB) for ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank will reduce interest rate on lending and deposits by January 2009.
Speaking at an interactive session ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, today said it would raise Rs 18,000 crore from bonds by March 2010 in ...
Foreign lender, ABN Amro Bank has been authorised to undertake primary dealer business in government securities market with ...
Chennai-based public sector bank Indian Bank has revised its interest rates on domestic term deposits which will come into effect ...
The rupee today appreciated 16 paise against the US currency in opening trade on capital inflow by foreign funds and cut in home ...
State-owned banks said they are planning to approach the government under the umbrella of the Indian Banks Association seeking ...
The collapse of several global banks and the cascading impact of US financial crisis on global markets have forced Indian banks ...
Private banks say they’ll wait and watch.
Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) is aiming a credit flow of around Rs 300 crore to the micro-finance ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has merged its Mauritius-based subsidiary, Indian Ocean International Bank (IOIB), with SBI ...
London-based insurance behemoth Aviva is mulling to foray into general insurance and asset management business in India.
With public sector banks reducing interest rates on home loans up to Rs 20 lakh, housing finance companies (HFCs) might be under ...
Tata Capital, a non-banking finance company (NBFC), is planning to sell debt worth Rs 1,000 crore to meet fund requirements to ...
President George W Bush said deliberations by his administration on whether to tap a bank bailout fund to keep General Motors ...
With insurers switching to liberalised terms and conditions, major coverage changes are expected in non-life insurance policies ...
Market meltdown, cash crunch take a toll on exotic products in November: Crisil.
Major real estate players today gave a thumbs down to the announcement by public sector banks to cap interest rates at different ...
Japanese financial services major Nomura today said the company has an exposure of about 27.5 billion yen ($303 million) in Wall ...
Faced with a downturn in Europe, the world's fifth largest insurer, Aviva Plc, has started exploring options to enter the ...
Global banking major HSBC has emerged as one of the worst sufferers of Bernard Madoffs alleged $50-billion fraud as the financial ...
Terming home loans package of PSU banks highly inadequate, Assocham President Sajjan Jindal demanded that the government peg the ...
Justifying the threshold of Rs 20 lakh for interest rate relief announced for home loan borrowers, Indian Banks Association (IBA) ...
ICICI Prudential Life today said it has entered into a strategic partnership with American Express Banking Corp to offer its ...
The rupee today appreciated 27 paise against the US currency in opening trade on dollar selling by exporters amid surging trend ...
Dewan Housing Finance (DHFL), a housing finance company, said it is planning to dilute 15 per cent equity to raise close to Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sold a record $20.63 billion foreign currency during October to check the steep depreciation of ...
The Orissa circle of Punjab National Bank (PNB) expects to achieve a total business volume of Rs 4,000 crore by the end of March ...
Citigroup Inc, the global bank that got a $45 billion government bailout, faces another indignity: Its name will be stripped from ...
Karnataka Vikas Grameena (KVG) Bank, the regional rural bank covering Dharwad, Haveri, Gadag, Belgaum, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Udupi, ...
There has been a sharp rise in the outward remittances by resident individuals over the last couple of years, according to the ...
In a bid to mitigate forex risk for large corporates, ICICI Bank has developed a customised online trading platform that would ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) will hire 2,000 persons with "specific skills" in the next four months, its Chairman and ...
Reeling under a recession that's getting worse, the US has seen the collapse of 25 banks this year, with two entities going belly ...
In tune with the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) policy of restructuring loans for small and medium exnterprises (SMEs), ...
ICICI Bank yet to reduce interest rates.
ICICI chief executive officer and managing director KV Kamath today hinted about a 'steep and substantial cut' in the interest ...
The package for extending home loans at affordable rates will be finalised early next week as the government is yet to decide on ...
Bank advances grew by 29.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis to Rs 27,21,732 crore at the end of November as against 22.5 per cent ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve fell by $1.83 billion to $245.86 billion for the week ended December 5 due to revaluation ...
Standard Chartered Bank has completed the acquisition of an additional 25.9 per cent stake in Standard Chartered-STCI Capital ...
The Federal Reserve refused a request by Bloomberg News to disclose the recipients of more than $2 trillion of emergency loans ...
Global banking major Standard Chartered has increased its stake-holding in Standard Chartered-STCI Capital Markets to 74.9 per ...
HSBC Holdings, Europe’s largest bank, plans to eliminate 193 jobs in India to reduce costs at its consumer division as bad ...
Global banking major Standard Chartered has increased its stake holding in Standard Chartered-STCI Capital Markets to 74.9 per ...
Foreign lender HSBC has decided to slash 193 jobs in its Indian consumer assets business segment after reviewing its portfolio in ...
The government today said that the insurance joint ventures have not been affected by global financial developments and there are ...
Rating agency ICRA today reaffirmed the ratings for highest claims paying ability of both ICICI Lombard General Insurance and ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 32 paise against the US currency in opening trade on capital outflows by foreign funds, ...
Bank of America (BankAm) Corp said it expects to cut 30,000 to 35,000 jobs over the next three years, as it faces a deteriorating ...
Mutual funds refrained from investing in certificates of deposit (CDs) and commercial papers (CPs) today as they were not ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to bring offshore outsourcing of financial services by foreign offices of Indian ...
In step with the steady hiring by Indian banks, Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) and South Indian Bank (SIB) are planning to recruit ...
RBI chief banks on 'significant measures to battle significant crisis'.
Future Generali, the insurance joint venture between Kishore Biyani-promoted Future Group and Italian insurance major Generali, ...
Moscow resident Tima Kulikov banked on the full faith and credit of the US government, not the Kremlin, when he sold his biggest ...
IL&FS Investment Managers (IIML), the private equity subsidiary of infrastructure financing major IL&FS, has closed its ...
State and district cooperative banks are seeking a relaxation in loan delinquency norms from the current 90 days to 180 days, ...
Asks lenders to make sure that end use of advances to commercial real estate.
Public sector banks are likely to announce a 50 to 100 basis point cut in interest rates on home loans up to Rs 20 lakh.
NRI deposits in Kutch village decline.
After announcing refinance facilities for the National Housing Bank (NHB) and the Small Industries Development Bank of India ...
Public sector banks are likely to announce 50-100 basis point reduction in interest rate on home loans up to Rs 20 lakh.
Further losses at Switzerland's biggest banks UBS and Credit Suisse cannot be ruled out, a central banker warned today, adding ...
Future Generali, the insurance joint venture between Kishore Biyani-promoted Future Group and Italian insurance major Generali ...
In step with the steady hiring by Indian banks, Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) and South Indian Bank are planning to recruit 1,200 ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, today said it was hopeful that the measures taken by the Reserve Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today widened the scope of the stimulus package by providing a refinance facility of Rs 5,000 ...
Troubled financial services major Goldman Sachs is set to change its retirement rules, providing incentives to ...
Private sector ICICI Bank plans to launch a new interactive internet banking concept to give customers the touch and feel of a ...
With the leasing business losing its lustre, Ahmedabad-based Arman Lease & Finance Limited is now venturing into
The country's largest lender, State Bank of India, today said that it would review interest rates soon following monetary ...
Close on the heels of the government announcing economic package to boost demand across the board, the Indian Bank Association is ...
The rupee today appreciated 23 paise against the US currency in opening trade on dollar selling by banks amid surging trend in ...
Top fashion designers to add glamour to the fabric.
During the last fortnight, banking stocks have been in high demand in anticipation of the Reserve Bank of India and the ...
Kapol Co-operative Bank, a Mumbai-based multi-state scheduled bank is set to acquire two Gujarat-based cooperative banks by the ...
India’s net international investment declines 6% in June 2008, show RBI data.
Rating agency Crisil has announced a sale of a 90 per cent stake in its United Kingdom-based subsidiary, Gas Strategies Group ...
Declining auto sales and a slowdown in the economy has taken a toll on the general insurance industry of the country.
Investors dither on buying NPAs following fund crunch, decline in asset prices.
In an effort to boost credit flow to the housing sector, public sector banks are going to finalise the new interest rate regime ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today said the next financial year
could be a more difficult year.
In yet another attempt to widen its reach in the country’s financial services sector, the Hindujas have picked up a 40 per ...
India's economic growth may fall short of the 7.5-8 per cent forecast for this fiscal by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has entered into a tie-up with United India Insurance for providing personal accident insurance ...
To be the first firm to take advantage of new RBI ruling.
While the portfolio credit quality of most Indian mutual fund (MF) schemes is strong, a majority of the schemes have single ...
Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) is in talks with the government and other stakeholders to set up a self ...
After banks, it’s the country’s largest insurer Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) that has come to the aid of ...
Temasek Holdings Pte defended its $2.6 billion of divestments last week, saying the transactions created value for the Singapore ...
The Saraswat Co-operative Bank, the biggest co-operative bank in the country, has received licences for opening nine more ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) today said it is mulling developing insurance products in vernaculars.
United India Insurance, a leading public sector non life insurance company, is targetting a premium of Rs 4,300 crore this year, ...
Calling the government’s stimulus package 'highly inadequate' for creating demand, retaining and generating jobs for ...
The institute of chartered accountants of India (ICAI), to fulfill the demand for trained accounting professionals and to support ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) on Monday launched Jeevan Aastha, a single premium life insurance product with ...
R Sridharan has taken charge as the managing director (MD) and group executive (associates and subsidiaries) of State Bank of ...
First-year premium collection of life insurance companies in India has witnessed a fall of 6.7 per cent in October, led by 11 per ...
Universal Sompo General Insurance Company On Monday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Chennai-based public sector ...
At a time when financial institutions are in the process of cutting costs through retrenchment, the country’s largest ...
Economists expect a further monetary easing by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the coming weeks as inflation falls and credit ...
Primary issuances in the commercial paper (CP) market were absent as mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the ...
The National Housing Bank’s (NHB’s) mandate on risk weights linked to the loan-to-value ratio is likely to prompt ...
Fresh bonds to carry 7.5% coupon; will fall in EEE tax-exempt category.
Two days after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced 100-basis point cuts in key lending rates, the country’s second ...
The ongoing indefinite strike in the 59 jute mills of West Bengal has resulted in a lowering of jute bag supplies by about 87 per ...
Non-banking finance companies like Srei Infrastructure Finance Limited is looking at raising upto Rs 3000 crore from banks over ...
The foundry park in West Bengal will attract investment of Rs 2,500 crore on completion, said Tapash Chatterjee, chief executive ...
Shortly after the central bank cut its signalling rates Saturday and the announcement of stimulus package, leading state-owned ...
HDFC Bank, the country's second largest private sector lender, today reduced its benchmark lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points ...
SBI Life Insurance, which is gearing up for listing later next year, today said it will make capital infusion of about Rs 600 ...
Despite seeing a 17-18 per cent decline in its policy sales in FY09, India's largest insurer, Life Insurance Corporation of India ...
R Sridharan has taken over as the managing director (MD) and group executive  (associates and subsidiaries) of State Bank of ...
Public sector lender Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today signed an agreement with Universal Sompo General Insurance Company of Japan ...
Rating agency Care has assigned AAA rating to Axis Bank's lower tier-II bonds worth Rs 2,000 crore.
ICICIdirect.
Yes Bank, India's new-age private sector bank, has announced a reduction in its prime lending rate by 50 basis points effective ...
Stock markets are expected to open strong on Monday on the back of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) latest policy move and ...
Even though inflation has declined for four successive weeks to touch a seven-month low of 8.40 per cent, food items are still ...
Stimulus packages of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the government may bode well for the spot rupee and government bonds on ...
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) President and ICICI Bank Managing Director K V Kamath today pitched for restructuring of ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked insurance companies to disclose all investments made during ...
Few companies show interest in signing MoUs.
Neel Kashkari, who oversees the US Treasury’s $700 billion financial-rescue plan, defended the programme on Sunday after ...
Riding on the back of 100 per cent growth in new business, Reliance Life Insurance expects the first premium income to cross ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has extended the period, during which exporters are allowed to enjoy concession on their overdue ...
Taking a cue from the Reserve Bank of India, banks are likely to lower lending rates by 50-75 basis points and deposit rates by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today signalled a further reduction in interest rates by reducing the repo and reverse repo rates ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor D Subbarao today addressed a press conference, where he, along with Deputy Governors Rakesh ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today eased the rules governing interest rates for loans taken by exporters as a recession in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) measures to cut benchmark interest rates by 100 basis points may fail to spur demand in ...
Housing finance companies (HFCs) are contemplating a cut in their prime lending rates (PLRs) following the latest measures of the ...
To help viable units, which are facing temporary cash flow problems, the Reserve Bank of India has permitted banks to restructure ...
The country’s cash-strapped real estate companies may get a fresh lease of life and expect to see a boost in the sale of ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s permission to allow Indian companies to do a premature buyback of the foreign currency ...
The following are excerpts from RBI Governor D Subba Rao’s statement to the media on Saturday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today reduced the repo rate and the reverse repo rate - by 100 basis points.
It is the third rate ...
The central bank today allowed firms to buy back foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) prematurely through rupee resources ...
Private sector lender, ICICI Bank, has reduced its interest rate for home loans of Rs 20-lakh and below to 11.5 per cent.
Housing, retail and corporate loans will get cheaper as banks will cut lending rates in a few days in response to the RBI's move ...
Reserve Bank Governor D Subbarao today said he expected banks to respond to measures announced today by the central bank and ...
HDFC Bank, one of India's premier banks, has won the 'Nasscom - CNBC TV18 IT User Award 2008' for “Best IT Adoption in the ...
A securitisation company (SC) or reconstruction company (RC) may take over the management of the business if the dues are 25 per ...
HDFC Bank has applied to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to buy 10 per cent stake in MMTC-Indiabulls-promoted commodity exchange, ...
After falling for nine weeks in a row, India’s foreign exchange reserve rose by $1.88 billion to $247.69 billion during the ...
The board of ICICI Bank, the country’s second-largest lender, will take a final call on appointing a successor to K V ...
At a time when companies are finding it tough to raise funds, the country’s largest insurer, Life Insurance Corporation of ...
After falling for nine weeks in a row, India’s foreign exchange reserve rose by $1.88 billion to $247.69 billion during the ...
Bank of Rajasthan, a private sector lender, has slashed interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (FCNR) deposits and ...
HDFC Bank has applied to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to buy 10 per cent stake in MMTC-Indiabulls promoted commodity exchange, ...
The State Bank of India today said it will consider rate cut after the Reserve Bank of India announces reduction in benchmark ...
The rupee today further appreciated by 11 paise against the US $ in early trade, the fourth rise in a row, on increased dollar ...
Apparently faced with disinterested bidders, the Uttar Pradesh government has extended the date for the submission of financial ...
The Karnataka cabinet today decided to seek Rs 1,500 crore as financial assistance from the World Bank to implement drinking ...
In a move to boost capital adequacy of housing finance companies (HFCs), National Housing Bank (NHB) has revised their risk ...
HDFC Bank and HSBC have set the ball rolling for their private sector and foreign peers to lower deposit rates.
Deutsche Bank On Thursday announced that it has infused Rs 325 crore ($65 million) into its Indian subsidiary and increased its ...
The Indian rupee gained On Thursday and closed at 49.85 against the dollar as banks offloaded the greenback following a rise in ...
Reserve Bank of India governor hints at stronger impact of global credit crisis.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao said various anti-inflationary measures had started yielding results and now the ...
Swiss banking major Credit Suisse today said it will cut 5,300 jobs, accounting for 11 per cent of its global workforce, by the ...
Bullish on growth of the insurance sector, Reliance Life Insurance is set to hire 2,500 managers, besides 90,000 advisers in the ...
Deutsche Bank today announced that it has increased its Tier 1 capital or capital adequacy in India by Rs 325 crore ($65 million) ...
The rupee today appreciated by 11 paise against the US $ in early trade on increased dollar selling by exporters and banks amid ...
The rupee On Wednesday gained 0.3 per cent against the dollar to close at 50.01 as investors were bullish across Asia following ...
Volumes rose in the secondary market On Wednesday as rates fell sharply by 30-35 basis points on hopes Reserve Bank of India may ...
Regulator’s move aimed at avoiding liability mismatch of insurers.
Last 2 months have not seen even a single upgrade.
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 186.31 crore for Punjab and Haryana for upgrading ...
The Swiss franc may rise against the euro as the financial crisis spreads throughout the global economy, reducing foreign ...
As the Reserve Bank of India tries to support weakening rupee, India’s foreign exchange reserves are declining steadily.
Rating agency Crisil has placed the Indian retail securitisation market ahead of many countries, particularly the US, on the back ...
Dipping interest rate, wary MFs hit finance companies’ fund mop-up plans.
The Orissa State Finance Corporation (OSFC) has been unable to sign the proposed tripartite agreement with the Orissa government ...
Public sector banks in India, including the country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI), are in a brisk hiring mode, a ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today said it has entered into an agreement with National Collateral Management Services ...
Insurance Development and Regulatory Authority (IRDA) will put in place the guidelines for mergers and acquisitions (M&A) in ...
The rupee opened higher by 28 paise against the US currency today on $ selling by exporters and banks after global equity markets ...
Indian currency headed for its biggest-ever annual drop since the devaluation in 1991.
The rupee On Tuesday hit a new lifetime ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday bought total Rs 285 crore of oil bonds from Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Bharat ...
Primary issuance fell On Tuesday as mutual funds refrained from purchasing certificates of deposit (CDs) On Tuesday due to ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is bullish on its sponsorship route to help rural artisans and ...
Citigroup, which is planning to eliminate 52,000 jobs and trim costs next year, dropped a portion of the severance payment ...
Around 25-30 private equity (PE) players and venture capitalists, most of them international players, are eyeing the Punjab, ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, said On Tuesday that it is looking to hire more than 4,200 employees for ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank is seeking a capital infusion of Rs 1,800 crore from the government to maintain its capital adequacy ...
The Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) will form a panel to identify borrowers enjoying credit facilities from more than one ...
American International Group (AIG), the insurer bailed out by the US goverment, agreed to sell a bank unit catering to wealthy ...
Move aimed at regulating overseas operations of Indian banks.
Troubled insurance giant American International Group (AIG) will be selling its Swiss arm AIG Private Bank to an Abu Dhabi-based ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank is seeking a capital infusion of Rs 1,800 crore from the government to maintain its capital adequacy ...
The Reserve Bank of Australia today cut the benchmark lending rate by a 100 basis points to 4.25 per cent, with effect from ...
Amid the ongoing economic crisis, the banking sector continues to be hit by mass layoffs with financial service major Credit ...
American behemoth Citigroup, which is axing over 75,000 jobs this year to help cut costs and fight financial crisis, is now ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's top lender, today said it is looking to hire more than 4,200 employees for its associate ...
The rupee today fell by 25 paise against the US$ to a fresh low of 50.53/54 in the opening trade at the Interbank Foreign ...
The total debt stock of the Orissa government by the end of September 2008 was Rs 36,219.5 crore which is Rs 344.5 crore higher ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 257 crore to the Orissa government under the 14th ...
Yields fell up to 5 basis points today as mutual funds stepped up buying corporate bonds, noting inflows into their schemes, ...
Insurance companies are entering the least-explored domain of fine arts insurance.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to act on the basis of local rules when sanctioning loans for farmers to build ...
In what may be a pointer to the industrial output in November, ABN Amro’s Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), a gauge ...
Say cost of funds too high to lower lending rates.
Issuance of certificates of deposit(CDs) rose On Monday because banks rushed to raise funds noting the sharp fall in rates of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has relaxed lending norms for tier-II urban co-operative banks (UCBs), making it easier for them ...
While asking all members to fall in line and lower interest rates on bulk deposits, Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) On ...
The Orissa State Cooperative Bank (OSCB) has failed to achieve its crop loan target during the kharif-2008 in the state.
State Bank of India (SBI) has planned to expand operations in the Andaman & Nicobar (A&N) Islands to boost the Union ...
The rupee opened 10 paise weaker and fell against the US $ in early trade today due to increased demand for dollars from ...
The rupee is likely to strengthen against the dollar on Monday because banks may sell the greenback, expecting local share ...
The Union Government’s recent approval to the insurance Bill, which proposes, among other things, to raise the cap on ...
The subprime mortgage crisis is giving department and convenience stores and gas stations a new argument in asking Congress for ...
Auto and home loan seekers can expect further cut in the lending rates with the public sector banks gearing up for the second ...
US banking giant Citigroup, beset by the global financial turmoil, has decided to sell its Japanese trust banking unit NikkoCiti ...
The SME financing institution Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) today said its asset reconstruction arm is ...
With terror attack claims likely to wipe out over 70 per cent of the Rs 700-crore terror pool, insurers are expected to chip in ...
In the wake of the deadly terrorist attack in Mumbai  the financial capital of India  banks feel that security needs to ...
Ashok Kapur, the non-executive chairman of private sector lender Yes Bank, has been killed by terrorists in the Trident-Oberoi ...
Insurance industry is gearing up to clear claims from the attack on Mumbai even as many of the injured are finding it tough to ...
Police are yet to contact banks whose credit cards are said to have been found from terrorists who carried out brazen attacks on ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve fell by $550 million to $245.80 billion during the week ended November 21, 2008, due to ...
Ashok Kapur, the non-executive chairman of private sector lender Yes Bank, has been killed by terrorists in the Trident-Oberoi ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc investors took 0.2 per cent of shares offered in the UK’s biggest bank bailout, leaving ...
Ashok Kapur, non-executive chairman of private sector lender Yes Bank, has been killed by terrorists in the Trident-Oberoi ...
Terror attacks in Mumbai will impact capital flows in the short term, ICICI Bank Managing Director & CEO K V Kamath said
The British government is all set to become a majority stakeholder with 58 per cent shareholding in the Royal Bank of Scotland ...
The Indian rupee opened 10 paise weaker and fell further against the US $ in early trade after reopening of the currency market ...
The Reserve Bank of India governor D Subbarao will hold a meeting with bankers in Mumbai at 1100 hrs.
‘Very top’ performers to get same bonus as ’07, or cut of upto 30 per cent.
The government on Thursday relaxed the pricing norms for issue of convertible bonds and equity shares under depository receipts ...
Unlike the 9/11 attacks in the US, which resulted in companies having to shell out more for insurance covers or entities such as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may announce cut in policy rates up to 50 basis points soon as inflation has been on way downward ...
The deadly terror attacks, which crippled the city today, will not be able to dent the confidence of India's banking and ...
Leading private housing finance lender HDFC today ruled out cut in interest rates unless cost of funds declines, even as most ...
HDFC, the country's largest home loan lender, today said it will cut interest rates once the cost of funds comes down.
Rupee rose to over a one-week high against the dollar today because banks sold the greenback to exporters as well as on noting ...
China’s central bank slashed its key lending rate by the most in 11 years, giving support to a 4 trillion yuan ($586 ...
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank on Wednesday announced a 100 basis point reduction in the benchmark prime lending rate, ...
Struggling small and medium enterprises (SME) and exporters may get some relief with the Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) ...
Issuance of certificates of deposit (CDs) having a maturity of one year rose today with banks and mutual funds purchasing these ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may be brought under the category of other regulators, who might have to park their funds with ...
It may be a little harsh on policyholders who do not pay their premium on time but a uniform definition of lapse of insurance ...
Joining the chorus for slashing prices to spur consumer demand, the Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) on Wednesday said ...
Defaults could climb to double digits in 2009, barring a material improvement in market conditions in the second half of next ...
ATMs in India may soon get more intelligent and behave like tellers at bank branches.
ATM technology major NCR Corporation has ...
Trading volumes in the local currency markets have declined in the recent days because most banks are preferring to keep ...
Tulsi Zaveri, a diamond merchant, who recently sent his daughter for higher studies at the University of Texas, Austin, purchased ...
Weighed down by rising defaults and liquidity problems, leading credit card companies have started reducing the borrowing limit ...
President-elect Barack Obama named former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker to head a new White House economic board that ...
Vikram Pandit, the chief executive of Citigroup, has said the banking behemoth's putting in lot of money against US real estate ...
Troubled insurance giant American International Group (AIG) has said the US Treasury completed the purchase of shares and ...
China's central bank today announced a steep cut in its interest rates -- by four times the usual margin -- in a signal that it ...
The Federal Reserve took two new steps to unfreeze credit for homebuyers, consumers and small businesses, committing up to $800 ...
Reported as being a handmaiden to the finance ministry when the central bank announced a slew of measures in the wake of the ...
Rupee erased early gains against the dollar as banks rushed to buy the greenback to meet month-end demand from importers and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has reminded bankers that measures announced by it to tackle the impact of the credit crisis are ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may approve the merger of Pune-based urban cooperative bank (UCB) Shri Suvarna Sahakari Bank with ...
In its first intervention in Asia since the beginning of the current financial crisis, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has ...
Citigroup Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Gary Crittenden said the bank will hold onto assets in emerging markets as it focuses on ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has informed the government about its need for capital and the lender will look to tap the equity ...
After non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) that do not depend on deposits, finance companies that accept deposits have ...
Banks are pitching for a special window for lending to small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which will be akin to the refinance ...
The US will own shares worth $27 billion and would be paid an estimated $4 billion in annual dividends for rescuing Citigroup, ...
Global credit rating agency Standard and Poor's (S&P) has maintained a credit watch with negative implications on troubled ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to announce a financing package for the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Maruti Suzuki India, have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) whereby dealers of Maruti cars ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), the country's leading public sector lender, will recruit 652 people at managerial ...
Jammu and Kashmir Bank today ruled out cut in interest rates as of now since its cost of deposits has not come down.
The rupee today appreciated by 37 paise against the $ to Rs 49.72 in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid strong Asian ...
Standard Chartered Plc may lose its right to issue Hong Kong bank notes if a Singapore-owned company raises its stake in the ...
HSBC Holdings Chairman Stephen Green said the London-based bank would consider buying the “right” assets of ...
Mark Mobius is leading a return of fund managers to India as the nation’s biggest banks say demand for cars and homes will ...
The country’s third-largest private sector lender Axis Bank is all set to enter the mutual fund business in the next six to ...
Citigroup Inc, facing the threat of a break-up or sale, received $306 billion of US government guarantees for troubled mortgages ...
Indiabulls Financial Services is seeking a shareholders’ nod for the new Employee Stock Option Plan (Esop).
US-based life insurance giant, New York Life (NYL), plans to increase its stake in Max New York Life, once the insurance sector ...
Switzerland’s leading pension and insurance solution provider, Swiss Life, is looking for partners to enter the ...
In a bid to expand its product portfolio, country’s largest bank State Bank of India (SBI) today signed an agreement with ...
Most mutual funds restricted their buying only to non-convertible debentures (NCDs) having daily put-call options and avoided ...
Soon, financial planning services may not be confined to private bank customers.
Fearing a cut in financial support from banks as a result of a global slowdown, exporters, especially from small and medium ...
To raise Rs 5,000 cr more; market conditions, demand to determine timing.
The call money rate ended steady at around 7 per cent today despite banks borrowing heavily because supply and overall liquidity ...
Banks are hard-selling fixed deposit (FD) schemes like never before to mop up funds from depositors.
The World Bank has agreed to provide Rs 140 crore assistance to Orissa for the Integrated Coastal Zone Management (ICZM) project.
Despite the global downturn, the Bengal circle of State Bank of India (SBI) has set a target of Rs 2600 crore of disbursals to ...
The US government has decided to extend a fresh lifeline to crisis-ridden Citigroup with a $40 billion capital infusion, while ...
The job of running crisis-ridden Citigroup is still with India-born Vikram Pandit, who revived the American behemoth's years-old ...
The UK-based financial services firm Standard Chartered today said it will raise 1.8 billion pound through a rights issue to ...
State Bank of India has signed a Joint Venture Agreement with Insurance Australia Group, to form a Joint Venture company which ...
Federal regulators were nearing finalising a plan to remove billions of dollars of toxic assets from the balance sheet of ...
Ujjivan Financial Services, the Bangalore-based microfinance institution focusing on the urban and semi-urban poor, has completed ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) has increased the refinance rate to 12 per cent from 9 per cent earlier.
After parting ways with Dutch asset management firm Aegon, Religare Enterprises is considering proposals for a new joint venture ...
Public sector bank employees may see the introduction of a variable pay component in their salary structure.
The Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction ( BIFR) is all set to clear the revival package of Paradeep Phosphate ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are contemplating to open a special Rs 20,000 crore refinance window to boost ...
It may come as a surprise, but the US banking behemoth Citigroup is still looking out for new employees and has posted more than ...
At a time when the idea of cost-cutting has gripped banks all over the world, the country’s private lender Federal Bank ...
Police arrest 15 directors, six others for defaulting loans.
A look at traditional debt instruments....
At a time when the idea of cost-cutting has gripped banks all over the world strongly, the country's private lender Federal Bank ...
Citigroup's board is considering firing its Chief Executive Vikram Pandit, who was appointed as CEO late last year to infuse ...
Days after Citi’s global CEO Vikram Pandit said the group planned to reduce head-count by 52,000, there are reports that ...
Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit told employees he doesn’t plan to break up the company, aiming to ...
An internal working group of the finance ministry has recommended setting up a statutory body to manage India’s public ...
With various industries complaining of not receiving adequate credit, the government has turned to micro-management by asking ...
Indiabulls Financial Services has said it may convert to a bank when rules permit, seeking to emulate role models HDFC Bank and ...
Private sector companies have begun raising funds through the domestic corporate bond market after a gap of nearly five years.
After slashing investments in mutual funds in September amid liquidity crunch, banks have begun to increase their exposure to MFs ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve fell by $5.01 billion to $246.35 billion during the week-ended November 14, 2008 as the ...
Days after Citi's global CEO Vikram Pandit revealed the group's plans to reduce headcounts by 52,000, there are reports that the ...
Credit rating agency ICRA today said that debt programmes of private sector lender ICICI Bank carry highest credit quality ...
Chennai-based public sector bank Indian Overseas Bank (IOB)  has increased interest rate on Non-Resident (External) Rupee ...
The Indian rupee fell by 30 paise against the US currency to Rs 50.50 in early trade today on heavy outflows of foreign funds ...
The Bank of New York Mellon Corp said it will cut its worldwide work force by 4 per cent, or about 1,800 jobs, blaming the weak ...
Citi today said that Mark Robinson will replace Sanjay Nayar as the Chief Executive Officer for South Asia.
Mutual funds shunned investing in certificates of deposit and commercial papers On Thursday as they received limited inflows in ...
Call money rate ended soft at around 6.30 per cent On Thursday amid thin demand with banks having already met most of their ...
Government bond prices surged across the curve On Thursday on hope that slowing economic growth, problems in credit delivery to ...
The finance ministry has initiated the process to find Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor V Leeladhar’s successor, ...
The rupee continued to lose its strength and hit a record low of 50.5925 On Thuresday against the US dollar amid a stock market ...
After the central bank’s rare move to clarify the liquidity position of India’s second largest lender ICICI Bank in ...
Vijaya, United Bank ascertaining requirement for more funds, likely to approach finance ministry soon.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed up to 49 per cent foreign investment in credit information companies (CICs) by a ...
Global rating agency Fitch downgraded the ratings for some financial instruments of IndusInd bank and Uco bank on Thursday.
Ujjivan Financial Services, the Bangalore-based microfinance institution focusing on the urban and semi-urban poor, has completed ...
At a time when the global banking industry is bearing the brunt of financial meltdown, Punjab National Bank (PNB), the second ...
The Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction ( BIFR) is all set to clear the revival package of Paradeep Phosphate ...
Haryana Capfin has received permission to commence and carry on the business of non-banking financial institution (NBFC).
Citigroup has appointed Mark Robinson as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Citi South Asia.
Syndicate Bank today increased the interest rates on short term deposits, with effect from November 20.
For domestic term ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by another 38 paise against $ in early trade on increased capital outflows and strong demand ...
The Federal Reserve’s efforts to rescue the US from financial collapse risks eclipse of central bank’s benchmark ...
Money manager John Paulson has started buying beaten-up mortgage bonds as hedge funds stumbled for a fifth straight month.
Nomura Holdings Chief Executive Officer Kenichi Watanabe, who’s spending $2 billion to take over 8,000 employees from ...
Ratings agency Fitch On Wednesday retained a BBB-grade on ICICI Bank’s long-term foreign currency Issuer Default Rating ...
Indiabulls Group, the Mumbai-based finance firm funded by billionaire Lakshmi Mittal, is shifting from increasing profitability ...
Financial services giant Rabobank and investment banking major Rothschild have entered into a co-operation agreement On Wednesday ...
At a time when the global banking industry is feeling the pinch of the global credit crunch, Central Bank of India is planning to ...
Infrastructure financing non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) have approached the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for relaxation ...
Government bond prices ended up but off from day’s highs after profit booking and comments from a finance ministry official ...
Mutual funds received inflows into their liquid schemes but remained cautious before the corporate advance tax payments and ...
Borrowings of scheduled commercial banks from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) touched Rs 3,058 crore during the fortnight-ended ...
Spreads have widened by 250 to 300 bps now, from just 15 bps a year ago.
The rupee On Wednesday turned weak to close near Rs 50 to a dollar as banks bought greenback for importers and foreign funds.
The global financial meltdown is likely to impact the Indian banking industry, feels KC Chakrabarty, chairman and managing ...
The banks having more than 15 branches in the state should set up the Entrepreneurship Development Institutes (EDIS) in line with ...
Andhra Bank has revised the rates of interest of NRE term deposits with effect from November 15, said a release.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to avail of refinance facility it provides to extend credit support to micro and ...
Canara Bank has increased the interest rates on FCNR & NRE term deposits, with effect from November 16, 2008.
The rates for ...
Deterioration in ICICI Bank's financial profile notwithstanding, credit rating agency Fitch today retained various ratings on the ...
Private insurance company Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance today said that the heavy redemption witnessed by country's ...
Indian Bank has revised interest rates on FCNR (B) deposits in US Dollar, the revised interest rate has been fixed at 4.17 per ...
An improvement in the liquidity situation is visible as also an increased inflow into mutual funds this month, a top mutual funds ...
The rupee was quoted steady against the US currency at 49.68/69 in late morning trade after opening weak, as expectations of a ...
RBI, govt discuss measures to infuse Rs 80,000 crore more into banking system.
Citigroup on Tuesday ruled out any major retrenchment in its India operations.
Iffco-Tokio General Insurance Co, the joint venture promoted by Indian Farmers Fertiliser Co-operative (Iffco) and its associates ...
UK-based Eredene Capital Plc has committed to invest around Rs 40 crore for developing a new container freight station (CFS) ...
Opens R&D facility in Hyd.
After mutual funds (MFs) and non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), now it is probably the turn of the aviation industry to get ...
As the global turmoil spills into India, eight leading bankers discussed ‘Banking in Tough Times’ at the Business ...
Max New York Life Insurance, the country's fourth largest private sector insurer, mulls hiring around 14,000 employees and 30,000 ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) today raised the interest rates for foreign currency and rupee deposits by non-residents, which would ...
ICICI Bank is hopeful of retaining loan growth rate of 15 per cent in the current financial year despite ongoing economic ...
Soon after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) revised the guidelines for FCNR and NRE deposits, Allahabad Bank today announced ...
D Subbarao, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor today said that he was monitoring the current financial situation in the country ...
Syndicate Bank has revised the interest rates upwards on Non-Resident External (NRE) term deposits and FCNR(B) deposits, with ...
Aloula Geojit Brokerage Company, a joint venture between Geojit Financial Services and Saudi Arabia's Al Johar group, today said ...
HSBC Holdings PLC, Europe's largest bank by market value, plans to cut 500 jobs in Asia due to the global economic slump.
The rupee was headed towards the 50-mark today as it fell by 37 paise to 49.71/72 against the $ in sync with bearish equity ...
Despite a slew of measures by the Reserve Bank to infuse liquidity in the system, the spreads in the money market remain at ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has permitted housing finance companies (HFCs) to raise up to $10 million through short-term ...
The Punjab National Bank (PNB) today launched a pilot project on mobile or branchless banking service at Daringibadi in tribal ...
Pakistan’s debt rating remains on review for a downgrade as a “narrow avoidance” of default was not a vast ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank is planning to sign up new overseas alliances with financial firms as the global credit crisis forces local ...
Many commercial banks on Monday raised the interest rate on NRI deposits by 75 basis points (bps) to attract foreign currency ...
Even though the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has reduced the risk weightage on loans to commercial developers and cut general ...
The Indian economy might be facing a temporary setback with inflation hovering around 9.80 percent and GDP growth rate at 7 ...
Deutsche Bank India asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday to further cut reserve ratios as well as policy rates, and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it is committed to providing liquidity in the system so that the economy functions ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country largest private sector lender, has hiked interest rates on its foreign currency and rupee ...
With global financial conditions unlikely to improve shortly, financial services major Citigroup today said the Reserve Bank of ...
India’s second largest bank ICICI Bank today announced that it has revised the  interest rates on its NRE Fixed ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today hiked interest rates for non-resident deposits in foreign currencies by up to 75 basis points.
Housing finance company BHW Home Finance Limited
has been renamed as Deutsche Postbank Home Finance Limited.
The Punjab National Bank (PNB) today launched a pilot project on mobile or branchless banking service at Daringibadi in tribal ...
In a bid to expand its business in Orissa, the public sector Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) plans to open five more branches in ...
With inflation coming down to single digit of 8.98 per cent after a gap of five months, country's largest lender State Bank of ...
In the midst of a credit crisis, private sector insurer MetLife India Insurance Company has got a capital infusion of Rs 100 ...
With inflation coming down to single digit level of 8.98 per cent, CII Chief K V Kamath today said key policy rates could be ...
The Reserve Bank of India today announced a slew of measures to attract foreign currency deposits and boost liquidity to mutual ...
Credit cards come with insurance covers that help in circumstances like accidental death or loss of goods.
At this time of fear and apprehension over jobs, public sector banks are swimming against the tide to go on a hiring spree.
In the midst of the global financial crisis taking its toll on banks in the US and Europe, employees of Asian banks have joined ...
The Kolkata headquartered Allahabad Bank will focus on the southern and western states and plans to open about 13 new branches in ...
Kerala-based private sector lender Dhanalakshmi Bank plans to recruit close to 400 employees, almost one-third of its present ...
At a time when retrenchment has almost become synonymous with financial companies, state-run Union Bank of India is looking to ...
Vikram Pandit-led Citigroup, the world's largest bank, will hand out pink slips to at least 10,000 employees beginning this week ...
Union Bank of India, a public sector lender, today launched its mobile banking service, 'Umobile' enabling its customers perform ...
Central Bank of India, a public sector lender, today announced that it has raised Rs 300 crore from bonds to meet capital ...
Lenders seek details on end-use of advances to non-banking finance companies.
In the wake of pressing challenges to doing business posed by financial meltdown, fluctuating demand and supply, rising oil ...
In order to plug redemptions, ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund has increased the exit load on some of its fixed maturity plan (FMP) ...
In a move that could impact banks’ profitability from forex trade, the Revenue Department has asked them to pay 0.25 per ...
Global banking major, Standard Chartered today said its subsidiary, Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) has agreed to acquire ...
Japan's number two bank Mizuho Financial, hit hard by the credit crunch, said today it would bolster its finances with a capital ...
State-run banks might reduce their bulk deposit rates by 2-3 per cent in the near future following the finance ministry’s ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest life insurer, has registered a 16 per cent fall in its new ...
Arval India Private Ltd (AIPL), a subsidiary of BNP Paribas, will invest Rs 400 crore over the next three years to grow its ...
Mumbai-based financial services company, Edelweiss, has issued pink slips to about 30 employees as a part of the company's cost ...
ICICI Bank will cut down on timing of some branch operations to nine hours from 12 hours earlier in an effort to improve ...
Currency dips 2.4% on heavy dollar demand from PSU banks.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has temporarily enhanced the Ways and Means Advance (WMA) for government to Rs 20,000 crore for ...
UCO Bank today reduced the benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points to 13.75 per cent.
State-run banks might reduce their bulk deposit rates by 2-3 per cent in the near future following finance ministry's instruction ...
Dutch bank and insurance group ING, which received a massive cash injection from the government last month, reported today its ...
Religare, an integrated financial services provider, has formed a strategic alliance with Karur Vysya Bank to offer equity ...
Chinese banks are expected to hand out more than $76 bn in new loans in the fourth quarter, according to central bank figures ...
Corporation Bank today said that it would cut deposit rates by 50 basis points across all maturities beginning next month.
State-run power producer NTPC closed its bond issue on the first day itself as the Rs 500-crore issue was subscribed six times ...
Loss of two major bancassurance partners during April-September has pulled down premium income of Aviva India Life Insurance ...
Prime Minister’s Economic Advisory Council Chairman Suresh D Tendulkar on Tuesday said there is a need to cut the reverse ...
There were no issuances of certificates of deposit (CDs) and commercial papers on Tuesday as fund managers remained cautious on ...
Government bond prices firmed up sharply on fresh demand from banks and corporates, while call rates ended lower on the overnight ...
Banks put tough conditions to finance infrastructure despite RBI measures.
The global financial meltdown has hit the overseas borrowing plans of Indian companies.
Singapore-based Deutsche Asia Pacific Holdings (DAPH), a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, is all set to pick up a 26 per cent ...
Citigroup Inc, the fourth-biggest US bank by market value, plans to stem foreclosures as the firm modifies about $20 billion in ...
American Express Co won US Federal Reserve approval to become a commercial bank, gaining access to government funds as ...
Syndicated loan volumes in India have declined by nearly 46 per cent in the nine months ended September compared to the year-ago ...
US Federal Reserve has approved the application of credit card major American Express to become a bank holding company, which ...
DBS Bank today hiked deposit rates by 100-125 basis points to mobilise funds to meet strong credit demand from customers.
Public sector lender Syndicate Bank is planning to consolidate its business by opening 75 new branches in the country this year, ...
Micro finance institution Cashpor India, has adopted ClassifEye’s innovative camera-phone-based transactions and ...
The Indian rupee today plunged by 27 paise against the greenback in early trade on heavy dollar demand from importers amid weak ...
Disbursement by non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) has declined by 50 per cent over the last two months, according to a report ...
The government on Monday issued Rs 22,000 crore worth of oil bonds to the three oil marketing companies to partly compensate them ...
SKS Microfinance, a Hyderabad-based non-banking financing company, has received $75 million (about Rs 366 crore) in the fourth ...
SBI Life Insurance, the second largest private life insurance company in India, has targeted a total business volume of Rs 11,000 ...
The Reserve Bank of India could toy with the idea of open market purchases of goverment securities after the overwhelming success ...
Prime Minister’s Economic Advisory Council Chairman Suresh D Tendulkar on Monday said concerns over liquidity tightness ...
With the global slowdown reaching Indian shores, banks may see a rise in defaults from companies, small- and medium-size firms ...
Mutual funds were buying certificates of deposit (CDs) and non-convertible debentures (NCDs) as they received inflows from banks ...
Move set to reduce banks’ cost of lending to non-banking finance firms.
In a letter written to the Union finance ministry, the Planning Commission and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Kolkata-based ...
In view of spurt in crop loan defaults for the year 2007-08, the West Bengal State Cooperative Bank(WBSCB) has decided to waive ...
Banks allowed to issue guarantees or LCs for payment obligations.
The Supreme Court on Monday admitted an appeal against the order of the National Consumer Commission, which had imposed ...
Spain's banking major Banco Santander SA today said it will raise euro 7.19 billion through issue of shares on rights basis.
Among important centres of commerce in emerging countries, India's financial capital Mumbai offers the best financial services ...
The disbursement levels of the non-banking financial companies (NBFC), on an average have declined by 50 per cent over the last ...
Vijaya Bank has reduced its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) by 75 basis points from 14% to 13.25%, with effect from today.
Syndicate Bank today reduced its floating interest rates on housing loans by 75 basis points, with effect from November 8, 2008. ...
Global banking giant HSBC said today that its pre-tax profits had risen in the third-quarter despite loan write-offs in the ...
Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance, the country’s largest non-banking finance company (NBFC), today claimed to have raised a ...
The Supreme Court (SC) today admitted an appeal against the order of the National Consumer Commission (NCC), which had imposed ...
ICICI Home Finance, has launched a sepcial offer on fixed deposits with an interest rate at 11.15% per annum, payable annually on ...
State-owned Andhra Bank today reduced its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) by 0.75% to 13.25% with immediate effect.
The rupee is trading firm in early trades at 45.31 versus the $ as against the previous close of 47.66/$
The Central Cooperative Banks (CCBs) in Orissa have recently received about Rs 656.70 crore towards claims under Debt Relief ...
The Kerala office of Nabard has released Rs 89.06 crore to cooperative banks and regional rural banks in the state under the ...
The worse the economy gets, the better it is for Jordan Tabach-Bank.
Public sector banks in Karnataka have joined hands with the state government to increase employment opportunities for rural youth ...
AS Bindra, the father of ace shooter and Olympic gold medallist Abhinav Bindra, has defaulted to banks and financial ...
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) has rejected a proposal by Tata Investment Corporation (TIC) to issue zero coupon ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) aims to expand its presence in Orissa by setting up four new branches in the state in ...
Bangalore-based public sector bank, Canara Bank, has announced reduction in its lending rates for housing loans by 75 basis ...
State-run Bank of Baroda has said its life insurance venture with the UK-based Legal and General Group is expected to start ...
Canara Bank cut home loan rates by 75 basis points (bps) and interest rates on automobile loans by 100 bps, the bank said in a ...
The country’s two largest banks do not need to borrow dollar funds from the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) special ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put out an approach paper for regulating issuance of pre-paid payment instruments, such as ...
Bank to shortlist buyer soon; sale aimed at consolidating mortgage finance business.
However, the norms have become extremely stringent.
Tinesh Bhasin finds out more.
Billionaire Warren Buffett-led Berkshire Hathaway Inc has posted a 76.78 per cent decline in net earnings at $ 1.06 billion for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will provide foreign exchange liquidity to foreign branches and subsidiaries of Indian banks ...
The government and Reserve Bank of India are working on measures that include relaxing norms for non-performing assets (NPAs or ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will provide foreign exchange liquidity to foreign branches and subsidiaries of Indian banks ...
Bank of India (BoI) today said that N Narendra has taken over as its executive director, with effect from November 6.
Prior to ...
Five Hong Kong banks announced today cut in their prime lending rates (PLR), amid growing fears over the state of the economy.
Public sector lender, Central Bank of India today said it has reduced its floating interest rates on housing loans by 0.50%.
Indian banks may see higher NPA levels from their consumer durable and personal loan portfolios moving ahead and needs to take ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM), Bangalore-based associate bank of SBI group, has revised its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) ...
Jag Mohan Garg, Executive Director of Punjab National Bank has joined Mangalore-based public sector lender Corporation Bank as ...
In order to slash its costs by $1.8 bn in 2009, major US credit card group American Express, will lay off 7,000 of its employees, ...
Barclays, global financial services provider, today launched its global retail and commercial bank India website in Hindi, the ...
Singapore's DBS Group, southeast Asia's biggest bank by assets, said today it was cutting 900 staff to trim costs amid the global ...
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) has  said that based on the non-performing assets ...
After resuming lower, the Indian rupee was quoted stable at 47.71/72 against the US currency in late morning deals on ...
The most comprehensive report on unregulated credit-default swaps didn't disclose bets in the section of the more than $47 ...
Too much of liquidity in the market might lead to an increase in bad assets in the coming months, warn experts.
Government bond prices firmed up sharply on good demand from banks and corporates while call rates ended lower on the overnight ...
The new-generation Indian banks are on a par with their global peers in terms of risk appetite, governance and use of ...
After public sector banks, foreign banks in India too joined the bandwagon of rate cuts on Thursday.
The top management of Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) is planning to sell off its assets to repay Rs 99 crore it ...
Despite the slew of measures taken by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in recent weeks, bankers said on Thursday that liquidity ...
May reduce interest on deposits, home loans.
To provide insurance cover to the people in the lower socio-economic strata, the private sector general insurer ICICI Lombard ...
As the financial turmoil rages on , a relatively new practice of lending and borrowing without intermediaries such as banks is ...
The Bank of England (BoE) unexpectedly cut the benchmark interest rate by 1.5 percentage points to the lowest since 1955 as ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) lowered interest rates for the second time in less than a month to counter the euro ...
The World Bank on Thursday agreed to slash mandatory one-time contribution amount from each household in rural areas for the ...
The Uttarakhand finance department today said it was not in a position to concede the demand of the business community for ...
Indian students going in for higher education or job-specific courses overseas will find it tough to get loans from Indian banks.
Non-performing asset (NPA) levels in the Indian banking industry are expected to increase, a top banking industry official said.
Loans from premier public sector lender, State Bank of India, will be cheaper with the bank deciding to cut its prime lending ...
Central Bank of India today reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points to 13.25 per cent.
The Bank of England today slashed its benchmark interest rate to 3 per cent, reportedly the lowest in over 50 years, a move which ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) has been adjudged as "the best performer in asset quality category" among private sector banks ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has reduced its prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points to 13.25 per cent.
Canara Bank, Bangalore-based second largest public sector lender, has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis ...
Dena Bank has announced a reduction of 75 bps in its BPLR from 14.25 per cent
to 13.50 per cent.
State-run Oriental Bank of Commerce today reduced prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points to 13.25%.
SREI Infrastructure Finance, an infrastructure non-banking finance company,  today said it will not reduce its lending rates ...
Bank of Baroda has decided to reduce its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points from existing 14 per cent to 13.25 ...
The global financial crisis and the risks emanating from it are likely to continue for some more time, a senior banker said.
Allahabad Bank today announced reduction in its prime lending rates (PLR) by 75 basis points, with effect from November ...
There is a need to ensure adequate liquidity in the banking system as funding sources overseas have almost dried up, a top ...
Andhra Bank has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points, from 14 per cent
to 13.25 per cent.
The Finance Ministry today said inter-bank call money rates, which had shot up to over 20 per cent on Friday last before RBI cut ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc has begun notifying about 3,200 employees globally that they have lost their jobs, as the world's biggest ...
The chief executive of fallen investment bank Lehman Brothers will step down by the end of the year without severance or a bonus, ...
Vijaya Bank’s net profit for the financial year 2008-09 is likely to remain flat or may even be lower, on year, due to the ...
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India, on Wednesday said that it expects 40 per cent growth in its net profit ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday asked banks to take certificates of deposit (CDs) of all banks as collateral from ...
Government bond prices ended down on Wednesday as investors trimmed portfolios eyeing big supply of bonds through auctions Friday ...
Nexus India Capital, a Mumbai-based venture capital fund with $320 million (Rs 1,568 crore) under management, is looking at ...
State-owned banks fear Finance Minister P Chidambaram’s directive to lend to mutual funds and non-banking finance companies ...
The rupee climbed to a one-month high after overseas investors increased holdings of local equities for a second straight day.
Banks should give more credit to small and medium enterprises in the present financial crisis, said experts at a seminar on ...
Indian banks, especially small, private sector lenders, are curtailing their ATM expansion plans as the Reserve Bank of India ...
The private and foreign banks operating in the country have assured the government that they will reduce their lending and ...
Industry representatives with business interest in the US expect President-elect Barack Obama to increase government spending to ...
The real test for Barack Obama will begin only now as America grapples with the worst financial crisis in a century.
Upbeat about its innovative ‘mallassurance’ channel, Future Generali, the insurance joint venture between Future ...
Four public sector banks (PSB) on Wednesday reduced their benchmark prime lending rate by 50-75 basis points, a day after the ...
India's second largest lender, ICICI Bank, today played its cards close to the chest on lending rate cuts and said it would ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender, Corporation Bank, today revised downward its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 75 ...
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) today announced 50 basis points cut in prime lending rate (PLR), and it will reduce the ...
Syndicate Bank may raise up to Rs 500 crore through subordinated bonds this fiscal.
Bank of India (BoI), a public sector lender, today cut its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points to 13.25 ...
Suffering from the financial crisis, France's largest bank BNP Paribas SA today said its net income has declined by 55.55 per ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank, a private sector bank, today said its net profit grew by 17.85 per cent to Rs 8.78 crore for the second ...
Following a meeting with finance secretary Arun Ramanathan, private banks today indicated that they will cut lending and deposit ...
Finance Secretary Arun Ramanathan today held a meeting with top executives of private and foreign banks to review liquidity ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by another 75 paise at 46.97 against the greenback in early trade on heavy dollar selling by ...
The government’s recent efforts to prop up foreign institutional investments in corporate debt market has not found many ...
Banks place bids worth Rs 2,775 crore to on-lend to funds, NBFCs.
It’s not too early to think about New Year’s resolutions.
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) repurchase auctions of two gilts under the market stabilisation scheme (MSS) for a total ...
Rupee rose reversing early losses as banks sold the greenback noting the turnaround in the local share market movement, dealers ...
Global rating agency Moody’s has downgraded the supported long-term bank deposits and senior unsecured debt of ICICI Bank ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, waiting to take up the UK’s biggest bank bailout, abandoned its full-year profit forecast ...
To furnish fortnightly report on credit flows.
The “rough patch” the insurance industry is going through because of detariffing and accentuated by the general ...
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, today said that it will reduce its benchmark lending rate by at least 50 basis ...
Indian public sector banks are likely to cut deposit and lending rates by 50 to 75 basis points within one week.
Syndicate Bank today announced a downward revision in its benchmark prime lending rate by 75 basis points to 13.25 per cent per ...
Global rating agency Moody's has said the long-term debt and bank deposit ratings for ICICI Bank UK, the British subsidiary of ...
Public sector lender UCO Bank today said it would cut prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points (bps) by next week.
The Indian rupee today slipped by 22 paise against the greenback in early trade following fresh dollar buying by state-run banks ...
NHB set to allow external commercial borrowings and separate lending window at cheaper rate.
Two public sector banks, Union Bank of India and United Bank of India (UBI), today cut lending rates by 25-50 basis points (bps) ...
Redemption pressures and a sharp fall in share prices have turned overseas institutional investors and hedge funds into distress ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has entered into an agreement with Mother Dairy to benefit the milk producers in Uttar Pradesh.
The first interest-rate cut in seven years had to be traumatic for Bank of Japan staffers.
A study by ABN Amro said that the growth of India’s manufacturing sector came at a weaker rate this October as compared to ...
In an attempt to tide over the current turbulent economic conditions, non-banking finance company Shriram Transport Finance ...
SBI Card is planning to roll out a “financial difficulty package” for customers who have been good at repayment, yet ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram is likely to advise public sector banks to ensure adequate financing support to industrial sectors ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram has assured industry that the government will ask state-owned banks to cut interest rates.
UBS AG, Switzerland's largest bank, faces dozens of claims in the US from clients who bought “100 per cent principal ...
Having lost significant market share to private players in the first half of the financial year, Life Insurance Corporation of ...
The rupee strengthened to end at a two-week high against the dollar today as inflows from foreign funds after large outflows last ...
At a time when corporate India has seen its net profits shrink, banks, whose share prices have been hammered in recent weeks, ...
Enthused by government's commitment to act proactively and ensure more liquidity to promote economic growth, ICICI Bank Managing ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today cut interest rates on Foreign Currency Non-Resident (FCNR) deposit schemes for dollar, British ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India hopes to commence its custodial joint venture with French banking major Societe ...
United Bank of India (UBI) announced reduction in lending rates by 25 basis points to all advances linked with prime lending ...
In a bid to expand their global relationship, HSBC and Visa announced that an exclusive partnership agreement extending to 20 ...
Commerzbank, the second-biggest German bank, took the plunge and said today it would ask the government for 8.2 bn euro in cash ...
Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank has reported a 29 per cent increase in net profit during the quarter ended September 30, 2008 at ...
State-run lender Union Bank of India today reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points to 13.5 per cent ...
The Indian currency today appreciated by 47 paise to 48.99 against the greenback in early trade on lack of dollar demand amid ...
Leading lender IDBI Bank has decided to sell its housing loan subsidiary, IDBI Homefinance (IHFL), unlike its earlier plan to ...
State Bank of India Chairman O P Bhatt today said the country’s largest lender will take a call on revising interest rates ...
In an effort to soothe nerves of the country’s mutual funds (MFs) and the non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), the ...
Warning that mutual funds and non-banking financial institutions with an exposure of Rs 630,000 crore could crumble under high ...
IDBI Bank has decided to sell its housing loan subsidiary, IDBI Homefinance (IHFL), unlike its earlier plan to merge the unit ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which manages funds worth Rs 6,00,000 crore, will soon launch credit cards and ...
Hailing RBI's latest policy package to infuse additional liquidity as a signal for a cut in interest rates, Finance Minister P ...
Contrary to belief that it was under withdrawal pressure, India's top private sector lender ICICI Bank today said that it has ...
Cash-strapped non-banking finance companies, or NBFCs, may finally see their liquidity situation ease with the Reserve Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of India today announced a fresh set of measures to infuse more liquidity into the financial system to encourage ...
After infusing Rs 1,85,000-cr liquidity into the banking system, the RBI today effected yet another 100 basis points cut in cash ...
Barclays Plc, Britain's second-biggest bank, will raise £7.3 billion ($11.8 billion) from a group that includes investors ...
Governor Shirakawa casts the deciding vote.
Kotak Q2 PAT falls 33.33% to Rs 161 cr
Kotak Mahindra Bank today said its consolidated profit after tax (PAT) fell over 33 per ...
Syndicate Bank Q2 net up 15% 
Syndicate Bank today reported a 15.08 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 261.91 crore for the ...
Punjab National Bank, India’s third largest lender, today cut its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points ...
Despite a steep rise in non-tax provisions, Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Friday said its second quarter net profit rose 31.31 ...
The Union Cabinet on Friday approved a proposal to table a Bill in Parliament to increase the paid-up capital of state-run Life ...
After mutual funds and banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today stepped in to help cash-strapped non-banking financing ...
Soaring call rates, repo borrowing signal tighter liquidity again.
After a four-year delay, the Union Cabinet today approved a Bill for comprehensive amendment of insurance laws, including a ...
The Union Cabinet has given its approval for restructuring the capital base for the state-run UCO Bank, Finance Minister P ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated by 21 paise to 49.46 against the greenback following dollar selling by state-run banks.
Collateral and commodity management solutions and services provider, National Bulk Handling Corporation Ltd (NBHC) aims to tie up ...
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with SME Rating Agency of India Ltd (Smera).
Fannie Mae’s portfolio of home loans and bonds grew at 2.3 per cent annual rate last month as federal regulators seized ...
Orissa finance minister Prafulla Chandra Ghadai today called upon the banks operating in the state to be liberal in extending ...
State Bank of India is mulling to expand its network in Uttar Pradesh.
State Bank of India is considering expanding its network in Uttar Pradesh.
State-owned commercial banks are expected to garner at least Rs 20,000 crore of additional bulk-deposits from public sector ...
Trade was lacklustre, as there were very few buyers in the market today and as most traders refrained from purchasing secondary ...
Deposits with State Bank of India (SBI) have been growing daily by Rs 1,000 crore on an average in the last 10 days, an executive ...
In a departure from the usual practice of direct recruitment, State Bank of India (SBI) plans to use the services of headhunters ...
China, Norway also bring down rates; ECB expected to loosen policy next week.
High provisions and a sharp fall in its non-interest income have hit the second quarter numbers of public sector lender Central ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday relaxed the prudential norms for banks’ exposure to derivative contracts by ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram will meet the heads of public sectors banks and financial institutions, like IFCI and Small ...
Regional rural banks (RRBs), which have been playing a key role in rural lending, are now seeking more visibility and parity with ...
Non-deposit-taking non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), with an asset size of Rs 100 crore and above, can now increase their ...
They have conquered many a male bastion, whether it is driving an auto-rickshaw or playing a role in the armed forces.
Government bond prices ended up on Wednesday because investors bet that interest rate cuts across the globe and persistent ...
The rupee ended off highs against the dollar as most banks bought the greenback for importers to meet their month-end ...
The festive mood has been a little subdued in the realty market this season as home buyers are kept waiting and watching for a ...
Lenders borrow Rs 56,000 cr through RBI’s repo facility to meet reporting needs.
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today reviewed the liquidity conditions in the money markets, including the ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today held discussions with regulators, policy-makers and economists to discuss the global ...
Rising call money rates, at which banks give money to each other for short-term needs, are a matter of concern, even though ...
The Bank of Japan (BOJ) is considering additional credit easing measures, including a possible interest rate cut, in an attempt ...
The Indian rupee today recovered by 29 paise at 49.59 per $ in early trade as dollar weakened against other Asian currencies amid ...
Iceland's central bank unexpectedly raised the benchmark interest rate to 18 percent, the highest in at least seven years, after ...
Dubai Gold and Commodities Exchange (DGCX) - an initiative of the Financial Technologies (India), Multi Commodity Exchange of ...
Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) Financial Services on Monday said its consolidated net profit for the second quarter declined ...
The rupee recovered from its lows on intervention from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which stepped in to soften the blow due ...
In a major relief to exporters, the Reserve Bank of India has extended the time period for concessional interest rates for ...
JM Financial reported on Monday a 53.36 per cent drop in net profit (after tax, minority interest and share of associates) on a ...
Banks borrow Rs 42,770 crore from RBI ahead of Diwali.
The number of homes for sale fell to a seasonally adjusted 394,000, the fewest since June 2004
Sales of new houses in the US ...
It is the end-use of funds borrowed by non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and fixed maturity plans (FMPs) of mutual funds that ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may hike the single-entity holding limit under the foreign direct investment (FDI) route in ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest lender, on Monday gave a strong signal of maintaining a status quo on ...
High provisioning for bad loans, subsidiaries' weak numbers dent profit.
Hit by higher provisioning and mark-to-market (MTM) losses on its overseas books, the country’s largest private sector ...
JPMorgan India, which plans to invest $1 billion across sectors in the country, has so far committed $450 million in real estate, ...
Indian federal bond yields fell as sliding commodity and oil prices raised expectations of a rate cut in the near term, but a ...
ICICI Bank reported a consolidated net profit decline of 27.44% y-o-y to Rs 651.48 crore for the quarter ended September ...
Financial services major JM Financial is expecting good business for its proposed asset reconstruction company (ARC) due to ...
Citigroup expects the Reserve Bank to further reduce the benchmark short-term lending (repo) rate or mandatory deposit that banks ...
The country’s largest Bank, State Bank of India (SBI) has posted an 11.5 per cent increase in net  profit during the ...
Foreign Institutional Investors today
sold equities worth Rs 1,027.30 cr, amid the Sensex losing 191 points today.
JPMorgan India, which plans to invest $1 billion across sectors in the country, has so far committed $450 million in real estate, ...
Amid criticism of its exposure to 'toxic' assets abroad, India's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank today said its UK ...
The Indian currency continued its downward march and plunged to 50.05 against the greenback in early trade today on heavy dollar ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank is planning to launch gold bullion trading.
A proposal to this effect was recently cleared by the board ...
Within hours of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) mid-term review of the annual policy on Friday, top bankers ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it signed a joint venture (JV) agreement with Macquarie and International Finance ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today indicated that the country’s largest lender may not reduce interest ...
Union Bank of India has posted a net profit of Rs 361.4 crore for the quarter ended September 2008, 31 per cent higher compared ...
Rating agency Icra today said its net profit for the second quarter ended September 30 grew by 20.49 per cent to Rs 9.82 crore, ...
Mangalore-based, old-generation, private-sector lender, Karnataka Bank, today reported a 22.3 per cent rise in its net profit at ...
Corporation Bank, the Mangalore-based public sector lender, today reported a 18.6 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 191.51 ...
Despite making large provisions for its overseas exposure, public sector lender Bank of Baroda (BoB) today reported a 20.81 per ...
India’s growth story will continue despite a slight deceleration, but there will be no recession as in some advanced ...
Following its purchase of shares of leading US banks, the US government is considering buying equity stakes in insurance ...
Corporation Bank today reported 18.6 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 191.51 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
Union Bank of India has posted a net profit of Rs 361.4 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, 31 per cent higher as ...
India's growth story will continue despite a slight deceleration, but there will be no recession as in some advanced economies, ...
Another sign of deepening financial crisis, Stearns Bank will acquire the Georgia-based Alpha Bank and Trust, the 16th American ...
The pound tumbled below $1.53 in its biggest drop in at least 37 years after a report showed the UK economy contracted more than ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed Clearing Corporation of India (CCIL) to provide guarantee to inter-bank currency ...
Government bond prices tumbled on Friday by over a rupee-and-a-half as absence of any new liquidity boosting measures from ...
The rupee fell to its all-time low when it touched 50 per dollar intraday after local shares plunged 11-12 per cent to their ...
Public sector lender IDBI Bank’s second quarter net profit has risen 4 per cent to Rs 162 crore driven by higher fee-based ...
India Inc today demanded additional measures including cutting interest rates further and infusing additional liquidity to ...
The Reserve Bank today held steady its key rates, surprising bankers who said that customers would have to wait awhile for any ...
Bankers today said they do not expect lending and deposit rates to decline in the immediate term following the Reserve Bank's ...
The struggling insurance giant American International Group has already used up three-quarters of a $ 123 bn government rescue ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has extended an eight-year loan of $ 800 bn to Himachal Pradesh to finance the construction of ...
Finance Minster P Chidambaram, reacting to the Reserve Bank of India’s mid-term review of Annual Policy for the year ...
The Indian rupee today breached the crucial 50-level against the greenback on sustained dollar purchases by foreign banks and ...
Bangalore-based Phoenix Group Global, owner and promoter of luxury resorts, is planning to invest over Rs 500 crore in various ...
Madhya Pradesh is yet to emerge as an agri-destination for investors.
Rabo India Finance Ltd, hired by the Punjab State Cooperative Milk Producers’ Federation Ltd (popularly known as Milkfed) ...
Chrysler LLC, the third-largest US automaker, will eliminate 25 percent of its salaried workforce, or about 4,300 jobs, starting ...
With the global financial crisis hurting more companies in developed countries, Indian insurance firms have hiked premium rates ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has started a comprehensive review of the operational guidelines applicable to foreign banks in ...
Government bond prices continued to head north on Thuresday because worries of a cut in statutory liquidity ratio faded prompting ...
Currency closes at another low of 49.82 despite RBI intervention.
ICICI Bank, the country’s second largest lender, has raised its home loan rates by 100 basis points for new borrowers.
HDFC Bank, India’s second-largest private bank, has overtaken ICICI Bank, the largest private player, in terms of market ...
The proposed divestment of 21.5 per cent stake in Axis Bank by state-run Special Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (SUUTI) has ...
SBI Life Insurance Co on Thursday launched its first group health insurance plan ‘Criti9’ for State Bank Group ...
Amid the gloom and doom there may be some good news with a survey conducted by the Reserve Bank of India indicating that ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering options to make cheaper finance available to the non-banking finance companies ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has initiated its first financial inclusion project in south India for informal sector workers in ...
Kumbakonam-based private bank City Union Bank has reported a 42 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended September ...
Edelweiss Capital posted a profit after tax (PAT) of Rs 43.6 crore in the quarter ended September 30, 2008, a drop of 22.6 per ...
Public sector lender, Dena Bank reported a 11.59 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 102.83 crore for the quarter ended ...
City-based public-sector lender Vijaya Bank today reported a 24.1 per cent drop in its net profit to Rs 79.88 crore for the ...
A relaxation in the external commercial borrowing (ECB) norms by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to bring any fresh ...
International banks have sharply reduced their exposure to banks and non-banks in India during the second quarter of this year, ...
The macro-economic review released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on the eve of the mid-term monetary policy review has shown ...
With the financial world in the grip of turmoil, the net foreign capital flows to India were lower until early October 2008 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thuresday said there were signs of moderation in inflationary pressures but warned that ...
High interest rates seem to have had an impact on personal loan flows, but there is a spurt in credit-card outstanding, according ...
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority today intervened in the foreign exchange market, buying 3.88 bn Hong Kong dollars (500 mn) worth ...
The country's second largest lender, ICICI Bank has reised its home loan rates by 100 basis points for new borrowers.
UTI Mutual Fund today launched its unique scheme, "UTI Wealth Builder Fund-Series II" which combines the benefits of ...
Vijaya Bank has reported a dip of 24.10% in its net profit at Rs 79.88 cr in the quarter ended by September 30, 2008 as against ...
SBI Life Insurance Co.
Ltd today launched its first group health insurance plan "Criti9" for State Bank Group
Public sector lender Vijaya Bank today said its net profit for the second quarter ended September 30 witnessed a 24.10% dip at Rs ...
Tamil Nadu-based City Union Bank today said its net profit for the second quarter ended September 30 rose 40.53% at Rs 37.65 ...
The Indian rupee today touched an all-time low of 49.68 against the greenback in early trade following increased dollar demand ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said the flow of credit from scheduled commercial banks, including regional rural ...
EFG International, Switzerland’s third-largest private banking major, is understood to be eyeing $3-billion assets under ...
The government is likely to infuse Rs 3,000 crore in seven public sector banks to shore up their Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) to ...
Yes Bank plans 100 bps cut, other private players to wait; public sector may move first.
Government bond prices ended off highs on Wednesday as fears of oversupply and a cut in banks’ statutory liquidity ratio ...
Coming down heavily on ICICI Bank for making unsolicited calls to mobile-phone users, the Delhi High Court on Wednesday declined ...
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) lowering the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) by 250 basis points to 6.5 per cent, the system ...
Asian currencies fell against the greenback, led by South Korea’s won and Indonesia’s rupiah, on concern that a ...
The Reserve Bank of India today threw open overseas borrowing norms by allowing companies to borrow up to $500 million for rupee ...
Investors are taking losses of up to 90 per cent in the $1.2 trillion market for collateralised debt obligations tied to ...
Coal India Limited (CIL) has zeroed in on 3 consultants - PwC, Ernst & Young and Crisil - to do the financial due-diligence ...
The ICICI Bank, the second largest bank in the country, will focus on the rural market and the agriculture sector for its future ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) has registered a 14.87 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 232.27 crore for the ...
Consumer finance company Bajaj Auto Finance on Wednesdayx said its net profit for the second quarter ended September 30 rose by ...
Bajaj Finserv posted a net loss of Rs 11.87 crore for the second quarter ended September 2008 on a consolidated basis, as ...
Riding on higher income from advances and investments, public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has posted a 35 per ...
Yes Bank on Wednesday reported a 40.5 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 63.62 crore for the second quarter, as against Rs 45.28 ...
Bank of India (BoI) reported a 79.39 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 762.8 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, ...
Expressing concern over the lack of accountability of  rating agencies, the top BJP leadership today sought options from ...
The US Federal Reserve reached deeper into the troubled financial system, offering up to $540 billion of help to money market ...
Private sector bank Yes Bank has posted a 41 per cent increase in its net for the second quarter of this financial year as ...
State-run Oriental Bank of Commerce today said it has posted a net profit of Rs 236.89 crore for the second quarter ended ...
Amidst economic slowdown, British insurance major Legal & General is looking to India as a source of growth and is likely to ...
The Indian rupee plunged by 25 paise against the greenback in early trade today following increased dollar demand from importers ...
The net profit of Indiabulls Securities has declined 33.72 per cent at Rs 37.60 for the quarter ended September 30, ...
Clearing and settlement of around 120,000 transactions amounting to a total volume of Rs 4 lakh crore on the real-time gross ...
Faced with increasing rescue packages in Europe and elsewhere to bail out the battered banks, credit markets are showing ...
By cutting the rate at which it lends to commercial banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decisively signalled that it has ...
Shree Cement Ltd today reported a net profit of Rs 107.49 crore during the second quarter ended September, up merely 1 per cent ...
Emami Limited’s FMCG business recorded a consolidated growth of 21.6 per cent in net sales to touch Rs 127 crore during the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has expressed concern at the low credit-deposit (CD) ratio of commercial banks in Punjab, especially in ...
India's GDP growth rate might dip below the government estimate of 7 percent from its current 7.9 percent in the first quarter of ...
Even as foreign institutional investors rapidly pull out their money from Dalal Street, Norway’s sovereign wealth fund, the ...
The cost of borrowing in euros for three months fell to the lowest level since before Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc collapsed as ...
France’s investment in its six biggest banks brings to at least $128 billion the amount European governments are pouring ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are looking at easing external commercial borrowings (ECB) guidelines and ...
About $500 bn has flowed out of prime money market funds since August.
On Sunday September 21, just before 3 pm, Lloyd Blankfein gathered the top executives of Goldman Sachs Group in his 30th-floor ...
Indiabulls Financial Services has recorded a 27.95 per cent fall in consolidated net profit after tax and minority interest at Rs ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance reported a 56 per cent growth in premium in the half year ended September 30, 2008.
The premium ...
State-owned IDBI Bank plans to raise up to Rs 2,000 crore through upper tier-II bonds to shore up its capital base and support ...
LIC Housing Finance has reported a 16.06 per cent rise in the net profit to Rs 135.06 crore for the second quarter ended ...
The global financial turmoil has forced LIC Housing Finance, the country’s second mortgage player, to go slow on a proposed ...
The decline in credit quality continued for the first six months of the financial year 2008-09, where three long-term ratings ...
First, it was concern over defaults from retail and small and medium enterprises (SMEs).
Normal payment and settlement operations of the Reserve bank were affected today as the employee union went on a "mass ...
Manipal-headquartered public sector lender, Syndicate Bank, is taking electronic way to extend the financial inclusion project to ...
Mumbai-based Asia MotorWorks (AMW), manufacturer of heavy and medium commercial vehicles is eyeing the Karnataka market for boost ...
Government bond prices surged today, rising Rs 2.35 at close on Monday, as a steep 100-basis point cut in the repo rate to 8 per ...
State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur (SBBJ) on Monday said that its net profit rose 36.20 per cent to Rs 179.37 crore during ...
Cut in repo rate prompts central bank to put off the sale of papers.
The government said on Monday that banks have provided Rs 95,064 crore as agricultural loans in the first six months of the ...
IL&FS Investment Manager on Monday announced a net profit of Rs 14.41 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, a two ...
Bangalore-based and India’s second largest public sector lender, Canara Bank, on Monday reported a robust 31.8 per cent ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) registered a margial drop of 1.1 per cent in its net profit at Rs 90.16 crore for the second quarter ...
The global financial meltdown is a blessing in disguise for the banking sector as assets are available at a cheaper price.
After raising $51.73 million (around Rs 248 crore) in June through issue of global depository receipts (GDRs), private sector ...
Prevents Axis Bank from approaching DRT to recover money.
Most bankers indicated that they may lower deposit and lending rates after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today signalled an end ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke endorsed additional fiscal stimulus, saying the credit crunch is “hitting ...
By cutting the rate at which the central bank lends to commercial banks, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decisively signalled ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today lowered the repo rate, or the rate at which it lends to banks, by 100 basis points to 8 per ...
The Reserve Bank today said it has appointed Deepak Mohanty as the head of its economic policy, statistics and information ...
The central bank is looking to check flight of capital under the guise of repatriation of portfolio investments.
While the recent moves by the regulator has eased the near-term liquidity pressure for banks, there are concerns pertaining to ...
Collateral stocks sold at huge losses as defaults mount.
Chennai-based, state-run Indian Bank has reported a 14.27 per cent increase in net profit during the second quarter ended ...
I-bank under scanner for role in auction-rate securities market.
Federal Bank posted a 20 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 114.28 crore for the quarter ended September 2008 compared with Rs ...
Private-sector lender Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) today announced a net profit of Rs 34.63 crore for the second quarter ended ...
Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank has reported nearly 83 per cent fall in net profit to Rs 41.68 crore for the second quarter ended ...
The Reserve Bank of India today said that there may be some disruption of normal work, including an impact on the payment and ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank has reported 14.27 per cent increase in net profit during the quarter ended September at Rs 282.93 ...
Indian Bank posted 14.27 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 282.92 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 as against Rs ...
Weighed down by huge contingency plan, Allahabad Bank today reported 83 per cent fall in net profit at Rs 41.69 crore for the ...
Federal Bank today reported a 20 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 114.28 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 when ...
India's foreign exchange reserves fell $9.94 billion during the week ending October 10, 2008 to $274 billion mainly because the ...
Failed meeting with Governor D Subbarao has led to stir.
China’s securities regulator said the government will unveil measures to stabilise the country's markets, while exhorting ...
Combined sales of new and existing homes have fallen 36%.
HDFC, the country’s largest housing finance company, today said second quarter net profit rose 32.42 per cent, excluding ...
The net profit after tax of HDFC grew 32.4 per cent to Rs 534.23 crore for the quarter ended September 2008 against Rs 403.44 ...
Mangalore-based public sector lender, Corporation Bank, is offering a festival bonanza on Corp Home and Corp Mobile Loans from ...
The government has sought data from the Reserve Bank of India to consider a proposal to enhance the investment limit for bank ...
Larsen & Toubro (L&T) is looking to expand its financial services business and hopes to have a presence in each and every ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) reported a 29.8 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 184.84 crore for the quarter ended September 2008 ...
Driven by strong growth in fee income, private lender IndusInd Bank today reported a 51 per cent surge in net profit for the ...
A day after the Reserve Bank announced an increase in interest rate ceiling by 50 basis points on non-resident deposits, two ...
HDFC Bank, the country’s second largest private sector lender, which merged Centurion Bank of Punjab with itself in May ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, is not likely to cut lending rates immediately, at least not before ...
Switzerland gave UBS AG, the European bank with the biggest losses from the credit crisis, a $59.2 billion rescue and pushed ...
Commercial banks stay away as 9% rate makes scheme unttractive.
Indian clean technology (cleantech) businesses are finally catching the eye of the investor community.
The rupee ended down against the dollar as banks bought the greenback noting persistent outflows from foreign funds on a sharp ...
Government bond yields fell almost 20 basis points today because the Reserve Bank of India’s 100-bps cut in banks’ ...
CRR cut, other RBI measures leave market flush with funds.
The inward remittance cell of the State Bank of India (SBI), which was expected to start functioning by September, will now start ...
Indian mutual funds sold a net Rs 7,720 crore ($1.6 billion) of debt this month, the most this year, to meet redemptions from ...
The Union Cabinet today deferred a decision on the much awaited insurance bill that aims at raising the foreign direct investment ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India announced an increase in interest rate ceiling by 50 basis points on non-resident deposits; ...
Syndicate Bank today revised upwards its rate of interest on Domestic Term Deposits.
Rupee today breached the 49 mark against the US $ and fell by 52 paise in early trade following increased capital outflow by ...
Non-banking finance company (NBFC) Cholamandalam DBS Finance has decided to shut down 75 of its 260 branches across the country.
With government funding for banks no longer a taboo globally, India too has joined the rush to enhance the capital base of its ...
Rupee ended down today, snapping its two-day rise against the dollar, led by persistent outflows from foreign funds, dollar ...
Even as the government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced a slew of measures to enhance liquidity into the ...
Call rates ease to 10%, government bonds soar.
Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) have been selling their holdings in frontline private sector banks such as ICICI Bank and ...
The Uttarakhand government today said it would sign an agreement with the Manila-based Asian Development Bank (ADB) for getting a ...
The banks operating in Orissa will extend credit for the coming rabi crops on a priority basis.
The Reserve Bank of India today reduced the cash reserve ratio (CRR), or the proportion of deposits banks set aside, by another ...
After extensive consultations among top policy makers including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, the government today announced ...
Sotheby's said it borrowed $250 million and cut guarantees it will offer sellers for the rest of the year by one-third as global ...
The Federal Reserve may subsidise America’s companies by purchasing their short-term debt at rates below those demanded by ...
Three-month rate for dollars has risen about 3 bps since Oct 8.
Dollar money-market rates fell after the European Central Bank, ...
The cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks, which is 7.5 per cent at present was cut by 100 basis points to 6.5 per cent ...
After identifying liquidity as the main problem that has constrained the financial system, a number of measures were taken ...
Assuring a strong commitment to India and its alliances with ICICI Bank, UK financial giant Prudential has said it is open to ...
Lukewarm response from banks to the special short-term lending (repo) facility today prompted the Reserve Bank to extend the ...
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 46 paise to 48.55 against the US dollar in early trade due to better demand from importers ...
Finance firms offload stocks as value of collateral drops
Exploiting the ongoing selling pressure by overseas investors, the ...
In the midst of global economic meltdown, India today announced that it exceeded its 2007-08 export target of $160 billion by ...
Banks submit four bids for Rs 3,500 crore in RBI's Rs 20,000 crore special repo auction.
The 10-year government bonds declined the most in almost three weeks on speculation that policy-makers will cut the amount of ...
As the time to select the successor of RBI Deputy Governor V Leeladhar draws closer, the debate over the practice of choosing ...
g
The South Indian Bank (SIB) recorded a rise of 44.80 per cent in net profit to Rs 51.68 crore for the second quarter of the ...
In spite of the government’s efforts to help cooperative banks post the farm loan relief scheme, through the liquidity ...
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson plans to use $250 billion of taxpayer funds to purchase stakes in thousands of financial firms ...
Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP), a unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) has successfully implemented e-payment to its ...
Will the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) bailout serve as a trigger for more redemptions, or will it bring back a ...
IFCI has recorded a 48 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 259 crore in the second quarter ended September 30 as against Rs 497 ...
The finance ministry has issued an advisory to public sector banks to be extra vigilant and avoid transactions where risk element ...
After Reserve Bank of India (RBI) assured that the Indian banking system is in sound health, rating agency Crisil said it is ...
The Finance Ministry has issued an advisory to public sector banks to be extra vigilant and avoid transactions where risk element ...
The South Indian Bank has posted a rise of 44.8 per cent in its net profit at Rs 51.68 crore for the quarter ended 30 September ...
The Indian rupee appreciated by 50 paise to 47.75/76 against the US dollar in morning trade today on fresh dollar selling by ...
The Mangalore-headquartered Karnataka Bank Ltd, an private sector lender has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) ...
High real estate costs are forcing many financial services firms to shift their back-office work out of Mumbai.
Credit fundamentals of ICICI Bank continue to be sound, backed by strong market position in the domestic banking industry and ...
Brimming with confidence that the “worst is behind” it, ICICI Bank on Monday said it would not let its guard down and ...
Billionaire investor and entrepreneur George Soros backed the United States’ plan to buy equity in banks but forecast a ...
Buoyed by higher incomes, private sector lender Axis Bank today reported a 77 per cent rise in second quarter net profit to Rs ...
The cut in cash reserve ratio, positive outlook by rating agencies help bank stocks rebound
The 150-basis point (bps) reduction ...
Non-resident deposits in Kerala's banks have made a strong come back in the fist quarter of the current fiscal.
In a move to boost liquidity, the government and the Reserve Bank of India are considering a special window to enable banks with ...
Government bond prices ended flat today giving up almost a rupee of intraday gains due to worries that the Reserve Bank of India ...
Money-market rates for euro fell after policy-makers offered banks unlimited dollar funding and European governments pledged to ...
Banks submit four bids for Rs 3,500 crore in RBI's Rs 20,000 crore special repo auction.
Call money rate ended below 10 per cent as banks’ borrowing requirements came down after the central bank cut cash reserve ...
Banks may cut 62,000 jobs in London by the end of next year, reducing employment in the industry to the lowest level in more than ...
Barclays Plc, the UK’s second-biggest bank, plans to sell more than £6.5 billion ($11 billion) of shares to private ...
The Mumbai police today formed a special team to look into a complaint filed by ICICI Bank that a cartel led by some high profile ...
Liquidity crunch and fear are driving redemptions by companies in liquid and debt funds.
ICICI Bank has no liquidity problem as it has Rs 90,000 crore in government securities, besides the global subsidiaries have $2.5 ...
Axis Bank has reported a 76.85 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 402.91 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2008 ...
Shares of ICICI Bank today surged as much 19 per cent in the early morning trade on the Bombay Stock Exchange after the Chief ...
The Indian rupee today appreciated to 48.07 against the greenback in early trade owing to selling of dollars by state-run banks ...
The liquidity crunch has prompted some private sector financial players to seek government guarantees on inter-institutional ...
RBI governor says capital flows, demand for loans may be hit.
Despite assurances, fear is mounting among depositors here of the safety of their deposits in certain private banks.
This has led ...
Battered by rumours that cast doubts about its financial health, ICICI Bank today approached the police alleging that certain ...
In a bid to expand its business in Orissa, Axis Bank has decided to open at least 8 more branches in the state in the current ...
ICICI Bank today received a much-needed boost with global rating agencies Moody's and Standard & Poor’s ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said its inspection of ICICI Bank and its UK subsidiary has not revealed anything to cause ...
MTM loss notional, small in relation to balance sheets, says RBI.
A British resident or business is declared insolvent every five minutes or so, according to an advocacy group.
ICICI Bank on Sunday said it was conservative when it comes to growing its businesses and that its deposits and savings are ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 155 crore for the construction of 16,500 poly ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor D Subbarao has said that India may escape the worst consequences of the global financial ...
General Motors Corp is in preliminary talks with Cerberus Capital Management LP's Chrysler LLC about a possible merger or other ...
It is mission damage control and ICICI Bank is pulling out all the stops.
Assuring depositors that their money was safe in banks, Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao today said the Central bank was ...
General Electric Co is tightening lending standards worldwide to help reduce risks amid the global credit crunch, Chief Financial ...
The Reserve Bank
has approved the appointment of Amitabh Chaturvedi as Managing Director & CEO of the Dhanalakshmi Bank.
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has said that the US government planned to invest directly in US banks to prevent them from ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao said that Indian banks have some exposure to distressed financial instruments, but it ...
Federal regulators directed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to start purchasing $40 billion a month of underperforming mortgage bonds ...
Faced with a tight monetary situation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sought data from the mutual funds on their debt ...
While reiterating that the fundamentals of the Indian economy are sound, Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan today ...
India’s foreign exchange reserves declined $7.8 billion, the highest in last two years to touch $ 283.941 billion at the ...
The rupee fell to a lifetime low of 49.26 against the US dollar in morning trade on Friday before recovering to close at 48.47 on ...
ICICI Bank Joint Managing Director Chanda Kochhar said today that the country’s second largest lender has adequate rupee ...
Cuts CRR by additional 100 bps, cancels bond auctions; yet call rates near 20%.
Factoring in the deterioration in the global financial environment, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced an additional ...
After plunging to a historic level of 49.30 in morning trade, the Indian currency recovered sharply to 48.20 against the US ...
With another round of cut in the mandatory cash deposit requirement by 100 basis points, bankers feel that the easing of the ...
The British government may own as much as 30 per cent of four of the country’s biggest banks as it doles out the £50 ...
Bonuses at London’s banks may slump by almost 60 per cent in 2008, with no return to the record payouts of the past four ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) may be the largest bank in the country in terms of capital reserves, but in employee productivity, ...
Singapore, China and Hong Kong most resilient in Asia, says Citigroup index.
Funds dry up owing to liquidity crunch, high debt.
ICICI Bank has said that only Japanese banks have the necessary financial muscle to acquire banks in the US and Europe, in ...
State Bank of India (SBI) may be the largest bank of the country in terms of capital reserve, but in terms of employee ...
The Bank of Japan (BOJ) pumped a record 4 trillion yen into the Tokyo money market today for the 17th consecutive day of ...
Wells Fargo & Co and Citigroup Inc agreed to extend their truce in the takeover battle for Wachovia Corp, continuing talks ...
HSBC Holdings Plc, Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and the biggest UK banks face the most debt coming due in at least 10 years ...
The UK banks will get an unprecedented £50-billion ($87 billion) government lifeline and emergency loans from the central ...
One hundred years from now, the publication of “The Panic of 2008’’ will provide an opportunity to reconstruct ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has capped fees charged by banks for electronic payment (e-payment) and collection of outstation ...
With the banks betting on low risk lending, like small and medium enterprises (SME) and agriculture in the recent days, private ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is planning to partner a public sector bank to launch its credit cards.
Proposed non-banking financial company to offer loans, credit cards.
The Federal Reserve, European Central Bank (ECB) and four other central banks lowered interest rates in an unprecedented ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued guidelines to enable subscribers of mobile-banking services to send and receive up ...
The World Bank will soon extend a tranche of $180 million soft loan to Madhya Pradesh for the second phase of its district ...
Yields on 10-year corporate bond papers rose 30 basis points today as foreign banks offloaded positions substantially, dealers ...
Call rate ended firm above 10 per cent on Wednesday as banks borrowed to cover their reserve needs for two days, dealers said.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said credit extended by scheduled commercial banks, including regional rural banks ...
The US Federal Reserve said it cut federal funds rate by 0.5% to 1.5%.
Kotak Mahindra Bank has announced an upward revision of interest rates on its term deposit in the general category.
Deutsche Bank today announced the appointment of Munish Varma as head of global markets in India, where he will be responsible ...
Rating agency Crisil on Tuesday said that it has placed the ratings on long-term debt instruments of Citibank NA’s Indian ...
Economists are now predicting that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would resort to another round of cut in the Cash Reserve Ratio ...
With the government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) taking steps to ease the liquidity crunch, home borrowers and small ...
The current global financial turmoil has underlined the importance of the size of a central bank’s balance sheet.
The government is considering a sovereign long-term dollar-denominated bond overseas to raise funds to ease Indian banks and ...
Citigroup Inc,Wells Fargo & Co and the takeover target they’re fighting for, Wachovia Corp, agreed to a two-day truce ...
The world’s major banks may need $675 billion in fresh capital over the next several years to recover from a credit crisis ...
In the midst of a financial turmoil, raising questions over fat executive pay packets, a media report today listed out 12 top ...
Russia's government pledged more cash for banks in a new bid to kick-start corporate lending during the country's biggest ...
Iceland sought a ¤4 billion ($5.43 billion) loan from Russia, pegged the slumping krona to a basket of currencies and took ...
Economists are now predicting that Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would resort to another round of cut in the cash reserve ratio ...
ICICI Bank and Dish TV today launched interactive banking service, ICICIATIVE, that would enable subscribers to access ...
Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) is in talks to buy the Australian subsidiary of UK-based troubled HBOS, BankWest, for about ...
Citigroup Inc and Wells Fargo and Co agreed Monday on a 44-hour truce in fight over acquiring Wachovia to give negotiators time ...
The Federal Reserve is considering a new radical plan to jump start the engine of financial system even as stocks around world ...
In a move to ease liquidity and cool the markets, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced an ad-hoc 50-basis-point reduction in ...
The banking stocks fell as much as 4 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), in line with the benchmark index Sensex, which ...
Bonds advanced for a third day, extending the biggest weekly gain in more than a month, as falling commodity prices added to ...
Hits new low on huge demand for the greenback from FIIs, importers.
Rating agency Crisil has lowered the outlook for three public sector banks — Canara Bank, Corporation Bank and IDBI Bank - ...
In a move to ease liquidity and cool the markets, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced an ad-hoc 50-basis-point reduction in ...
German financial sector giant Deutsche Bank is concentrating on personal and corporate banking segments showing immense growth ...
Japanese financial services major Nomura today said it will acquire battered Lehman Brothers' India operations, which would ...
German financial sector giant Deutsche Bank is concentrating on personal and corporate banking segments showing immense growth ...
Max New York Life, one of the leading insurance companies, has set a new premium target of Rs 2,500 crore plus during this ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will finalise the terms of general insurance venture with Insurance Australia Group (IAG) in the next ...
Syndicate Bank has revised the rates of interest upwards on Non-Resident External (NRE) Term Deposits and FCNR (B) deposits with ...
MCX Stock Exchange (MCX-SX), a subsidiary of the country's leading commodity bourse MCX, today said it will commence live trading ...
The Indian rupee today dropped by another 26 paise to a fresh five-year low of 47.35/36 against the greenback in morning trade ...
The German government, the Bundesbank central bank and market regulators agreed with the banking sector on a new 50-billion-euro ...
The richest man in America, Bill Gates, said in a television interview that the US financial crisis does not spell the end of ...
UBS AG, the European bank hardest hit by the credit crisis, will stop over-the-counter trading in natural gas, crude oil, power, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and finance ministry have cleared the participation of foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in ...
The Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) has joined hands with 10 banks to improve the customer verification system and ...
ICICI Bank has asserted that its profitability trends, as reflected in Rs 728 crore profit in the first quarter, would not be ...
Lending rates in the country appear to have peaked considering the tight liquidity situation and a stable inflation rate, State ...
Within a few days of extending a lifeline to the beleaguered Fortis, the Netherlands Government has acquired the Dutch subsidiary ...
Embattled insurer American International Group (AIG) has said it will sell three of its Japanese life insurance businesses.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission has said the ban on short selling would expire on October 8, following the enactment of ...
Universal Sompo General Insurance’s Japanese partner, Sompo Japan Insurance, is open to raising its stake up to 49 per ...
Allahabad Bank has deferred its plans to raise funds through a rights issue and perpetual debt saying it has sufficient means to ...
The US Congress passed a $700-billion financial-market bailout plan designed to unlock credit markets, reversing a rejection that ...
The government today decided to ease the burden on banks on account of the farm debt relief package and subsidised short-term ...
Suggesting US Treasury to team up with private investors legendary investor Warren Buffett has said the price tag of the $700-bn ...
Merrill Lynch's chairman and chief executive officer John Thain will take over as the President of global banking, securities and ...
Amid the tempestuous scenario in global financial markets, Swiss banking giant UBS today announced repositioning of its ...
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank has deferred its plans to raise funds through rights issue and perpetual debt.
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services today said that it had affirmed its 'A-1+' short-term rating to ICICI Bank's (foreign ...
The Indian rupee plunged by 49 paise to a five-year low of 47.11 against the US dollar in opening trade today following increased ...
The ministry of corporate affairs (MCA) is looking into the accounts of big corporates with “huge turnovers” to ...
Silicon Valley lawyer Mark Stevens paused only a moment to check Google’s finance site during a client meeting as US ...
ICICI Bank always evoked adverse perception and undue criticism for its growth strategy, but its defence would be performance ...
ICICI Bank always evoked adverse perception and undue criticism for its growth strategy, but its defence would be performance ...
State-owned Bank of Baroda and Union Bank of India have revised their interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (B) account ...
As central banks stepped up efforts to mitigate the liquidity problems among banks which have nearly frozen their inter-bank ...
The European Central Bank drained euro 173 billion ($242 billion) in overnight funds from money markets after being swamped with ...
UBS AG, the European bank with the biggest losses from the credit crisis, plans to eliminate about 1,900 jobs in its investment ...
A decline in capital inflows as a result of the ongoing global financial turmoil may see India’s foreign exchange (forex) ...
Public sector insurer Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has generated Rs 16,600-crore valuation surplus, or profit, in ...
New norms to keep Raghuram Rajan out of the race.
Foreign bankers charge Indian lenders overseas ‘liquidity premium’ .
The US Senate set a vote for Wednesday night (US time) on a $700 billion financial-rescue plan, tying it to an increase in ...
In the debate on September 26, Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama argued that the current crisis in the financial ...
The turmoil that is shaking Wall Street to its core could eventually go down as the worst financial crisis in American history.
Maybe we should call it Red Monday.
September 29 turned out to be the day that big chunks of Europe’s financial industry ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has invited expressions of interest (EoIs) from consultancy organisations to ...
The three most flummoxed people in the investment community on Wednesday may be Warren Buffett, Jamie Dimon and Vikram Pandit.
Many banks have started upgrading their customers to platinum or titanium cards.
Magma Fincorp, the asset financing company, will celebrate Durga Puja with residents of Nabanir, a senior citizens’ home in ...
Punjab National Bank, India’s second largest public sector bank, today hiked interest rates by 50 basis points for ...
The Reserve Bank of India and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) are in discussions to relax the currency trading ...
Embattled Belgian-Dutch bank and insurance group Fortis has said the planned $3 billion sale of half its asset management arm to ...
Mangalore-based private sector lender, Karnataka Bank, has raised Rs 200 crore by issue of unsecured non-convertible subordinated ...
The Indian rupee today fell by 26 paise to its five-year low of 47.22 against the US $ in early trade today owing to increased ...
Administrators at Lehman Brothers' British operations announced 750 job cuts at the bankrupt investment bank.
Belgium and France threw Dexia SA a ¤6.4 billion ($9.2 billion) lifeline and the chairman and chief executive officer ...
House prices in 20 US cities declined in July at the fastest pace on record, signaling the worst housing recession in a ...
Those who may be less disciplined, financially speaking, will now find it easier to manage their money and their financial ...
Prospective home buyers, who are looking forward to discounts this festival season, may be in for a rude shock.
According to ...
Tata Capital, the wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Sons, is set to pick up close to 20 per cent stake in a recently-formed asset ...
ICICI Bank has approached the Securities & Exchange Board of India to check if there was a concerted attempt to hammer its ...
The government is examining various amendments to the insurance law, including a special statute for health insurance, aimed at ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country’s largest insurer, would look for a new joint venture partner for ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Tuesday advised the Life Insurance Council, a self-regulatory body ...
Higher trade deficit, lower capital inflows affect BoP.
Indian companies will have to pay a higher interest rate on their existing foreign currency loans as the overnight London ...
IL&FS, one of India's leading infrastructure and development and finance companies and E Trade today announced the sale of ...
Government today said it plans to increase credit flow to micro-enterprises in the country by making 10 per cent of the total ...
Fitch Ratings has affirmed India-based ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co Ltd's (ICICI Prudential Life) national Insurer ...
Two of the world's leading private equity firms — Bain Capital Partners and Hellman & Friedman — has agreed to ...
Terming rumours about its financial strength as baseless and malicious, ICICI Bank today said that it has a very strong capital ...
Sebi is closely monitoring the markets and has verified with the stock exchanges that there are no settlement issues, said ...
As much as $37 billion from federal bailout loans to American International Group Inc has gone to investment banks including ...
The firm will sell Dutch operations of ABN Amro Holding NV.
The country’s largest private lender, ICICI Bank, On Monday said that 98 per cent of its UK arm’s non-India ...
The Financial Planning and Standards Board of India (FPSBI), a professional standards setting body for financial planners in ...
The rupee hit a five-year low of 47.115 against the greenback in intra-day trade, before recovering to close at 46.97, the lowest ...
Liquidity tightening is hurting banks like never before.
Say tight liquidity will affect business in second half too.
The best practice can only be effective if it fits into the local setting.
That’s where the new private sector banks score ...
Wachovia announced today that it will sell its retail bank, corporate and investment bank and wealth management businesses to ...
Having opted to become a commercial bank, Goldman Sachs is planning to acquire up to USD 50 billion in assets from the ailing ...
In a bid to secure its future as an independent company, the beleaguered insurance major American International Group(AIG) is ...
Hyderabad-based Softline Software Services is planing to raise about Rs 100 crore through an initial public offering (IPO) by ...
IDFC Private Equity today said it has picked up 17 per cent stake in SE Forge Ltd, a subsidiary of Suzlon Energy Ltd (SEL), for ...
Congressional leaders and the White House agreed on Sunday to a $700 billion rescue of the ailing financial industry after ...
Some banks decide not to roll over short-term loans; others will do it only at higher interest.
The Indian banking sector saw mark-to-market (MTM) losses of around Rs 400 crore due to their investments in instruments of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has advised all banks to provide for the deals entered into directly or indirectly with ...
Financial turbulence in the US took yet another toll with America's sixth largest bank, Wachovia, starting preliminary talks with ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has extended a line of credit of $20 million to the Government of the Republic of ...
Global financial major Deutsche Bank is set to pick up stake in Bangalore-based BPL.
HSBC Holdings Plc, Europe’s largest bank by market value, cut 1,100 jobs in its global banking and markets division as the ...
UCO Bank expects to get approvals from the Reserve Bank of India and Sebi for its financial services subsidiary within a month, ...
India’s foreign exchange reserve went up by $2.51 billion to $291.97 billion in the week ended September 19,2008 mainly on ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will not further tighten norms for insurance companies in which foreign ...
The Reserve Bank of India has released a reporting format for filing of quarterly statements by Securitisation ...
Government will sell bonds worth Rs 39,000 crore between October and mid-December this year to finance deficits.
UK's central bank, the Bank of England will pump an additional 55 billion pounds in a fresh effort to address worsening credit ...
Worried that global financial services provider Morgan Stanley may land into financial troubles like Lehman Brothers, several ...
Highly attractive, strategic transaction significantly strengthens consumer franchise.
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will not further tighten norms for insurance companies in which foreign ...
ING Vysya Bank opened 11 ATM outlets in the state including 8 in  Hyderabad  and one each in Warangal, Khammam and ...
The high-level meeting of the probables for the post of US President with George Bush failed to reach a compromise on the USD ...
There is no need to review solvency margin requirements for Indian insurance companies, an Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
Public sector bank operations across the country were paralysed for the second day in a row as over one million employees stayed ...
The earnings growth of India’s state-owned banks for the July-September quarter is likely to be hit by the non-performing ...
Bank still has to work hard to get talented people, says HR head.
The Supreme Court has ruled that provisioning for bad debt cannot be considered for deduction against the taxable income.
The government will push amendments to the State Bank of India Act, 1955, in the coming session of Parliament to enable the bank ...
To offer home loans at 10 per cent.
Sales of new homes in the US fell in August to a 17-year low and orders for durable goods dropped more than forecast, evidence of ...
The US regulator Securities and Exchange Commission has ordered more than two dozen hedge funds to hand over trading information, ...
Banking operations were affected as the strike call given by the employees union to press for wage related issues entered the ...
Karnataka-based Corporation Bank today announced the opening of its first ever overseas Representative Office in Dubai.
Amid the global financial turmoil, State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt had a special visitor in Wipro Chairman Azim ...
Banking, treasury and clearing operations of public sector lenders were paralysed on the first day of the two-day nationwide ...
Market participants fear that the Securities and Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi) proposal to allow foreign institutional ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday said the flow of credit from scheduled commercial banks, including regional rural ...
Rating agency Crisil has put debentures worth Rs 10,500 crore of DSP Merrill Lynch Capital under watch.
The debentures were ...
Interest payment to start from July; lenders may not need to make provisions.
Deutsche Bank has emerged as the leading investment bank in India leaving behind conventional players such as Merrill Lynch, ...
The global financial turmoil would not affect Societe Generale’s plan to set up a separate non-banking finance company ...
As an investment banker with one of the foreign banks, Mehul Savla had a lot of smaller companies asking him for advice on ...
The Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank has announced an 18 per cent dividend for 2007-08. Its net profit during the last fiscal stood ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke said the US is facing “grave threats” to financial stability and warned that ...
Berkshire Hathaway will invest at least $5bn in Goldman Sachs, and shore up the latter's capital base and liquidity.
Employees of public sector banks today went on a two-day nationwide strike to protest merger and consolidation in the sector and ...
Mangalore-headquartered public sector Corporatiion Bank has opened its first overseas representative office in Dubai.
This marks ...
The finance ministry has advised public sector lenders to steer clear of complex financial products and carry out their own due ...
The banks operating in Orissa are targeting to provide loan assistance to 2,08,800 beneficiaries for self employment ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday allowed holding companies to issue bonds overseas to raise funds on behalf of listed group ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is reviewing the interest rates on foreign currency credit given by banks to exporters and ...
Most analysts suggest status quo on lower inflation and global liquidity crunch
.
As you know, we are experiencing turbulent times in the financial markets… But I am confident that this should be an ...
American International Group Inc, the insurer that agreed last week to a federal takeover in exchange for an $85 billion loan, ...
American International Group Inc, selling assets to repay a US government loan, may seek buyers for some of its $16 billion in ...
Amid the global turmoil in the financial sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today further tightened the norms for ...
Lehman Brothers' North American operations, which were acquired by global financial services major Barclays, has reopened under ...
Reserve Bank governor D Subbarao will present "the Mid-Term Review of the Annual Policy Statement" (credit policy) on ...
Foreign lender, Standard Chartered, today announced the appointment of Hemant Mishr as head of Global markets in the country.
With tightening in liquidity condition and expected decline in the inflation by early 2009, there is only a remote possibility of ...
The Government of Singapore Investment Corp (GIC), one of the world's largest sovereign wealth funds, said today its nominal ...
Global financial services major Citigroup has appointed Mike Corbat as chief executive of the Global Wealth Management unit ...
Shareholders of the troubled American giant AIG are looking for private sector alternatives to save the company and prevent ...
Bond-holders of the beleaguered Lehman Brothers may lose $110 billion (about Rs five lakh crore) on account of decline in the ...
Former RBI Governor Y V Reddy has received huge compliments from the country’s top economic advisor for going slow on ...
Bankers today suggested that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) lower the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio ...
In a bid to promote the Self Help Groups (SHGs) in Orissa, the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has ...
If your fund-raising activities have gone haywire, don’t lose heart.
Real Estate Bank India (REBI) is planning to set up 3000 franchisees across the country with 16 outlets in Orissa within a year.
Indian companies will have to stagger their expansions as financial instutions have started tightening lending to cope with the ...
The Wall Street that shaped the financial world for two decades ended last night, when Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley ...
Real estate prices in the state hit a new high.
The vacuum that was created due to the exit of large players from the two-wheeler financing segment is now being filled by new ...
Syndicate Bank, the Manipal-headquartered public sector lender, has put on hold its plan to raise Rs 800 crore through a ...
Japanese financial services major Nomura is going to acquire the Asian operations of US bankrupt investment bank Lehman Brothers, ...
US investment giant Morgan Stanley has frozen talks on a merger with Wachovia bank but is pressing on with talks for CIC of China ...
Country's largest lender, State Bank of India today scotched rumours that it will be among the several lenders that would ...
Ashish Bajaj has been appointed head of Citibank’s commercial banking and global subsidiaries business for South Asia.
Edelweiss Asset Management, today announced the launch of the Edelweiss Monthly Interval Fund-Series 1 and Edelweiss Quarterly ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram has termed the proposed nationwide strike by bank employees on September 24 as 'unnecesary' ...
Andhra Bank has tied up with Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company (Kotak AMC) for cross-selling the latter’s bouquet of ...
In a move to soften the blow of Lehman Brothers’ bankruptcy in the Indian stock and asset markets, four banks are set to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is gearing up to tap the rising potential in the Bhopal circle.
China and Thailand’s central bankers said there has been limited fallout for their banks from the US credit crisis that ...
Instead of looking at big-bang financial sector reforms, the Raghuram Rajan panel has advised the government to implement easily ...
Regulator wants to know if banks deploy the money to meet lending needs.
Splitting your term policy ensures that you have adequate cover at a reduced cost.
A rally in bank shares is likely to continue next week because of attractive valuations, dealers and analysts said.
Corporate borrowing costs have fallen for the first time in almost two weeks amid US government plans to stem the collapse of ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, the US investment bank that filed the largest bankruptcy in history, won federal court approval to ...
$800-bn plan to help people with high-cost mortgages stay in their homes
US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson is sending a ...
A bankruptcy judge approved a plan under which Lehman Brothers will sell its investment banking and trading businesses to the ...
Rupee on Friday closed below 46 against the US dollar for the first time this week.
The finance ministry has sought the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) comments on a demand from mobile operators for a ...
President George W Bush said the administration's latest rescue plan to revive the credit markets and restore market liquidity ...
US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S Bernanke proposed moving troubled assets from the balance ...
India's foreign exchange reserve went up by $650 million to $289.4 billion in the week ended September 12, 2008, mainly due ...
Banks today borrowed over Rs 83,000 crore from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) via repo route.
India's largest private lender, ICICI Bank today said it would continue to focus on its overseas business.
Amidst global financial distress, State Bank of India (SBI) has hinted that it is mulling overseas bank acquisition.
The Bank of Japan said today it had injected two trillion yen ($19 billion) into money markets amid continuing concerns over ...
The banks operating in Orissa have been asked to provide credit linkage to more than 1lakh women self help groups (WSHGs) in the ...
The American International Group (AIG) India on Thursday issued a release stating that the US financial crisis does not have any ...
The fall of Lehman Brothers and the acquisition of Merrill Lynch by Bank of America and an increasing dominance of integrated, ...
Government bond prices ended Rs 1.30 down today because fear of a sharp rise in weekly inflation rate prompted investors to sell, ...
While maintaining that it had the capability to handle market movements, ICICI Bank, the country’s second largest bank, on ...
Rights that IAG will enjoy are an issue the bank’s board is discussing.
Softer yields to help bank write back provisions, boost Q2 bottom line.
State Bank of India will recruit 10,000 persons over the next three years to manage operations at new branches and as replacement ...
Fed, ECB and Bank of Japan move raises cost of borrowing dollars.
Tata AIG Life Insurance business is well capitalised and continues to meet obligation to policyholders and clients, the insurer ...
Former Allstate Corp Chief Executive Officer Edward Liddy was hired by the US government to run American International Group Inc ...
Will take 79.9 per cent in the New York-based insurer, provide a two-year loan and change its management.
Allianz SE, Europe’s largest insurer, made an offer to invest in American International Group Inc that was rejected by the ...
Employee State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) is looking at an extensive Information Technology(IT) roll out plan, which will ...
In an effort to bring banking services to the doorsteps of the customer, public sector Punjab National Bank (PNB) intends to ...
The cost of borrowing in dollars for three months has jumped the most since 1999, with banks hoarding cash amid concern that more ...
The Bank of Japan (BoJ) left its key interest rate unchanged at 0.5 per cent in a widely-expected move today as it remained ...
The country’s high networth individuals (HNIs) may feel the tremors of Lehman Brothers Holdings – the fourth largest ...
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) intervention on Tuesday evening showed its impact on money and foreign exchange markets ...
In a major push to the micro-finance movement in Orissa, the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI), providing ...
Stung by the fact that it was in the news throughout the day for all the wrong reasons, ICICI Bank — the country’s ...
Credit rating agency Crisil has put DSP Merrill Lynch’s (DSPML) plan to raise more than Rs 22,000 crore through debt ...
Barclays and BNP Paribas are considering the acquisition of Lehman Brothers' investment banking and brokerage businesses in
The American International Group (AIG), which has joint ventures for life and general insurance businesses with the Tata group in ...
At a time when big players are wary of financing the purchase of consumer durables and two-wheelers, non-banking finance company ...
IDBI Bank has revived its plans for entering the private equity (PE) business.
The stressed asset business will be a mix of an ARC and a distressed asset fund.
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today hiked its interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (B) account ...
The US Federal Reserve has announced an unprecedented rescue loan of up to USD 85 billion to save teetering insurance giant ...
Punjab National Bank, India’s second largest public sector bank, today hiked interest rates by 50 basis points for ...
Punjab National Bank plans to raise capital worth Rs 500 crore through Upper Tier II Bonds through private placement to shore up ...
Barclays announced today that it had reached an agreement to acquire Lehman Brothers North American investment banking and ...
The Federal Reserve left its main interest rate at 2 per cent, rebuffing calls by some investors for a cut after Lehman Brothers ...
Taking a potshot at the US financial sector, which is facing one of the worst turmoils ever, Commerce and Industry Minister Kamal ...
Jobs are not an issue, but salary boom is over
Krish Mohan (name changed), an investment banker in Mumbai, says nothing much has ...
Irda seeks reports from Tata, AIG
Amid the continued uncertainty over the capital constraints faced by the world’s largest ...
Hindujas-promoted IndusInd Bank has said it is looking to float a $1-billion fund (about Rs 4,500 crore) for investments in
Reliance Capital (R-Capital), a part of the Group, is looking to invest Rs 2,000 crore in insurance businesses in the next ...
The call money market rates hardened today tracking as a result of a further tightening of liquidity in the system.
ICICI Bank today said it might need to make an additional provision of $28 million (Rs 188 crore) on its exposure to bonds issued ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc's bankruptcy, the largest in history, sent the firm's employees to EBay Inc's auction sites to offer ...
Banks may accelerate efforts to move trading in the $62 trillion credit-default swaps market through a central clearinghouse or ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) stepped in this evening to check any potential adverse impact of the global financial turmoil on ...
The Federal Reserve added $50 billion in temporary reserves to the banking system, pushing down the rate for overnight loans ...
American International Group Inc, the largest US insurer, will only get access to the $20 billion lifeline announced yesterday by ...
The Federal Reserve left its main interest rate at 2 per cent, rebuffing calls by some investors for a cut after Lehman Brothers ...
Republican presidential nominee John McCain called for a commission to study the crisis in US financial markets like the one that ...
The Reserve Bank of India is in the process of holding parleys with banks and Fixed Income and Money Market Dealers’ ...
Taking a pot shot at the US financial sector, which is facing one of the worst turmoils ever, Commerce and Industry Minister ...
Country's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank today said its London subsidiary has 57 million Euro (about Rs 375 crore) ...
The Corporation Bank is raising Rs 1600 crore through Tier-I and Tier-II bonds.
HDFC bank has won the Asian Banker's Best Retail Bank in India 2008 award for the second year in a row beating a host of other ...
Hindujas-promoted IndusInd Bank has said it is looking to float a one billion dollar fund (about Rs 4,500 crore) for investments ...
HDFC Bank, one of the largest private sector banks in the country, has allotted 1,12,200 equity shares to its employees under the ...
State Bank of India, Visakhapatnam, is targeting to attract deposits worth Rs 938 crore this financial year, as compared with Rs ...
Even as the rupee hit a two-year low of 46 in early morning trade today, latest data shows that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
American International Group’s (AIG’s) recent financial crisis could have significant repercussions on its businesses ...
Taking a serious view of the recent discovery of counterfeit notes at a State Bank of India (SBI) branch, the government wants ...
Banking with the State Bank India (SBI) will no longer be a brick-and-mortar affair with India’s largest bank lining up an ...
Call rates hardened today to touch a high of 12.5 per cent as liquidity in the money market came under strain due to outflows ...
Andrew Holland, managing director of the strategic risk group (SRG) for DSP Merrill Lynch in India, has resigned with most of his ...
The buyout of Merrill Lynch will give Bank of America (BankAm) access to the financial power house’s huge wealth management ...
American International Group Inc, the largest US insurer by assets, has been given special permission to access $20 billion of ...
The Federal Reserve widened the collateral it accepts for loans to securities firms to include stocks in an effort to help Wall ...
The 158-year-old firm files biggest bankruptcy petition in history.
Bank of America Corp, the biggest US consumer bank, agreed to acquire Merrill Lynch & Co for about $50 billion as the credit ...
The Indian rupee, after falling to a two-year low of 46 in early trade today gained its lost ground and was quoted at 45.85/86 ...
Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank plans to acquire a co-operative bank in Andhra Pradesh, a top bank official said.
US investment bank Lehman Brothers announced today that it intended to file for bankruptcy "in order to protect its assets ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has initiated a review of the benchmarking system for pricing floating rate loans, a move that ...
Fear of getting pink slip following downturn in the sector triggers move.
The Union government today said the strike announced by the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) against the proposed financial ...
At a time when the international market was grappling with a severe liquidity crunch, Indian banks overseas have shifted a part ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today said it will not raise interest rates for the time being.
Union Bank of India (UBI) in tie up with Edelweiss Securities has launched wealth management services for its high networth ...
The rupee continues its southbound journery for yet another day.
Currency closes at 45.53 on high dollar demand from oil firms, importers.
Buyers of unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) may soon find it easier to compare features and charges of these products across ...
Global investment research and rating agency Standard & Poor’s (S&P) on Thursday said the credit growth of Indian ...
The Clearing Corporation of India (CCIL) may soon guarantee deals struck in the currency forward contract market, providing a ...
In a move to bring about uniformity in the mode and amount of service charges for electronic payment products and upcountry ...
Move seen as countering fund houses' plan to sell life covers.
Infosys Technologies on Thursday announced the renewal of the group life insurance policy, covering 97,000 employees, ...
Deutsche Bank AG, Germany's biggest bank, may buy just less than 30 per cent of Deutsche Postbank AG for about 2.5 billion euros ...
Mortgage finance regulator National Housing Bank (NHB) today said it aims to disburse Rs 500 crore in a year through ...
Andhra Bank has entered into a tie-up with Reliance Capital Asset Management Limited, a company of Anil Dhirubhai Ambani group, ...
The insurance industry has begun the process of moving towards the risk-based capital norms from the current solvency margin ...
Peerless General Finance & Investment Co, with interests in finance, hotels and housing businesses, is in the process of ...
Commercial banks in the country are sitting on funds of over Rs 1,200 crore lying idle in about two crore accounts for the past ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has expressed its concern over the referral programme prevalent among ...
The microfinance sector in India, which is presently growing around 130 per cent, is expected to get into the consolidation mode ...
The Dharwad division of Life Insurance Corporation of India will introduce the Enterprise Data Management System (EDMS) to enable ...
The government seems to be building up cash via treasury bill (T-bill) auctions in view of the recent easing in market rates and ...
The rupee, which fell today below the 45 mark against the dollar for the first time since November 2006, is expected to fall ...
Deutsche Bank AG Chief Executive Officer Josef Ackermann said he’s not interested in buying Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
The bank is planing to auction asset-management group, including fund-manager Neuberger Berman.
HSBC Holdings Plc is “highly unlikely” to buy an investment bank, its Asia CEO said today, dousing speculation the ...
The Indian rupee today breached the crucial 45-level against the US currency for the first time after November 2006 following ...
Only 2,000 senior citizens across the country have received loans against their houses under the reverse mortgage scheme that has ...
The life insurance industry’s first-year premium income during April-July 2008 grew by a mere 1.6 per cent largely on ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) purchased central government bonds from secondary market last week and sold them to state ...
The rupee hit a 21-month low against the US dollar on Tuesday as the American currency firmed up, coupled with the spurt in ...
Subbarao says reforms road map in consultation with govt, other regulators.
Monitoring global situation closely, says central bank chief.
Union Bank of India is expecting to increase its fee-based income from commissions, remittances, gold and others by about 35 per ...
Mangalore-based public sector Corporation Bank today launched its prepaid travel card in association with JP Morgan and Visa.
India – BNP Paribas today announced the appointment of R S Krishnan as managing director, head of corporate finance ...
Mangalore-based public sector Corporation Bank today launched prepaid travel card in association with JP Morgan and Visa.
With hawkish monetary policy to contain double-digit inflation beginning to bear fruit, the new RBI Governor Duvvuri Subbarao may ...
Banks levy a fee on transactions under core banking solutions.
The Supreme Court on Monday admitted the appeals of Standard Chartered Bank, HSBC and Citibank challenging the order of the ...
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) has given a green light to the investment by Societe Generale (SocGen), a French ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram inaugurated the Universal Arogya Medical Insurance Scheme, saying the scheme would reach all ...
Visakhapatnam-based Kanakamahalakshmi Cooperative has decided to take over the loss-making Palakol Cooperative Urban Bank.
Singapore-based DBS Bank, which has decided to beef up its Indian operations by adding eight new branches to the existing two ...
Customers can look forward to improved services from New India Assurance, National Insurance, United India and Oriental Insurance ...
The Reserve Bank may give up its opposition to the proposal of a monthly compilation and release of inflation data, with D ...
HSBC Holdings Plc Chairman Stephen Green foresees financial markets shifting toward Asia as emerging markets grow faster than the ...
Private sector bank ING Vysya Bank has received the approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for opening 56 new branches and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set up an internal committee to frame guidelines on predatory lending and is exploring the ...
With insurers slashing term plan premiums by up to 40 per cent, this is an opportunity for customers to shift from their ...
With the festival season round the corner, Kerala-based private Catholic Syrian Bank has launched a gift card called 'CSB ...
Former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Yaga Venugopal Reddy today said he would have preferred a tighter monetary policy as ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc may shift about $32 billion of commercial mortgages and real estate to a new company that will be ...
Anchoring inflationary expectations, maintaining financial and price stability, pursuing financial sector reforms and, finally, ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has asked the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) to allow it a ...
Anchoring inflationary expectations, maintaining financial and price stability, pursuing financial sector reforms and, finally, ...
Public sector lender Union Bank of India today raised additional capital to the tune of Rs 200 crore by issuing perpetual bonds.
India's second largest public sector lender Punjab National Bank today said that interest rates will start coming down after ...
The Indian banking sector will require an additional of Rs 5,68,744 crore in the next five years to maintain the capital adequacy ...
At a time when the role of rating agencies globally is under the scanner, the Reserve Bank of India on Thursday said that there ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday said that the growth of the 20 public sector banks could be affected due as the government ...
India’s banking sector will have to prepare itself for enhanced exchange rate risks in a liberalised capital regime that ...
Drawing lessons from the Northern Rock collapse in the UK, the Reserve Bank of India today advised banks to avoid excessive ...
To avoid risk of consolidation leading to concentration of assets.
JPMorgan Chase & Co will stop selling interest-rate swaps to government borrowers in the $2.6 trillion US municipal bond ...
Anil Ambani group's Reliance Mutual Fund, the country's largest fund house, today said it has achieved one million Systematic ...
Syndicate Bank has revised the interest rates upwards on domestic term deposits for a tenor of 180 days to less than two years ...
Concerned over rising interest rates and slowdown in the economic growth, public sector lender Indian Bank today said that the ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is keen on revitalising micro-finance initiatives in the ...
The government’s showcase Indian Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) has run into trouble with two leading global ...
Rising interest rates took its toll on GE Money, once known as GE Countrywide Consumer Financial, which saw its net profit drop ...
Barclays Plc, the UK’s third- biggest bank, may need to raise as much as £7.5 billion ($13.3 billion) to bring its ...
The country's public sector banks (PSBs) are going in for an image overhaul ahead of the scheduled opening of the financial ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank has launched pre-funded cheque book facility, which seeks to protect against dishonour of cheques due to ...
At a time when banks are going slow on issuing credit cards due to rise in defaults, Peerless General Finance & Investment ...
The rupee ended at a new 20-month low against the US dollar on Tuesday because banks bought the greenback to meet strong demand ...
While tackling inflation is going to be the top priority for Duvvuri Subbarao, who is set to take over as the new Reserve Bank of ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC’s) south zone, including Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Puducherry, had sold over 11 lakh ...
Bajaj Finserv, the financial services company of the Bajaj Group, is in the final stages of negotiations with Allianz Global ...
ICICI Bank does not expect interest rate in the banking sector to come down soon, Joint Managing Director and Chief Financial ...
Canara Bank, the second-largest public sector bank in India, has plans to open 28 branches in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), Mysore division, will go paperless soon with the on-going adoption of Enterprise Document ...
Korea Development Bank (KDB) is in talks to buy a stake in Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, the fourth-biggest US securities firm, ...
The dollar rose to the highest level against the euro in almost seven months as crude oil fell and traders speculated that the ...
Security and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has said that interest rates futures will be lauched in the next five months.
C B ...
Kolkata-based public sector bank, UCO Bank today said its is likely to go for a follow on public offer of shares by December-end ...
Union Bank of India is betting on retail loan to strengthen its presence in the east.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) aims to sell about 52.50 lakh new insurance policies this year in the eastern region.
Asks govt to transfer some issues under insurance laws to the rules.
Commercial banks have sought reimbursements from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the service tax paid on government ...
The Union Bank of India plans to raise capital worth Rs 1,000 crore through a mix of tier-I and tier-II bonds in the next one ...
Move helps lenders meet agri-lending targets, boosts micro-finance institutions' CAR.
The European Central Bank will probably keep interest rates at a seven-year high this week, and may even threaten to raise them, ...
Commerzbank AG agreed to buy Allianz SE’s Dresdner Bank for ¤9.8 billion ($14.4 billion) in the biggest ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank today said it will finalise a foreign partner for its proposed financial services subsidiary by the end of ...
The Union Bank of India, in a corporate strategic announcement stated on the Bombay Stock Exchange that it has changed its ...
SBI Funds Management, Investment Managers for SBI Mutual Fund, has formalised its tie-up with Karur Vysya Bank, a leading private ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has decided to allow its agents (selected) to collect renewal premium from the policyholders.
The deal will create Germany's largest bank, surpassing Deutsche Bank AG.
Real Estate Bank India (REBI), is planning to set up 3,000 franchisees across the country, with about 48 outlets in West Bengal ...
With more banks issuing credit and debit cards and with a larger number of merchant terminals in place, the value of plastic ...
Life insurance player Aegon Religare Life Insurance has firmed up measures to give a thrust to its operations in south India.
Pitney Bowes, an NYSE-listed company offering customer communication and management solutions, plans to expand its operations in ...
The Indian Banks' Association (IBA) has made a strong case for an early decision on payment of interest on reimbursement that ...
The RBI annual report has confirmed all the fears of the security agencies on fake currency notes in the country.
The rupee ended down against the US dollar today as banks bought the greenback to meet month-end demand from oil companies and ...
Life insurance companies have sought the intervention of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) to prevent ...
Citibank today moved the Supreme Court challenging the order of the National Consumer Commission, which imposed restrictions on ...
The Reserve Bank of India today said it would introduce new instruments to help market players hedge market risks and continue ...
Insurance companies are fast emerging as one of the most prominent players in the government securities market.
In an otherwise gloomy environment, the Reserve Bank of India today appeared a tad bullish on the prospects of growth during the ...
Commodities markets regulator, Forward Markets Commission (FMC), has rejected the demand of traders and exporters to hike the ...
The government must end providing assistance to sugar exports as enough sugar has been exported out of the country, Finance ...
Reforms in the primary market may witness a further thrust as capital market intermediaries get ready to implement Application ...
The Finance Minister today inaugurated currency futures at the National Stock Exchange.
Citigroup Inc’s Japanese consumer finance arm plans to transfer new client loans to a unit of Promise Co as it scales back ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has fixed the limits on payment of commission and brokerage in the general ...
Kalpana Morparia has decided to end her 33-year-old association with ICICI Bank, the country’s second largest lender, and ...
Pilot project to start in Junagadh in Gujarat, Nanded in Maharashtra.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will have an action-packed Friday in the financial capital, Mumbai.
ANZ Bank, a major Australian financial institution, may outsource more back-office work of its Asian operations to its Bangalore ...
Private life insurance companies Bajaj Allianz and Kotak Life Insurance have reduced premium rates for term insurance policies by ...
The retail insurance business has picked up in the post financial sector reforms period and the retail segment has overtaken the ...
Private life insurance company ING Vysya Life Insurance is looking to tap the small retailers and food courts to sell its ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan has emerged as the front-runner to succeed Y Venugopal Reddy as the next ...
Life insurance major, Kotak Life Insurance, today said it has reduced its term plan rates up to 40 per cent.
The State Bank of India (SBI) Officers' Association has opposed the proposed merger of the State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) with ...
The decade-old demand of the employees of the State Bank of India (SBI) to shift some operations of the foreign department to ...
Deciding to net the student segment and widen its customer base, Corporation Bank on Wednesday announced a tie-up with ...
Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius has decided to exercise the option to raise its stake in UTI Securities to 74 per cent and is ...
The bank credit grew by 25.9 per cent till August 15, showing little signs of moderation.
The rise defies a series of interest ...
Sidbi Venture Capital, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi), will invest in three ...
The government will reimburse Rs 25,000 crore to public sector banks, regional rural banks (RRBs) and cooperative banks in ...
In an effort to speed up the pace of financial inclusion, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed banks to use companies, ...
Banks, which had taken membership to trade in currency futures on the National Stock Exchange, are trying to complete all ...
The Specified Undertaking of the Unit Trust of India (SUUTI), the entity that took over the assured return schemes of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revamped the norms for restructuring advances, including non-industrial credit.
With increased focus on debt funds and the retail market, ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, the joint venture asset management ...
Public sector banks have asked the government to pay interest for delay in reimbursing the Rs 70,000 crore worth farm loans ...
Iffco-Tokio General Insurance (ITGI), was planning to come up with the first of kind product in travel insurance for the domestic ...
Markets expect further weakening despite RBI intervention.
Banks are devising new strategies to stop their treasury books from bleeding.
With high interest rates affecting consumer finance, many players with permission to set up non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) ...
Once a year at the end of August, the notable and quotable from the worlds of business, finance, academia and government trek to, ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector lender, has set up the country’s first ever commercial scale rural BPO at ...
Current demand for microfinance is over Rs 2.4 lakh crore.
Christopher Laing, a managing director at Deutsche Bank AG in London, moved with his wife and twin boys to Dubai this month, ...
Citigroup Inc, the biggest US bank by assets, banned off-site meetings among employees and cut back on colour photocopying to ...
Max New York Life Insurance is revamping the brand and is changing its tagline from “Your Partner for Life” to ...
The IBA-promoted National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI), a new body to facilitate retail clearing operations, is likely to ...
The new investment norms capping an insurance company’s exposure to a single company at 10 per cent is unlikely to affect ...
Repurchase agreements (repos) in corporate bonds may have to wait for some more time as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants to ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority’s (Irda) move to allow insurance companies to invest in venture capital ...
A rising demand for dollars from oil companies, a slowdown in capital inflow and a surge in dollar against major global ...
A slower growth in sales of new insurance policies has affected the valuation of life insurance companies by up to 40 per cent.
The global credit turmoil may have singed Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch, but the two leading investment banks are betting big ...
New-generation public sector lender, IDBI Bank today hiked its interest rates on deposits across various tenures by upto 0.75 per ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank plans to launch its asset reconstruction business by this year-end, a top bank executive said ...
Economic frauds carried out through automated teller machines (ATMs) are now getting sophisticated and trendy with both technical ...
Moneylenders could take lessons from banks on how to charge interest rates.
Insurance companies will now have more investment options to choose from.
Private sector lender Yes Bank plans to launch its asset reconstruction business by this year-end, a top bank official said.
Economic frauds carried out through bank Automated Teller Machines (ATM's) are now getting sophisticated and trendy with both ...
When it comes to exorbitant interest rates, even the loan sharks -- the neighbourhood moneylenders -- can learn a few tricks from ...
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) has initiated a review of the regulations to ensure that they are in ...
Recently, when I suggested a Ulip as an alternative to a term plan for life insurance, my client almost chocked with disbelief.
The Indian rupee gathered strength for the second day in a row on Friday as a result of the foreign investment flow and rising ...
Punjab National Bank today entered into an agreement with MITCON Consultancy Services Limited (MITCON) for co-operation in the ...
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has asked stock brokers/clearing members to carry out complete internal audit on a ...
Principal mutual fund today said it has mobilised around Rs 834 crore in its recently closed new fund offer Principal Pnb Fixed ...
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company today launched a new health insurance product called "Insta Insure" which will ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has announced that it has now created a separate investor complaint email id investor.grievances@kotak.com.
Decision on additional Rs 2 lakh debt at 7% rate shortly.
To ensure availability of financial services to the weaker sections and low income groups, National Bank for Agriculture and ...
Chennai-based Equitas Micro Finance India has raised capital worth Rs 50 crore in the second round of funding from three ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, is on an outsourcing overdrive.
Karnataka State Financial Corporation (KSFC) has seen its net profit jump over six times jump, to Rs 62.17 crore for year-ended ...
Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd earned a record 64.5 billion yuan ($9.42 billion) in the first half to become the ...
China's biggest lender ICBC today became the world's most profitable bank with its first-half net profit of 9.4 billion dollars, ...
Financial services major Citigroup has projected that India's economic growth in this fiscal would moderate to 7.7 per cent from ...
Chennai-based micro finance lending Equitas today said it had infused a fresh capital of Rs.
New-age private lender Yes Bank and networking giant Cisco today announced the launch of a facility that would provide new ...
Private-sector lender, Development Credit Bank (DCB) has targeted to enhance its low cost deposit-base and expected to achieve an ...
State-owned Central Bank of India today launched Visa Platinum and Gold cards.
The public sector Union Bank of India has agreed to provide loans towards the beneficiary contribution in the low cost housing ...
Pylwin Exports, based in Tirupur, the textile town in Tamil Nadu, and ABN Amro Bank have agreed to an out-of-court settlement to ...
IndusInd Bank has acquired the microfinance portfolio worth Rs 100 crore from SKS Mircofinance through the allotment of ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), a private sector funding arm of Work Bank group, plans to pick up eight per cent stake ...
With the top life insurance companies planning to list next year, the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) is ...
The rupee liquidity in the money market remained tight on Wednsday, triggering inter-bank call rates to rise to an intraday high ...
Surging demand for dollars pushes currency down to 43.71 to a dollar.
Hit by an acute dollar
shortage in the foregn exchange ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has constituted a 10-member committee to examine the requirements of ...
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac's success in repaying $223 billion of bonds due by the end of the quarter may determine whether they ...
Three leading institutions, IndusInd Bank, Grameen Capital India and SKS Microfinance, today announced the closure of a Rs 100 ...
State Bank of India is all set to enter into general insurance through foreign collaboration and is expected to finalise the ...
The real numbers to look at in the auction-rate securities settlements are the ones in thousands, not billions.
By the time this ...
Punjab National Bank, the second largest public sector bank in the country, is close to sealing a deal on exiting two of its ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s largest commercial bank, today launched a loan product aimed at the poor heart ...
Indiabulls Financial Services is set to close a deal with HDFC Bank, Yes Bank and Delhi-based India Potash to offload around 35 ...
SBI Life Insurance, a joint venture between State Bank of India (SBI) and BNP Paribas Assurance, plans to foray into the West ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor V Leeladhar said the banking sector’s growth in advances surpassed ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has decided to initiate a slew of measures to provide liquidity to ...
Nexus India Capital, an early stage venture capital fund, on Tuesday announced the closure of its second fund, Nexus India ...
The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) and mutual funds (MFs) have been major investors in debt, primarily treasury bills and ...
Credit market turmoil has driven the US into a recession and may topple some of the nation’s biggest banks, said Kenneth ...
ICICI Bank Managing Director and CEO K V Kamath today did not rule out the possibility of interest rates going up in the ...
RBI would undertake a "wholesome review regarding the road map" of foreign banks in the country, its Deputy Governor V ...
Private equity firm Milestone Group today launched a Rs 800-crore fund which will invest primarily in education ...
Indiabulls Financial Services, has zeroed in on stakeholders who would pick up stakes in its proposed commdodity bourse, a top ...
Riding high on the strong brand identity of State Bank of India, SBI Life Insurance is now looking to foray into overseas market ...
In a bid to limit exposure to volatile Credit Derivatives (CD), India's second largest lender, ICICI Bank has sold $275 million ...
In order to off-set the marginal fall in demand for loans in the recent months, ICICI Bank is planning to launch a private equity ...
Yes Bank has drawn up plans for foraying into the private equity segment through a special purpose vehicle, within the next six ...
With private equity funds gathering momentum, State Bank of India (SBI), country's largest public sector bank is also mulling to ...
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private bank, is planning to set up a private equity fund with a likely corpus of $200 ...
The yen may have depreciated to 110 against the dollar from a high of 96 earlier this year, but bankers are advising extreme ...
Number of direct selling agents slashed by 15-25 per cent.
A clampdown on fresh personal loans, credit cards and auto loans is ...
The Export-Import Bank of the United States will be expanding its India portfolio from the present $3.5 billion to $5 billion in ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) has tied up with Edelweiss Securities and Wealth Advisors to offer wealth management services (WMS) to ...
Will complement VC business.
SVB Financial Group, the Nasdaq-listed parent company of Silicon Valley Bank and financial partner ...
Tata AIG Life Insurance Company Limited has opened 11 new offices – one each at Perintalmanna, Thiruvalla, Irinjalkakuda, ...
Employees of the State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) and other State Bank of India (SBI) associate banks on Monday staged a protest at ...
Ben S Bernanke is still trying to define which financial institutions it's safe to let fail.
The longer it takes him to decide, ...
The Asia-Pacific region will be divided into four clusters, each led by a chief executive officer.
Citigroup Inc is reorganising ...
Leading public-sector lender, Bank of India (BoI), today hiked its deposit rates across various maturities by up to 0.5 per cent ...
Karur Vysya Bank increased its interest rates on term deposits, which will come into effect from August 11.
The Karur-based bank ...
Deutsche Bank has announced the appointment of Prashant Joshi as the head of private and business clients, India effective ...
Driven by high demand and improved capacity utilisation, the corporates are expected to pump in more money in the current fiscal ...
Officers of State Bank of India and its seven associate banks went on a day-long nationwide strike today to protest merger of ...
West Bengal Finance Corporation (WBFC) may not opt for raising funds through bonds this year in view of volatile market ...
The Indian government has received sensitive information from its German counterpart regarding tax evaders, who have channelled ...
In a sort of testimony to hard times being faced by India Inc in getting the right talent, the country's top private sector ...
K N Bhandari, the secretary general of the General Insurance Council (GIC), a self-regulatory body for non-life insurers, has ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL), the special purpose vehicle floated by the government, has approached international ...
Government banks have demanded that the amount eligible under the farm waiver scheme should continue to be considered lending to ...
ICICI Bank will introduce the option on Monday; move aimed at curbing delinquency.
Indian private sector banks are now following ...
Lending to the small scale sector has shot up, but banks expect moderation in the months ahead with corporate balance sheets ...
This critical illness policy is a good start, but more could have been done.
Diabetes is one of the most common health problems ...
India’s insurance sector may touch a level of Rs 2 lakh crore in two years in view of the aggressive marketing techniques ...
Despite a strong dose of monetary action by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut demand, the credit flow has shown a 25.8 per ...
Last minute-glitches have held back a health insurance cover that would have enabled policyholders to retain the benefits even if ...
Banks in Guntur district would advance crop loans worth Rs 1,946.13 crore to farmers during 2008-09 under the district credit ...
India's insurance sector may touch a level of Rs 2 lakh crore in the next two years in view of aggressive marketing techniques ...
The Reserve Bank of India's central board on Thursday approved the transfer of surplus profit of Rs 15,011 crore for the ...
Close on the heels of EPFO allowing private fund managers for its corpus, the government has now widened investment avenues for ...
Lambasting central public sector enterprises for inviting bids for bulk deposits from state-run banks, Finance Minister P ...
A working group set up by the Reserve Bank of India has suggested that all the regional rural banks (RRBs) should move to the ...
Despite the increase in interest rates, the Reserve Bank of India is confident that corporate investment levels will go up during ...
Over-capacity, low demand in certain industries to blame.
There seems to be a moderation in the demand for money from banks and ...
Bermuda-based global reinsurance company Flagstone Reinsurance Holdings Limited (FSR) is planning to enter the primary insurance ...
S B Sankannavar of Gadag was elected president of Karnataka Central Cooperative Bank while Y N Patil of Kundgol was elected ...
The government today decided to allow India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL) to double its authorised capital from Rs ...
Bermuda-based global reinsurance company Flagstone Reinsurance Holdings Limited (FSR) is planning to enter the ...
The Reserve Bank of India's central board today approved the transfer of surplus profit of Rs 15,011 crore for the year-ended ...
Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank has increased its domestic term deposit interest rates by 25 basis points with effect ...
Bank SNORAS, a leading bank in Lithuania has chosen I-Flex's FLEXCUBE Universal Banking release 10.0 as the core banking solution ...
Country's largest lender State Bank of India today said the Finance Ministry has approved the merger of State Bank of Saurashtra ...
The All India Regional Rural Banks Association (RRBEA) has urged the Union finance ministry to give priority to regional rural ...
Magma Fincorp Ltd, now renamed Magma Fincorp Ltd, expects about 43 per cent rise in disbursement in the present fiscal, even ...
BNP Paribas group, the French financial services entity, has infused Rs 335 crore (¤50 million) in its Indian operations ...
Tata Capital has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (MUS) to cooperate in a wide range of ...
State Bank of India has outsourced the back-office operations of its foreign branches and offices to Intelenet Global Services ...
Interest rates have almost peaked and are unlikely to change unless the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) further tightens monetary ...
Rating agency sees fiscal deficit in single digit for 2008-09.
A month after striking a strong note of caution on India’s ...
'Pay in cash' is the new mantra for an increasing number of car, two-wheeler and commercial vehicle buyers.
ICICI Bank and HDFC ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked public sector banks not to increase interest rates for home loans up to Rs 30 lakh and ...
Interest rates have almost peaked and is unlikely to change unless the Reserve Bank of India further tightens monetary policy, ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) today announced an increase in interest rate on term deposits to 10 per cent per annum ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked public sector banks not to increase interest rates for home loans upto Rs 30 lakh and ...
India's largest lender State Bank of India today said interest rates have almost peaked, which is unlikely to change unless RBI ...
The bank plans to separate investment banking and wealth management operations.
UBS AG, Switzerland’s biggest bank, plans ...
In a bid to tap the growing small and medium enterprise (SME) market which appears to be buoyant despite the economic downturn, ...
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services On Tuesday said the National Housing Bank (NHB) will pick up a 12.5 per cent stake in ...
Max New York Life Insurance, a joint venture between Max India and New York Life Insurance, on Tuesday announced a referral ...
While warning of tough times ahead for non-life insurers, rating agency Icra On Tuesday said of the three key business segments, ...
Be ready to pay service charges if you are sending money home using the State Bank of India’s network of over 10,000 ...
With higher interest rates, bankers today said their loan portfolios will grow at a slower pace, partly because of the caution ...
Despite the government asking public sector banks to stay away from high-cost bulk deposits, 12 players have raised around Rs ...
Now, returns up 15-20% over Apr levels.
Individuals are lining up to park their money in fixed deposits (FDs), what with the ...
In a unique arrangement with the regional rural banks (RRBs), the West Bengal government has decided to extend insurance ...
The Hindujas-controlled IndusInd Bank plans to re-enter the personal loan business after having almost stopped extending loans ...
In a move that will bring cheer to health insurance policyholders, non-life insurers are finalising the contours of a new product ...
The lending by cooperatives and regional rural banks to the agricultural sector declined to Rs 17,034 crore from Rs 20,749 crore ...
The government may allow non-government provident funds to invest up to 10 per cent incremental flows in the stock market, a ...
Absence of clear global norms keeps central bank off such products.
Concerned over the role of sophisticated credit derivatives ...
Nearly two weeks after the Reserve Bank of India’s latest monetary-tightening measures, the country’s largest lender, ...
UBS AG, the world’s biggest money manager for the wealthy, may report tomorrow that private-banking clients removed funds ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) announced a 100 basis point increase in its prime lending rate (PLR), which will go up to 13.75% ...
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda today raised interest rates on new housing loans exceeding Rs 30 lakh, new auto and consumer ...
State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur has increased its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 basis points to 14 per cent.
The ...
Pursuant to the earlier mandate for the banks to calculate their off-balance sheet exposures in the interest rate and foreign ...
Five banks – Development Credit Bank (DCB), Catholic Syrian Bank, Dhanalakshmi Bank, Lakshmi Vilas Bank and Nainital Bank ...
Futures trading in Indian currencies is set to be a reality soon.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is expected ...
SBI Fund Management Private Limited (SBI Mutual Fund),a leading asset management company in India, has tied up with United Bank ...
The IDBI Bank is all set to make its foray into Mysore.
The bank is opening a branch in Kuvempunagar in Mysore
on Monday.
With a ...
Yes Bank plans to augment the size of its agri-fund by $25-50 million to $150 million and is scouting for a blue-chip overseas ...
Leading public sector lender, Bank of India (BoI), is set to enter the mutual funds business and is mulling setting up a separate ...
Eyeing a bigger share in the domestic-market, private-sector lender, Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) said it will ramp up operations and ...
Private sector lender, Bank of Rajasthan may terminate its distribution tie-up with United India Assurance for general insurance ...
Public sector bank Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) is planning to open 80-100 new branches in this financial year.
The bank has ...
Continuing the flow of home loans and accessing low-cost deposits are two key elements of the government’s instructions to ...
The country’s second largest private lender HDFC Bank and public sector players Bank of Baroda (BoB) and United Bank of ...
The Union cabinet on Friday approved the equity restructuring of only the Punjab & Sind Bank, and not Punjab National Bank as ...
Leading public sector lender, Bank of Baroda (BoB), today increased its benchmark prime lending rate by 0.75 per cent to 14 per ...
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, the UK’s second-biggest bank, posted a smaller loss than analysts estimated and said the ...
Fannie Mae, the largest US mortgage- finance company, sliced its dividend after posting a fourth straight quarterly loss and said ...
A Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) panel today recommended introduction of interest rate futures on exchanges initially in the ...
Public sector lender Allahabad Bank has raised its benchmark prime lending rate by 50 basis points to 14 per cent with effect ...
Syndicate Bank, on Friday, announced an upward revision in its interest rates upto 50 basis points on term deposits for one year ...
The Union Cabinet today approved equity restructuring of Punjab & Sind Bank to enable it to go for an initial public offer or ...
The new Chairman and Managing Director of Andhra Bank, R S Reddy, said that the bank's insurance joint venture with Bank of ...
To disburse Rs 1,285cr for sector in current fiscal.
Leading public sector bank, Bank of Baroda (BoB) is planning to increase ...
HSBC is planning to go slow on consumer asset finance and credit cards as delinquency levels are on the rise.
The bank will also ...
Four public sector banks raise PLR, keep retail loan rates unchanged.
State Bank of India (SBI) is likely to raise its prime ...
Maybe the $30 billion in new money Merrill Lynch & Co has raised still isn’t enough.
In any case, Merrill and its three ...
Oriental Insurance Company, a state-owned general insurance firm, has stated that it plans to grow its premium collections by 10 ...
Max New York Life Insurance (MNYL) has clocked a first year premium of Rs 1195 crore.
The assets under management (AUM) have ...
Bharti AXA General Insurance Company, a joint venture between Bharti Group and the AXA Group of Europe, is expected to see its ...
The withdrawal of ICICI Bank from advancing loans at two-wheeler dealerships has forced automobile companies such as Bajaj Auto ...
Bank of India is hunting for an international asset management player for setting up a mutual fund joint venture in India to ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is likely to clear the long pending application of Taurus Parsoli Ethical Fund ...
The liquidity situation has been tight and is expected to remain so in the coming days.
However, the government expenditure ...
Only 25 recovery agents have been certified by the Indian Institute of Banking Finance (IIBF) - the entity mandated by the ...
Companies float CDs, CPs to benefit from lower interest rates.
The short-term money market is buzzing with activity as companies ...
A day after Union Bank of India hiked its benchmark prime lending rate, Bank of India (BoI) today followed suit by increasing its ...
Dena Bank has increased its interest rates on domestic term deposits by 25 to 100 basis points for various maturities from 91 ...
GE Money, the consumer finance unit of the General Electric Company, announced an increase in its benchmark floating reference ...
Federal Reserve officials, stuck between their conflicting goals of maximum employment and stable prices, chose yesterday not to ...
A big part of India’s strategy to combat inflation this year hinges on expectations of a bumper harvest of its autumn crop, ...
Increased bank interest rates and new capital adequacy norms of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will soon weigh heavily on the ...
Syndicate Bank, the Manipal-headquartered 7th largest public sector lender, has widened its personal loan portfolio with the ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to continue with its tight monetary stance to counter the surge in headline inflation rate, C ...
The rupee ended near a two-week high against the US dollar today as banks sold the greenback, noting a persistent fall in ...
HSBC India expects its profit growth to moderate in the 2008-09 financial year due to the prevailing high-interest rate ...
After a lull, another public sector bank has raised lending rates.
With pressure on margins, Union Bank of India today increased ...
High interest rates, unavailability of funds hit non-banking finance companies.
A rise in interest rates has started pinching ...
With pressure on margins due to rising interest costs Union Bank of India today hiked its Benchmark Prime Lending rate (BPLR) by ...
HSBC today said it would maintain its five per cent stake in the country's third largest private sector lender Axis Bank in the ...
Hinduja group promoted IndusInd Bank said that it had increased its prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points to 17 per cent ...
Move to avert the sharpest public disagreement among policy makers in more than a decade.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S ...
The life insurance industry grew by 14 per cent in the first quarter of 2008-09 despite a 12 per cent decline in the premium ...
Banks in India are heading for a slowdown due to the challenging economic environment, according to Standard Chartered ...
The Special Undertaking of UTI or SUUTI has started the process of selling most of its stake in Axis Bank.
The field has been ...
Taking a cue from crude oil prices, the spot rupee closed today at 42.25 after opening the day at 42.35-37 to a dollar.
Dealers ...
Falling crude oil prices trigger a rush for govt securities.
The yield on the benchmark ten-year paper fell below 9 per cent to ...
The average middle class Indian, with his life and medical insurance, and pension plan, will be surprised if told that he faces a ...
Any new customer acquired by a bank may soon have to undergo a risk assessment.
The Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU), the ...
Despite expressing fears of rising defaults, banks today committed themselves to promptly sanction fresh loans to farmers covered ...
Agitated with the government’s move to merge State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) with SBI, all the officers working in SBI and ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA), today said K Ramakrishnan has taken over as its chief ...
Export Credit Guarantee Corporation, insurer for the exporting firms, today said it is foraying into the domestic credit ...
Canara Bank has revised the interest on FCNR (B) deposits, for GBP and USD from August 1, 2008, on varying maturities from 1-5 ...
Public sector banks have suddenly developed cold feet on raising lending rates even if it means sacrificing on their bottom ...
Ahead of the finance minister’s meeting with the public sector bank chiefs on August 13, the Department of Financial ...
The process of winding up Kolkata-based Industrial Investment Bank of India (IIBI) has run into rough weather as the bid process ...
Canara Bank, the Bangalore-based second largest public sector bank, has launched a scheme for the rejuvenation, modernisation and ...
Yes Bank intends to launch three private equity (PE) funds over the next 18-24 months — a $300 million Clean Energy fund, a ...
But it won’t downgrade the country’s rating for now.
Global rating major Moody’s today said the ...
The government securities market witnessed heavy buying demand from foreign and private sector banks that generally act as ...
ICRA has signed an MoU with Canara Bank under which ICRA will assign ratings to the bank's loans and its other exposures under ...
Anil Ambani group firm Reliance Infratel is likely to defer its initial public offer (IPO) plans as the capital market ...
After years of heady growth on the back of a retail lending wave, ICICI Bank seems to be taking a pause and is instead focusing ...
Liquidity: Looking bright
Liquidity in the system may improve this week, with the government beginning to compensate banks for ...
The Supreme Court has expressed concern over the increasing tendency of insurance companies to deny compensation to claimants of ...
Given favourable regulatory conditions, India holds a promising growth opportunity for Islamic finance institutions, whose asset ...
The government today announced the appointment of chairman-managing directors for Allahabad Bank, Andhra Bank
and Vijaya Bank.
K ...
There may finally be some good news for Indian companies on foreign currency exchangeable bonds (FCEB's).
The finance ministry ...
After 24 years at the helm, Narayan Vaghul, the non-executive chairman of ICICI Bank, will call it a day in March next year.
His ...
The recent hike in the rates will hurt your finances further.
Time to do some stock-taking.
Earlier this week, Reserve Bank of ...
Public sector lender State Bank of Travancore today said it will raise its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points ...
Union Bank of India today said it has reduced interest rates on its Foreign Currency Non-Resident (B) Deposits and Non-Resident ...
Bank of Rajasthan today said it has received shareholders' approval for issue of bonus shares in the ratio of one share for every ...
Bank of India Executive Director K R Kamath has been appointed as the Chairman and Managing Director of Kolkata-based Allahabad ...
Union Bank of India has opened its first branch in Hong Kong,  targeting  business in wholessale banking, loan ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Friday said interest rates will moderate from the current high levels over the next ...
The country’s 40 listed banks reported near flat profit growth during the first quarter of 2008-’09 as higher ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said it is worried over rising defaults on credit card payments that reflect ...
Following in the footsteps of other lenders, state-owned Punjab & Sind Bank (P&SB) and private lender ING Vysya ...
Move follows tight norms for raters in US, EU after global financial turmoil.
With the role of rating agencies under the lens ...
The current high interest rates in the country will begin to moderate in the next 6 to 12 months, Finance Minister P ...
Number of self help groups (SHGs) repaying their advances has come down to 85 per cent from 98 per cent in the last few years, ...
Private lender Standard Chartered Bank may again review its benchmark prime lending rates (BPLR) soon, a top bank official ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) board will meet next week to take a call on raising prime lending rates (PLR), that could rise by 25-50 ...
Public sector lender, Bank of India (BoI), is considering a hike in its Benchmark Prime Lending Rate (BPLR) following the Reserve ...
Central Bank Q1 net dips 39% 
State-run Central Bank of India today announced a decline in its net profit at Rs 59.32 crore for ...
State Bank of India, the country’s largest bank, has received nearly 2.4 million applications for 20,000 clerical jobs. ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest bank, has decided to expand its global operations and expects more than a ...
With the five-year term of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y V Reddy coming to an end soon, names of his deputy Rakesh ...
Amendments may ease norms for mandatory listing.
There is more to the amendment to insurance laws than an increase in the ...
The government today decided to expand two insurance schemes for rural landless households and women self-help groups (SHGs).
At ...
The country’s largest private bank ICICI Bank and the largest home mortgage company HDFC today announced a 75 basis point ...
The rising proportion of unsecured loans, increasing exposure to high-risk customers, spiralling interest rates and a decline in ...
Home loan lender, HDFC, has upped its retail prime lending rate (RPLR) by 0.75 per cent to 15 per cent with effect from August ...
Country's second largest PSU lender Punjab National Bank today said it does not see any jump in its Net Interest Margin (NIM) in ...
State-run Central Bank of India today announced a decline in its net profit at Rs 59.32 crore for the quarter ended June 30, a ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank today announced a jump of 50.9 per cent in the net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, to ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), India's largest bank, has decided to expand its global operations and expects more than threefold ...
Federal Bank has posted 2 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 68.15 crore in the first quarter of the current fiscal as compared to ...
SREI Infrastructure Finance Limited, which recently entered into a a 50:50 joint venture (JV) with BNP Paribas Lease Group ...
City Union PAT rises 22 per cent
City Union Bank reported a 22 per cent increase in its profit after tax to Rs 26.24 crore in ...
Reliance Capital profit rises 5%
Reliance Capital today posted a 5 per cent rise in consolidated net profit to Rs 343.1 crore in ...
Riding on higher interest income, Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Wedesday reported a 20.6 per cent increase in net profit to Rs ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy brought the central bank “ahead of the curve” again, just weeks ahead of ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) monetary-tightening measures, banks on began raising interest rates, ...
The Manipal-headquartered Syndicate Bank, the 7th largest public sector lender (in terms of total business), today reported 60.18 ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today announced 100 basis points increase in lending rate and 75-100 basis points increase in Deposit ...
State-run lender Punjab National Bank today posted a net profit of Rs 512.40 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, a 20.54 ...
The price of the ten-year benchmark paper 8.24 per cent 2018 fell by around Rs 3 from an opening of Rs 94.80 to the day’s ...
The foreign exchange market was highly volatile on Tuesday as banks bought dollars early in the day on behalf of oil companies. ...
Corporation Bank profits increase marginally
Hit by heavy depreciation in its investment portfolio, Corporation Bank posted a 4 ...
Interest rates may increase 50 basis points, hit corporate expansion and retail loans.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor today presented the first quarter review of annual statement on Monetary Policy for the ...
The Finance Ministry today said the hike in repo rate and cash reserve requirement is a signal to banks to moderate credit growth ...
Signaling further monetary tightening, the Reserve Bank of India today raised the repo rate or the rate at which it lends to ...
The Manipal-headquartered Syndicate Bank, the 7th largest public sector lender (in terms of total business), today reported 60.18 ...
Hit by heavy depreciation in investment portfolio, Corporation Bank posted a 4 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 184 crore ...
Bankers and economists described the Reserve Bank's move to hike the repo and cash reserve ratio (CRR) as "aggressive", ...
Public sector lender Bank of Baroda today announced a net profit of Rs 370.86 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, a 12 per ...
Life insurance industry has witnessed a seven per cent drop in unit linked insurance product (ULIP) sales during April to May ...
Lending rates are likely to go up by 50-100 bps for retail as well as corporate borrowers, Punjab National Bank Chairman K C ...
IOB profit dips 5%
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) on Monday reported a 4.66 per cent decline in its net profit for the first quarter ...
Bank of India (BoI) posted a 78.41 per cent growth in its net profit due to robust growth in interest income and fee-based ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank today reported an all round decline in performance during the first quarter of ...
The country’s second largest private sector lender HDFC Bank on Monday announced a 44.55 per cent jump in its net profit at ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has posted a 3 per cent increase in its net profit to Rs 150 crore for the first quarter of 2008-’09 as ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Monday said global food and energy prices may stay at elevated levels and put pressure on inflation ...
Personal, home loan flows slow on high rates.
The rise in interest rates
and economic slowdown are showing their impact.
While ...
The prices of government securities remained bullish since the market discounted a 25 basis point hike in the repo rate and ...
Chennai-based Madura Micro Finance Ltd (MMFL) hopes to treble its reach in rural Tamil Nadu to 1.5 million women in the next two ...
The Reserve Bank of India today painted a gloomy picture for the economy.
A survey conducted by the central bank said ...
Public sector lender Dena Bank today announced a net profit of Rs 68.3 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, a 22.28 per ...
Public sector Bank of India today announced a net profit of Rs 561.95 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, a 78.28 per cent ...
The Kotak Mahindra group has posted a profit after tax of Rs 150 crore for the first quarter of FY09 as compared to ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank is acquiring around 5 per cent stake in unlisted Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB).
While confirming the ...
Syndicate Bank'sKolkata region that comprises seven states including West Bengal andNorth Eastern states planned to raise lending ...
Only a few signatures on some bank loan papers stood between Deepak Kulkarni, a senior executive in a communications firm, and ...
State Bank of India’s (SBI)- the country’s largest bank - first quarter profit rose by 15.08 per cent on write-back ...
ICICI Bank today reported a decline in quarterly net profit for the first time since its merger with ICICI in 2002.
The net ...
UCO Bank posted a marginal 0.42 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 133.44 crore in the first quarter as against Rs 132.87 ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank today reported a decline in performance during the first quarter of the current ...
ICICI Bank today reported a 6.07 per cent drop in net profit to Rs 775.08 for the quarter-ended June 2008 on account of higher ...
Country's largest public sector bank the State Bank of India recored a 15.1 percent jump in its net profits for the first quarter ...
UCO Bank has posted a marginal increase of 0.42 per cent in net profit for  the first quarter of the current fiscal, at Rs ...
Bangalore-based public sector lender Vijaya Bank today reported an all round decline in performance during the first quarter of ...
The Export-Import Bank of the United States has approved the participation of Indian ICICI Bank in its Indian Infrastructure ...
State Bank of India Chairman O P Bhatt today said he expected moderate monetary tightening in Reserve Bank of India’s ...
IndusInd, OBC buck the trend.
Three out of the six banks, which declared their results on Friday, saw a decline in their profits ...
Indiabulls Fin net up 28% to Rs 149 cr
Indiabulls Financial Services, one of the leading NBFCs, posted a net profit of 28 per ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to finalise guidelines on mobile banking within two weeks that would enable banks to roll out ...
Punjab National Bank has taken a hit of nearly Rs 150 crore on account of marked-to-market (MTM) losses on its bond portfolio for ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) will not partner with GE Money for its proposed foray into credit card business following huge ...
Seek new credit lines, buy dollars.
 Global crude oil prices have dropped 14 per cent in less than a fortnight, but ...
The company modified the terms of options available to its foreign partner for purchasing an additional 24 per cent stake in Max ...
"We will try to take the reform process forward.... The insurance Bill is one of many Bills which is ...
A day after Manmohan Singh won the trust vote, sans Left support, rating agencies Moody's Investor Services and Icra today said ...
Dealers expect the currency to go past 41 soon.
Differential disclosures to make process easier for firms listed on bourses.
The Securities and Exchange Board of ...
Canara Bank, India's second largest public sector bank, today reported a 49 per cent fall in net profit to Rs 122.68 crore for ...
ING Vysya Bank reported a 60 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 40.63 crore for the first quarter of this financial year ...
The country's second largest mortgage player LIC Housing Finance today reported a 124 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 104.66 ...
LIC Housing Finance, the mortgage arm of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), is set to foray into the venture capital ...
Despite the slowdown and higher provisioning needs, Uco Bank is targeting 81 per cent growth in bottomline this year to Rs 750 ...
Plans mortgage guarantee company with AIG, IFC.
The National Housing Bank (NHB) is drawing a roadmap including prudential norms ...
Canara Bank, India's second largest public sector bank, is all set for an aggressive play in the venture capital business.
The ...
The Udupi division of the LIC launched satellite office here today.
The satellite offices are attached to the respective ...
HSBC announces 2 key appointments in India
Membership to help domestic banks access developed markets.
 Like the global nuclear power club, India is set to join ...
Here is some good news for students going abroad.
Medical insurance comes cheaper in India and sometimes, with better ...
Karnataka Bank plans to raise upto Rs 243 crore through a rights issue.
It received an approval of the shareholders at an ...
To hold on to stakes in ITC, Larsen & Toubro.
The Special Undertaking of UTI (SUUTI) is set to sell around 17 ...
High interest rates do not necessarily result in defaults by borrowers.
Default is linked to the attitude of the person, ...
Corp Bank, PNB too hike deposit, lending rates.
State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, on Friday raised ...
Vijaya Bank awaits RBI move before effecting a hike.
Even as public sector banks are holding on to their prime ...
Bank awaits RBI move to finalise the extent of increase.
 State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, is ...

Holders of health insurance policies issued from June 1 onwards will benefit.
 Buyers of health insurance policies ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) will hike lending rate by 50 bps.

RBI wants net-owned funds hiked to Rs 2 crore.
In a move aimed at tightening the norms for deposit-taking ...
Yes also raises PLR by 50 basis points.
 While the bigger players are debating the pros and cons of raising rates, ...
The anxiety shows on R N Thakur's face.
As the branch manager of Union Bank of India's branch in village Kasabe Digraj, 10 ...
The bank has estimated the value of the controversial products at Rs 14 crore.
 Private sector player Yes Bank is ...
The Rs 72,000-crore loan waiver for farmers "is a disaster.
It spoils the credit culture in the country", said Raghuram ...
Bankex ends positive on short-covering. 
 Reacting to a hike in the repo rate or the rate at which the Reserve Bank ...
Enters into an agreement with the Indian Industries Association.
The new age Yes Bank is targeting Small and Medium ...
Repo rate hiked 25 basis points to 8 per cent.
Banks may soon raise lending as well as deposit rates with the ...
Will wait for cues from RBI before deciding course of action.
Union bank of India has nominated K V Eapen as the Director on its board.

Normalcy returned to the Sahara premises in Lucknow.
The residuary NBFC saw the Supreme Court's direction to Sahara ...
The oil marketing companies are driving credit growth.
The banking sector -- which typically sees credit ...
Board to finalise modalities for LIC to pare stake by 3%. 
 Non-banking finance company IFCI will decide next week on ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank is looking at expanding its footprint in Gujarat.
The bank has just opened its first branch in ...
New dollar purchase facility, easy ECB norms boost sentiment.
 The spot rupee opened stronger on Monday at 42.15-17 ...
Need for banks to realign credit portfolio triggers spurt.
After maintaining a low profile in the last two years, ...
India's first MF scheme ends its 43-year journey.
Sharjah-based marketing executive Vijay Raghavan has sent the 264 ...
Life insurers have decided to pass on service tax to customers.
The next time you buy a unit-linked insurance plan ...
Others banks rule out immediate increase citing lower NIMs.
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will raise ...
Recovers to end at 42.97 to a dollar on RBI intervention.
 The spot rupee today reached a fresh 13-month, intra-day ...
RBI wants lenders to spell out nature of money parked in arms.
 In a move to encourage banks to follow accounting ...
The Indian economy is sputtering, one group of analysts warns.
Monetary tightening has gone too far, business leaders ...
Rise in bad loans compels the country's largest bank to restructure.
State Bank of India is developing business ...
Move may face political reaction, say other banks.
 Worried over rising defaults on loans for new tractors and ...
Regulator seeks data from eight banks.
 The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) scanner on banks
with exposures to exotic ...
No capital infusion in FY09, says SBI Chairman O P Bhatt.
 After reaching an understanding with GE Money to bring ...
Begin on a fresh note with SBI man at the helm of card firm.
Joint venture partners State Bank of India (SBI) and ...
Plants should source equipment, services from the US.
Export-Import Bank of the United States (EX-IM Bank) is open ...
Icra report shows rising costs squeezing corporate profits.
 Downgrades of rated instruments by credit rating agency ...
Lengthens tenures in response to customer feedback.
 ICICI Bank, India's second biggest bank, has offered to ...
The rupee's sustained decline continues, with a nine-month low of 41.225 against the dollar today, on the heels of news of the ...
Drops 41 paise against dollar on fears of trade deficit widening.
PM's panel, ICRIER favour fund to utilise large forex reserves.
The government has no plans to establish a ...
BIS data show nation borrowed $28 bn in fourth quarter of '07 .
 Foreign banks have sharply increased their exposure ...
The PSU's first premium income rose only 6 per cent during 2007-08.
 A poor show by the Life Insurance Corporation of ...
State-run lenders told to be cautious when selling exotic deals.
Taking note of mark-to-market losses incurred by ...
Currency swings leave companies vulnerable.
Stung by the controversies on structured forex derivatives, bankers to ...


Move should result in more takers for gilts.
To make the government borrowing porgramme attractive in times of ...
Fresh norms may be introduced for derivatives exposures of banks.
Reserve Bank of India, in its annual policy for ...
Infrastructure companies can now hope to borrow more from commercial banks.
Taking note of the usual delays an ...
Refiners can hedge up to 50 per cent of imports.
The RBI has permitted domestic crude oil refining companies to ...
Time period for repatriation of export proceeds increased to a year.
The credit policy offers exporters greater ...
ICICI Bank defers IPO for I-Sec following clarification. In a move that could significantly ease bank investment in their ...
Of the eight state-run banks, two banks have reported a drop in profits.
The rising cost of deposits seems to have ...
The central bank wants to ease credit flow to agriculture sector.
In order to balance growth with inflation, the ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT), headquartered in Thiruvananthapuram, has posted a net profit of Rs 149.20 crore for the ...
The global financial turmoil has affected long-term credit ratings of two of Merrill Lynchs Indian arms as also four Indian ...
Indian Bank today reported near flat net profit growth during the fourth quarter of 2007-08 at Rs 241.67 crore compared with Rs ...
Notwithstanding an imminent deceleration in the Indian economy, State Bank of India expects a 22-24 per cent credit growth in ...
After Axis Bank, it is now the turn of State Bank of India to disclose losses its customers could face on derivative trading.

Public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has posted a net loss of Rs 99.44 crore in the fourth quarter of 2007-08 due ...
India's corporate bond market remains under-developed despite strong economic growth and significant financial system reforms, ...
State-run Indian Bank today announced a standalone net profit of Rs 241.67 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2008, a ...
The countrys largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), expects a credit growth of 22 per cent this fiscal, a top bank official ...
State Bank of India will book Mark-to-Market (MTM) loss of $10 million for erosion in the value of overseas financial investment. ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday said that the government has received a proposal from the Prime Ministers Council on ...
Corporate lending departments asked to scan borrowers' books.With little clarity on the list of companies that have ...
Rating agency Crisil has downgraded ICICI Banks securitised car and personal loan pool worth over Rs 203 crore from AAA (so) to ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) should create a pool for senior citizen policies, according to general ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is slowly phasing out deposit-taking, non-banking finance companies (D-NBFCs) garnering public ...
Foraying into the commercial banking space in Gujarat, HSBC is eyeing for a larger chunk of business from the state in the coming ...
Rabobank, the Netherlands-based financial institution, is planning to set up a $100 million private equity fund in India which ...
Axis Bank today reported a 70.56 per cent increase in net profit during the fourth quarter of 2006-07 to Rs 361.4 crore mainly ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) proposes to come out with prudential norms for reverse mortgage loans to safeguard banks in a ...
Karnataka Bank will take up the matter of bringing in a fresh investor at its next board meeting scheduled for April 24.

State-run Indian Overseas Bank has decided to increase interest rates on new loans given below benchmark prime lending rate ...
State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank, the nations two biggest banks, will be worst hit by the central banks decision to ...
A tepid response to the Employee Stock Purchase Scheme (ESPS) has forced State Bank of India (SBI) to relax the one-year lock-in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has initiated talks with accounting standards regulator Institute of Chartered Accountants of ...
Bank has 188 transactions with an MTM loss of Rs 673 crore.

The Reserve Bank of India has expressed its inability to accede to Mangalore-based private sector Karnataka Banks proposal to ...
Public sector bank (PSB) chiefs will have a lot to discuss when they meet Finance Minister P Chidambaram on May 1 to get a broad ...
There may not be any legal obstacles to the State Bank of Saurashtras (SBS) merger with the State Bank of India (SBI) but it is ...
The crash in the stock market has left an impact on the life insurance industry also.

The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is going to help develop clean energy projects in Asia including India.
With an initial seed ...
The Hyderabad High Court yesterday said that the ICICI Bank cannot treat as non-performing assets the amount of money ...
The Reserve Bank of India deputy governor, V Leeladhar on Thursday said that the derivative deals, some of which are locked in ...
Policy roadblock keeps banks, insurance companies away.
It is boom time for actuaries as demand for them is growing, especially from insurance and outsourcing companies.
It is estimated ...
Norms for deposit-taking NBFCs need a fresh look, says RBI.
The government has asked the Reserve Bank of India to review the pending cases of alleged violation of the Foreign Exchange ...
GE Moneys tie-up with Life Insurance Corporation for cards has not gone down well with State Bank of India.
While SBI and GE ...
Joining the government in battling the skyrocketing inflation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today hiked the cash reserve ratio ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys largest private lender, will adopt a wait-and-watch strategy for deciding on increasing interest rates ...
V Leeladhar, Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said derivative deals do not pose any systemic risks.
While ...
Malappuram-based South Malabar Gramin Bank (SMGB), a regional rural bank (RRB) sponsored by the Canara Bank, posted a profit of ...
Standard and Poors today said India was largely insulated from problems posed by the financial crisis and the slowdown in the ...
Indias money, bond and currency markets have been stable and may be immune to the global credit crisis, according to Reserve ...
RBI move aimed at curbing inflation, FMC too joins fight against price rise.
Centurion Bank of Punjab has entered into an agreement with the India Post to provide foreign exchange services in Kolkata.
Mangalore-based public sector Corporation Bank today launched Corp Shelter, the reverse mortgage loan scheme for senior ...
Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance Private Limited on Tuesday introduced Swayam Shakti Suraksha, a group insurance product of Bajaj ...
SKS Microfinance Private Limited is planning to sell solar lamps and groceries to its members apart from marketing GSM handsets ...
Amid the global debate on sovereign wealth funds (SWFs), Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy has said that India is still ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today said companies, which have reaped the benefits of derivatives deals in the past, should not blame banks ...
ICICI Bank has doubled the minimum quarterly average balance to be maintained in a savings account to Rs 10,000 from Rs 5,000 ...
In the last few years, unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) have quietly become one of the largest players in the Indian stock ...
Public sector lender State Bank of India will tie up with a domestic firm to roll out its mobile banking services within a month, ...
In a move to tap opportunities in the bottom of the pyramid market, SBI Mutual Fund is set to make the minimum investment ...
Close on the heels of Ahmedabad-based Manekchowk Co-operative Bank's decision to merge with Mumbai's Abhyudaya Co-operative Bank, ...
Indian corporate houses making overseas investments through big-ticket acquisitions is now quite established.
But they seem to be ...
Liquidity: Stays surplus Though foreign exchange inflows have been subdued, fresh flows have started coming in.
This ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has fined 10 insurance companies, including both the insurance arms of ...
Stressing greater financial prudence and transparency on the part of urban cooperative banks (UCBs) in the country, the Reserve ...
Lenders, issuers expect an end to interest rate benefit from escrow accounts.
Yes Bank plans to set up an Asset Reconstruction Company (ARC) by September jointly with a US-based financial services ...
HDFC Bank has unveiled plans to foray into Bahrain by the middle of the year, following Bank of Baroda's re-entry into the ...
Banks that had cut their prime lending rates early this year on cues from the government are reviewing the decision due to a ...
Private sector lender Yes Bank has zeroed in on two banks as possible acquisition targets and could execute the buy-out in the ...
The Madras High Court today passed an interim order restraining Axis Bank from enforcing the forex derivatives contract sold to ...
Yes Bank has zeroed in on two banks as possible acquisition targets and could execute the buy-out in the next 18-24 months, a top ...
Billionaire George Soros said the seizure in global credit markets caused by the subprime collapse will get worse before it gets ...
Aegon Religare Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between global life insurance major Aegon and the integrated financial ...
The Bank of England (BoE) today cut the benchmark interest rate for the third time since December as higher credit costs and the ...
The credit card joint venture between state-run major Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and GE Money is expected to ...
Indias largest private sector bank, ICICI Bank, is in talks with Moscow Bank for Reconstruction and Development, an arm of ...
Bank chief says negotiating out-of-court settlement with client.

No provision for derivatives transactions as bank says there's no delinquency.

Banking stocks on Wednesday saw some buying interest on the bourses.

The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is planning to raise more than Rs 10,000 crore from the market ...
The rising credit costs in tight financial markets have hit India Incs plans to raise funds through external commercial ...
Yes Bank has reported a 112% increase in net profit at Rs 200.02 crore for the year ended March 31, 2008 when compared with Rs ...
British credit card bank Capital One has announced plans to axe 750 jobs as part of its move to shift more operations to India ...
In a move that could set a precedence for a host of derivatives-related cases between banks and companies, Kotak Mahindra Bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may avoid moral suasion to deter bids at its daily reverse repo tenders and instead reject bids ...
Three years after IDBI became a bank, Yogesh Agarwal, the bank's third chairman and managing director in as many years, is ...
Central bank may raise interest rate spread for foreign currency-denominated loans to exporters.
Raghuram Rajan couldnt have found a more inopportune moment to present his blueprint for financial-sector development in
Basel-II mandates banks to set aside more capital for advances to unrated companies.

Union Bank of India, as part of its business building initiatives, is looking to expand the Banking Habit Villages programme in ...
Fullerton India Credit Company Ltd, a leading player in the non-banking finance space, in its efforts at reaching out to the ...
Irda may hike ceiling for group firms from 20% to 25%.
Insurance companies across the globe settled claims for $27.6 billion on natural disasters in 2007, even as 40 per cent of the ...
Liquidity: In surplusThe system was awash with liquidity, thanks to the influx of advance tax outflows and the excess ...
Corporate houses that are promoters of insurance companies
can now launch insurance broking companies.
The Insurance Regulatory ...
The growth in the first year premium (FYP), particularly in unit-linked insurance policies (ULIPs), of life insurance players, ...
Sell off weak state-run banks, slash govt stake below 50%; Tie up with strategic investor.

The banking sector, including regional rural banks and cooperative banks, has issued 628,392 kisan credit cards (KCC) with a ...
The committee on financial sector reforms headed by Raghuram Rajan has recommended that provident funds and insurance companies ...
Liquidity: Tough timesThere is surplus liquidity in the system, but it will gradually recede following the ...
In a far reaching suggestion that will elicit support from the political class, an expert committee has called for the ...
The Raghuram Rajan panel has suggested a change in Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) strategy in managing inflation.

At a time when the government is unable to push through financial sector reforms or disinvestment, a Planning ...
Irene DSouzas (name changed) broker had got her a home loan of Rs 18 lakh approved from ICICI Bank.
However, when she went for ...
Union Bank of India, as part of its business-building initiatives, is looking to expand the Banking Habit Villages programme in ...
In a bid to tame the high inflation from the monetary side, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has started reviewing the option of ...
Indias foreign exchange reserves shot up 55 per cent in 2007-08 to close at $309.16 billion  an increase of nearly $110 billion ...
Even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today sucked out liquidity worth Rs 38,000 crore, it announced the sale of treasury bills ...
Banks are ruling out an immediate hardening of interest rates and will wait for cues from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) before ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) today launched its reverse mortgage scheme for senior citizens.
The scheme will enable senior citizens
...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed banks to set up financial literacy and credit counselling centres (FLCCs). The ...
State Bank of India (SBI), Bengal Circle, is planning to launch a Smart Card Solution through a business correspondent model in ...
The Reserve Bank of India may prefer to wait for the annual policy review on April 29 to take a monetary stance in response to ...
The Tamil Nadu Cooperative Bank Employees Federation plans to go on fast in front of all district headquarters across the state ...
A change in the compensation structure has resulted in foreign banks selling their prime residential property across the ...
India may have taken a lead in medical tourism, but insurance companies are reluctant to cover the cost of treatment of the ...
Punjab National Bank is worried about the recovery of credit extented under the government sponsored schemes in Haryana.
These ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed banks to set up financial literacy and credit counselling centres (FLCCs). The ...
Lenders ask RBI to ensure cheaper credit for core sector.

Punjab National Bank (PNB) has raised interest rates on pound and euro deposits while reducing rates for US dollar deposits ...
ICICI Bank has bought back bonds aggregating $50 million.According to a release issued by the bank to the BSE today, the ...
Forty-five banks and financial institutions with 444 branches advanced Rs 2,201.32 crore (67.06 per cent) as against a target of ...
In an attempt to improve employee morale, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is mulling a proposal to upgrade the post of regional ...
Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has opted out of the proposed general insurance joint venture (JV) with Shriram Financial Services and ...
The exchangeable bonds (FCEBs) proposed by the government as an additional instrument for fund-raising by companies overseas may ...
Shareholders are losing money.
Bankers are fuming.
Lawyers are smiling.
And the auditors  ah well, they are just waking up.
Suggests government cut stake in state-run banks to 33%.
To spearhead its operations in international markets, Dewan Housing Finance Company (DHFL), the second largest housing finance ...
High inflation, global market turmoil & concerns over assets quality lead lenders to peg target at 20%.
The British havent had a recession for so long, they appear to have forgotten what they are like.
They are about to get a sharp ...
Pune-based public sector bank Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has decided to opt out of the joint venture with Shriram Financial ...
AEGON Religare Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between Netherlands-based AEGON and Religare, has received the initial ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is confident of tiding over the recent spurt in inflation, Governor Y V Reddy indicated to ...
Swiss banking behemoth UBS yesterday announced that its latest subprime-linked writedown of about $19 billion will have no impact ...
The Reserve Bank of India may allow the rupee to appreciate to temper prices, joining central banks across Asia, as the global ...
This years corporate insurance cover renewals have thrown up many surprises.
India Inc has seen its premiums drop by 60-75 per ...
Reporting norms for broking houses and depository participants are likely to made more stringent this financial year (FY09) as ...
High inflation may see hardening of rates in coming weeks.

Indian Bank has crossed Rs 1 lakh crore business as of March 31, 2008, the Chennai-based bank said in a statement ...
Citigroup Inc, battling to restore profit after a record loss, will set up an independent credit-card unit and overhaul consumer ...
Global financial institutions such as Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan, Credit Suisse and Nomura among others are in the ...
Concerns on inflation and fading hopes of a cut in interest rates pulled down the prices of government securities across ...
Alarmed over the use of bonds and treasury bills (T-bills) under the Market Stabilisation Scheme (MSS) for liquidity management ...
The entire banking sector may have to make a provision of around Rs 800-1,000 crore in their trading portfolio of government ...
Asks lender to secure presence in the Pakistani city where it was set up in 1943.
Around 25-30 per cent of corporate insurance policies that come up for renewal on April 1 have secured discounts in excess of 60 ...
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) plans to acquire Shree Suvarna Sahakari Bank, a Pune-based cooperative bank.
The board ...
Rising global crude oil prices drive deficit up in the third quarter of 2007-08.
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy said that there is no systemic impact as the transactions are micro issues.
Calling the present level of inflation unacceptably high, Reserve Bank of India governor YV Reddy said that the central bank is ...
The Bush administration is proposing the broadest overhaul of Wall Street regulation since the Great Depression, according to a ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), which was headquartered in Lahore before Independence, may apply to the Reserve Bank of India ...
ICAI asks companies to reveal forex derivative losses.

Public sector Canara Bank launched a call centre in Bangalore to enable its customers access information pertaining to their ...
Liquidity: Better timesLiquidity is expected to improve as financial year-end worries of banks to set aside funds will ...
Banks and financial institutions must provide greater transparency while reducing their market positions to repay their debts ...
After Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) deferred plans to cut its prime lending rate (PLR), several banks have decided ...
HDFC Bank is moving its business process outsouring (BPO) activity to semi-urban areas, and is planning to hire about 2,000 ...
The first adverse impact the rising inflation has become visible.
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has deferred its ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is planning to foray into the credit card business by October.
Chairman and Managing Director K C ...
Rating agency ICRA Ltd (ICRA) and State Bank of Hyderabad have signed a Memorandum of Understanding under which ICRA will assign ...
Mangalore-based public sector Corporation Bank has raised Rs 300 cr to augment its tier-II capital through an issue of unsecured, ...
Days ahead of the close of the financial year, many banks are pushing exporters to unwind rupee-dollar options contracted towards ...
To open 50 more branches, 250 ATMs next year.
So far, banks were engaged in calculating minimum capital they needed to take care of credit, operational and market risks.
But ...
Despite fears of slowdown, investments in the Indian properties continue unabated.
The Euronext-listed real estate investment ...
Allahabad Bank has cut the benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 25 basis points.In a statement to the Bombay Stock ...
Investors in Yes Bank, an Indian lender partly owned by Rabobank Groep of the Netherlands, had a turbulent ride amid unraveling ...
Max New York Life Insurance will adopt the hub and spoke model to strengthen its presence in Kerala.

The proposed three-way venture between the Ashok Wadhwa-promoted Ambit group, Web18 of the TV18 group and Centurion Bank of ...
Uttar Pradesh has become the third state, after Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh, to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the ...
Federal Bank inaugurated 26 new branches across 11 states on Wednesday, taking the total number of branches to 602.
The bank ...
Non-life insurance companies will have to wait for a few more months before they can change the wordings, terms and conditions of ...
Indian households are increasingly opting for physical assets as instruments of savings compared with their earlier emphasis on ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has decided to reduce the solvency margins on term products in an ...
In a move aimed at making term insurance products cheaper and popular among customers, the Insurance Regulatory Development ...
Federal Bank inaugurated 26 new branches across 11 states on Wednesday.
This will take its total branch network to 602.
The bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may allow banks to continue the loan recovery proceedings if the borrower persistently makes ...
Federal Bank will open three more branches in Karnataka on March 26.
With this the number of its branches in the state will touch ...
NGO Care-India, in association with Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company, has launched a community-based micro health ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to introduce IT-enabled financial inclusion through smart card in Karnataka.
Insurance against terror will command a lower premium starting from the next financial year as the pool created in this respect ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) will issue licences to four new insurance companies to start operations ...
It is not just government employees who are cheering the sixth Pay Commission report.
Even banks are eyeing big bucks with the ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the largest bank in the country, has received the approval of Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) ...
Non-life insurance companies are keen on getting a slice of the Rs 1,000-crore health insurance scheme proposed for 23 lakh ...
HSBC Financial Services Middle East has picked up a 4.99 per cent stake in Yes Bank in the secondary market.

Cap for current financial year may go up to $28-30 billion.
Corporation Bank, a medium size public sector bank, will raise Rs 500 crore through Tier-II bonds.According to a release ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) proposes to evaluate the progress of districts under financial inclusion through an independent ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has ruled out the possibility of discontinuing the year-old motor pool, ...
The government will raise Rs 96,000 crore from the market in April-September 2008 by issuing securities to part-finance its ...
Chinas yuan was little changed, trading near the strongest since a dollar link ended in 2005, after Japans finance minister ...
The Sixth Pay Commissions recommendations would have jolted many bankers recovering from Monday morning blues, which seemed ...
Central banks from 16 Asian nations may invest more of their $1 trillion of foreign reserves in the regions debt as Federal ...
Punjab National Bank will be raising Rs 500 crore as PNB Upper Tier II Bonds Series IV, with option to retain oversubscription, ...
Liquidity: May easeLiquidity is likely to improve this week with the end of the outflow towards advance taxes.
Banks ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) will raise Rs 900 crore to meet Basel-II compliance requirements for Accounting Standards 15 (AS15) ...
Dena Bank is likely to raise Rs 300-350 crore capital in the next financial year to maintain a 24 per cent credit growth, ...
The Federal Reserve and Bank of England (BoE) denied a report on Saturday that they were in talks over possibly using public ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $3.028 billion to $306.488 billion for the week ended March 14, according to data released by ...
State Bank of India (SBI), which got a licence from Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA) last year to open its full-fledged ...
Atleast four public sector banks and four foreign lenders are likely to join the State Bank of India-led consortium to raise $3 ...
Contrary to the bank unions' demands to halt the merger of state-run banks, the All India Insurance Employees' Union (AIIEA) ...
Atleast four public sector banks and four foreign lenders are likely to join State Bank of India led consortium to raise the $3 ...
Crisil on Wednesday put the rating of debt instruments of 27 Indian arms of global banking groups, including Citi and Standard ...
Most Indian companies are still quite far from having good risk management processes.

Punjab National Bank (PNB) expects to get Rs 2,000 crore from the government in the financial year beginning April for farm loan ...
Manufacturing sector slowdown, low retail loan pull down credit growth 21%.
The Reserve Bank of India is planning to allow domestic companies to hedge their oil purchases in a bid to lower the impact of ...
Congress today asked scheduled and private banks to cut interest rates on home loans to "bring relief to millions of people ...
There seem to be some question marks regarding State Bank of Indias Rs 16,736 crore rights issue with the countrys largest bank ...
With a view to provide flexibility to insurance companies, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) has ...
Seven years after the reputation of co-operative banks took a beating in the wake of Ketan Parekh scam, there is a new wave of ...
There seem to be some question marks regarding State Bank of Indias Rs 16,736 crore rights issue with the countrys largest bank ...
Leading foreign private equity investors Sequoia Capital and Nexus India have invested Rs 120 crore in local brokerage firm ...
Concerns of lower profit accretion to ICICI Bank from its insurance business was little overdone, said brokerage firm Prabhudas ...
SG Private Banking is planning to scale up its wealth management business.
The bank recently acquired the non banking finance ...
The yen extended its decline against the dollar, snapping a four-day advance.
Mop-up aimed at funding purchase of stake in HDFC Bank to retain shareholding.
Home loan rates have seen a declining trend during the last one year, with rates slashed as many as three times by several banks, ...
The Gujarat government-pioneered e-gram project, which aims to facilitate e-governance initiatives in villages through a central ...
The market for reverse mortgage services, under which senior citizens can pledge their property for a steady income, will have a ...
Indian banks with operations in Mauritius  State Bank of India and Bank of Baroda  could look forward to newer business ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank is planning to open a representative office in Sharjah to cater to non resident Indians in the ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys largest private sector lender, and its insurance arm ICICI Lombard, have come under the scanner of fair ...
There seems to be some year-end activity at banks with non-food credit offtake in the fortnight ended February 29, 2008, going up ...
The dollar fell below 96 yen for the first time in 12 years earlier today after the Federal Reserves emergency weekend cut in ...
After the Reserve Bank of India, it is now the income tax authorities who have put banks and companies disclosing losses in their ...
ICICI Bank, the country's biggest private sector lender, along with its insurance arm, ICICI Lombard, has come under the scanner ...
J P Morgan Chase & Co set a deal to buy Bear Stearns for a rock-bottom price of $2 per share (or approximately $240 million) ...
State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur is planning to raise Rs 200 crore.According to a release issued by the bank to the BSE ...
What could set the alarm bells ringing for the Indian banking system is the revelation that there has been a six-fold rise in ...
The government on Saturday said State Bank of India has suffered a loss of only Rs 1 crore in the overseas credit derivatives ...
RBI to overhaul norms for all foreign currency derivatives.

Bear Stearns 85 years as an independent Wall Street firm may be coming to an end as JPMorgan Chase considers buying the crippled ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $2.225 billion to $303.460 billion during the week ended March 7, according to data released ...
International claims of Indian banks have risen by 41.15 per cent to Rs 1,49,167 crore at the end of June 2007 on account of ...
Barclays, a global financial services provider, announced the launch of Hello Money, a mobile banking service for its ...
Reserve Bank of India governor Y V Reddy defended his decision to keep the rates unchanged by saying that all stakeholders should ...
The Reserve Bank of India has withdrawn the blanket ban imposed on the international audit and consultancy firm ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has launched R.I.C.H fund that will invest in four categories -- resources, investments, ...
The Japanese yen today breached the crucial barrier of 100 to dollar and reached an intraday high of 99.73 before closing for the ...
Traditional agency channels could be highly inefficient to serve the rural and semi-urban market with insurance products.

It would allow US investors to access Indian, Chinese currencies.
Meera Sanyal, country executive, ABN Amro Bank, said its interesting times to take over the reins, especially with ABN ...
State-owned lender Union Bank of India has entered into a strategic tie-up with financial services provider IDBI Capital Market ...
The Rs 60,000 crore farm loan relief package announced by finance minister P Chidambaram in the budget might have become an issue ...
United Bank of India is targeting to double its business to Rs 150,000 crore by 2011 and has roped in Indian Institute of ...
Private insurers see first premium rise 82% during April-January period.

The Japanese yen today breached the crucial barrier of 100 to dollar and reached an intraday high of 99.73 before closing for the ...
The decline of the dollar against the Japanese yen is unlikely to impact corporate India much as most yen loans are covered. ...
Indian bank plans to open 12 new microstate branches to provide microfinance exclusively for self-help groups (SHGs) across the ...
Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc, a spin-off of the US-based ADP Brokerage Services Group, is looking at Asia-Pacific and ...
UCO Bank is all set to raise Rs 625 crore through the perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (PNCPS) route in a bid to ...
Banks such as Federal Bank, South Indian Bank and City Union Bank are losing out in market share to their new age counterparts in ...
In an attempt to make unit-linked insurance policies (Ulips) run parallel to endowment policies, the Insurance Regulatory and ...
Even after downgrading almost 10,000 subprime-mortgage bonds, Standard & Poors and Moodys Investors Service havent cut the ...
Garlanding politicians with currency notes may be a time-tested method of appeasing them, but Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not ...
Thrissur - headquartered (Kerala) Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) is looking at closing this financial year with a business of Rs ...
In recent times, the consumer has been bombarded with an unprecedented barrage of brand advertisement campaigns from insurance ...
Leading financial sector entities including Deutsche Bank, JM Financial, Kotak Mahindra and Arcil have evinced interest in buying ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has warned all public sector general insurance companies not to charge ...
Former RBI deputy governor and author of capital account convertibility roadmap S S Tarapore today favoured imposing reserve ...
PNB Housing Fin in talks with StanChart, others for strategic ties.

In order to cash in on the real estate boom, Life Insurance Corporation Housing Finance (LICHF) is set to launch a new venture ...
The US Federal Reserve said today that it was expanding a securities lending programme and will accept a broader range of ...
Customers can withdraw cash from any ATM free of cost from April 1, 2009.

The staff of State Bank of India (SBI) today staged demonstrations against SBIs reported decision to shift the money market ...
Leading jewellery maker Gitanjali Gems has forayed into the business of providing gold loans and safe deposits vaults.

The negative sentiment in the equity market is beginning to spread to other instruments as well.
Fixed maturity plans (FMPs), ...
Federal Reserve officials are being forced to consider limiting the size of future interest rate cuts because of the worsening ...
Gurusiddheshwar Urban Cooperative Bank in Hubli, which had been forced to suspend operation will resume business soon.
The ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Limited (Kotak Life Insurance) opened its fifth branch in Andhra Pradesh at ...
As part of its diversified distribution approach, MetLife India Insurance Company Limited has entered into a corporate agency ...
There is confusion among the regional rural banks regarding the central banks direction on poultry exposure after the bird flu ...
The yuan rose to the highest since a dollar link ended in July 2005 as a government report showed producer prices climbed at the ...
IPO Grading is a new concept launched in mid-2007 by CRISIL.
While it is unique to India, the underlying philosophy - the need ...
Life insurance companies have written to the finance ministry seeking clarity on the proposal to tax the fund management services ...
After political opposition to bilateral trade agreements, it is now the Reserve Bank of India that is raising the red flag on ...
"Investments in the textile industry have been hit because of the fluctuating rupee.
As 80 per cent of the industry is ...
Customers can withdraw cash from any ATM free of cost from April 1, 2009.

Imagine a tiny automated teller machine (ATM) that could be carried anywhere in your bag.
Unusual it may sound, but Gujarat will ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance (KMOMLI) Limited, a joint venture between Kotak Mahindra Bank and London-based Old ...
Liquidity: No strain Liquidity in the system may remain comfortable this week, but market players will be cautious as ...
Max New York Life Insurance is aiming for a Rs 1 lakh crore business by the end of December 2008.
The total sum assured as of ...
Even as country's largest private lender ICICI Bank reported a Rs 280-crore mark-to-market additional provisioning to cover ...
India's foreign exchange reserves touched $301.23 billion by the end of February 2008.

ING Vysya plans to infuse fresh capital of Rs 125 crore this month to increase the capital base of the company from the current ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB), one of the leading public sector banks in the country, is looking to double its business in three years to ...
The income tax department has decided to reopen the assessments of all life insurance companies since 2002-03 for fresh scrutiny ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy said price stability remains its top priority as inflation breached the central banks ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy today said price stability remains its top priority to contain the adverse effect on ...
Foreign exchange reserves moved above the $300-billion mark to touch $301.235 billion for the week ended February 29 - an ...
A day after Finance Minister P Chidambaram pitched for lower interest rates on home loans up to Rs 20 lakh, private sector ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is aiming at doubling business in the next three years to Rs 5,00,000 crore."We are expected to ...
Hints at lower rates up to Rs 20 lakh.Finance Minister P Chidambaram has indicated that interest rates on housing loans ...
Appeals for lower rates for loans up to Rs 20 lakh.

Max New York Life Insurance Company, one of the leading private insurance companies of the country, has forayed into health ...
Indian banks have started experiencing the ripples of the US subprime crisis.
While ICICI Bank is provisioning an additional $70 ...
Indian banks have started experiencing the ripples of the US subprime crisis.
While ICICI Bank is provisioning an additional $70 ...
On the advent of the proposed loan waiver scheme, the regional rural banks are confused on whether to continue on the circulars ...
The government today said it was open to revisiting the restrictions imposed on bringing money raised through External Commercial ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has signed MoUs with the four credit rating agencies  Icra, CARE, Fitch and Crisil  to rate bank ...
If farmers dont have to repay their loans, why do I have to pay mine?
Standard Chartered has received the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) approval to acquire American Express Bank (AEB) from American ...
Yes Bank will raise $150-175 million from private placement or qualified institutional placement (QIP) of equity shares in the ...
Private insurance company Max New York Life Insurance today announced plans to triple its capital base to Rs 2,600 crore in three ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will sign an agreement with joint venture partners by this month-end for launching the ...
Life insurance companies are deeply concerned over the proposal to extend the requirement of permanent account number (PAN) to ...
Lender to make $70 mn more provisioning in current quarter.

Bangalore-based ING Vysya Life Insurance on Tuesday forayed into the retirement segment by unveiling its new product ING ...
The dollar fell for a sixth day against the yen and traded near a record low versus the euro as traders increased bets that the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) issued prudential guidelines for banks issuing letters of comfort (LoCs) to overseas ...
Ever since the Federal Reserve created a Term Auction Facility in December to ease the strains in the interbank-lending market, ...
SBI Life Insurance Company, HDFC Standard Life Insurance, HDFC Ergo General Insurance and ICICI Lombard General Insurance will ...
Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and Legal and General Group of UK have signed the shareholders agreement for a joint venture to ...
A strong demand for dollars from foreign banks led the spot rupee to close at a six-month low of 40.37/38 to a dollar on Monday. ...
Ahmed Khizer Khan, chief executive officer, emerging markets, Barclays global retail and commercial banking, describes ...
The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporations (HSBC) Indian branches have posted a 34 per cent increase in profit to $529 ...
Public sector general insurance companies are pressing hard for a quicker disposal of third party motor insurance claims, which ...
Bank of India (BoI) is planning to sell non-performing assets worth about Rs 250 crore to Asset Reconstruction Companies (ARCs) ...
While Budget 2008 has not mentioned anything about service tax on insurance commissions, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is ...
Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) bonds, a government instrument for meeting financial commitments, are likely to be issued to ...
Asian currencies fell, led by South Koreas won and the Indonesian rupiah, as losses in regional stocks prompted investors to ...
Irda move likely to give big push to infrastructure.

The mother of all loan waiver packages announced in the Budget on Friday will have limited impact on commercial banks.
This is ...
Global banking giant HSBC today said N R Narayana Murthy, chief mentor, Infosys Technologies, will join its board in May with an ...
Budget raises provision for market stabilisation bonds.

Liquidity: May easeThe pressure on liquidity is likely to ease as banks have already arranged funds for the advance ...
The Budget proposal providing an additional deduction of Rs 15,000 to an individual paying the medical insurance premium for his ...
ICICI Home Finance expects Kolkata to contribute in a big way to the residential financing market in the next 3 years.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today sought to allay apprehensions that the Rs 60,000 crore farmers' package will lead to ...
No repayment of interest on outstanding loans.

The Budget proposal to introduce exchange-traded currency and interest rate futures and a transparent credit derivatives market ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.754 billion to $294.610 billion for the week ended February 22, according to data released ...
FARM CREDIT Banks will get reimbursement of Rs 60,000 crore for the waiver over three years.

FINANCIAL INCLUSION Move to open 250 accounts each year in rural areas is set to bring the masses under the banking fold. ...
POSTAL ACCOUNT Tax relief for postal accounts will shore up sagging small savings mobilisation.

INSURANCE Service tax on unit-linked plans is a dampener for long-term savings market-led investments.

REVERSE MORTGAGE: Tax exemption on income will enable the old to cash in on property.

On expected lines
What do you think of the Budget this year?

HEALTH INSURANCE: Total deduction under Section 80D doubles to Rs 30,000.
INSURANCE: Ulip might get more expensive because of a service tax on asset management companies.

Large supplies of certificates of deposits (CD) continued today as banks issued fresh CDs to refinance outstanding CDs maturing ...
Traders book forward deals to benefit from bullish European currency.

The yen rose against 14 of the 16 most-active currencies as Asian stocks fell for the first time this week, encouraging investors ...
The Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram will be a genius if his budgetary proposals, to be announced in Parliament tomorrow, ...
LIC's lapsation ratio is 25%, while it is 40% for private insurers.

ICICI Bank UK, a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Bank, has opened a branch in Frankfurt.
This will give the bank access to the ...
May close branches, bank relocates ATMs.

Kumbakonam-based private sector City Union Bank (CUB) is planning to open 40 branches across the country and start a portfolio ...
ING Vysya Life launched its unit-linked product, ING Guaranteed Growth Plan, in the state on Wednesday.
The Union Budget is likely to announce tax sops for Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) to bring them on par with mutual funds, ...
Curbs rupee appreciation, rolls over forward deals.
The yuan rose, snapping a three-day loss, as the dollar fell and on speculation China will accelerate the pace of its currencys ...
The Federal Reserve has been cutting interest rates aggressively since September, a total of 225 basis points in less than five ...
Product aided by satellite to enable accurate yield assessment.
Asset financing non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) have asked the finance ministry to extend income tax benefits to them from ...
Public sector Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) has submitted a proposal to the government to revamp its capital ...
Nation second largest contributor to UK bank's global operating profit.
The yen rose against 12 of the 16 most active currencies as Asian stocks pared gains, encouraging investors to reduce holdings of ...
The Nadar Mahajana Bank Share Investors Forum, which holds a majority stake in Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB), ...
Regulator detects suspicious transactions of Punjab firm.
Public sector Corporation Bank has entered into an agreement with Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL), an ONGC ...
HDFC Bank on Monday approved the acquisition of Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) for Rs 9,510 crore in the largest merger in the ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) was focusing on micro-finance operations in the eastern region and was looking ...
1;29 swap ratio fixed; scrip prices fall on BSE.

The yen fell against all 16 most active currencies as gains in stocks and commodities spurred traders to buy higher-yielding ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector bank in the country, is all set to absorb Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP), the new ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the countrys third largest lender, today followed its peers to lower its benchmark rate, giving in ...
Punjab National Bank has reduced the benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points (bps) from the existing level of 13% ...
The two-day strike of public sector banks throughout the country has been called off following an agreement between the banks and ...
Liquidity: Costly global borrowingsLiquidity will continue to be tight both in the foreign exchange and money markets. ...
Life insurance agents are likely to be exempted from payment of service tax if their total annual commission income does not ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed public sector banks to set up specialised branches for small and medium enterprises ...
The boards of directors of HDFC Bank and Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) today separately gave their in-principle approvals for ...
The boards of directors of HDFC Bank and Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) today separately gave their in-principle approvals for ...
Mumbai-based Axis Bank is betting big on treasury operations to boost its income.
The income
from treasury operations would touch ...
Employee unions of 28 public sector banks, on Friday, decided to go ahead with the proposed two-day strike from February 25 and ...
Employee unions of 28 public sector banks, on Friday, decided to go ahead with the proposed two-day strike from February 25 and ...
HDFC Bank, Indias third largest bank, is all set to buy Centurion Bank of Punjab in an all-stock deal.

Heavy buying of dollars by major foreign banks such as HSBC and Standard Chartered Bank for their custodian clients (FIIs) led ...
The rapidly growing banking, financial and services industry (BFSI) sector in India is expected to create about a million jobs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to step up efforts for financial inclusion to cover underbanked areas and ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has reduced its prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points to 12.75% to stimulate credit demand.
The new ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $2.048 billion to $292.856 billion for the week ended February 15, according to data released ...
HDFC Bank, Indias third largest bank, is all set to buy Centurion Bank of Punjab in an all-stock deal.

Public sector banks have sought deduction for provisioning for bad asset according to the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBIs) ...
Five years ago, President George W Bush was looking for someone to sell his tax cut to the American people.
He selected John Snow ...
There comes a time in every business cycle when things look glum and the future even glummer.
The yen rose against the dollar, reversing a decline, and pared losses against the euro.
The yen advanced to 108.03 per dollar by ...
Banking regulator Reserve Bank of India is sitting tight on branch authorisation applications of foreign banks that have strong ...
Lender will offload medium-term notes, set up Bahrain branch.

The imbroglio between government, banks and employee unions over the merger of public sector banks (PSBs) and associate banks is ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Vijaya Bank have begun the process of exiting their joint ventures (JVs) with the US-based ...
Faced with opposition from the Reserve Bank of India, the government today decided to subscribe to the State Bank of Indias ...
Even as talks of multinational captives closing operations in India are making the rounds, Deutsche Bank is planning to expand ...
Faced with opposition from Reserve Bank of India, the government today decided to subscribe to the rights issue of State Bank of ...
In a concerted move, four public sector banks today cut their benchmark prime lending rates (PLRs). State Bank of India (SBI), ...
BoI, Union Bank follow, earnings to be impacted.
Signs MoU to take over Manekchowk Co-op.
Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) is looking towards setting up mobile banking villages.
The concept envisages conducting banking ...
The yen fell for a seventh day against the euro and weakened versus the dollar.
The Japanese currency declined 0.1 per cent to ...
Metlife India Insurance has announced that it is increasing its paid-up capital by Rs 350 crore to Rs 1,230 crore to support the ...
Move aimed at easing liquidity crunch during fnancial year-end.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram has directed the Indian Bank Association (IBA) to resolve ongoing issues faced by bank employees ...
Cheque Truncation Solution is a big milestone in the Indian banking industry.
It enables cheque clearing on the same day, ...
A strong demand for dollars from importers and a lack of fresh inflow into the market led the spot rupee to breach the crucial ...
Standard & Poors has got an approval from Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in ...
Conceding the long-pending demand from around 11 lakh agents, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has revised the ...
After developing bancassurance channels, which banks use to sell insurance products, the latest buzzword among insurance ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a restricted banking licence to American Express Bank (Amex) to conduct credit card ...
Demand for dollars from importers and lack of fresh inflows saw the spot rupee breach the crucial barrier of 40 per dollar, and ...
The banking regulator has rejected proposals by four banks  Bank of India, IndusInd Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank and HDFC Bank  to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has turned down IndusInd Banks proposal to pay its new managing director and CEO Romesh Sobti, a ...
Rejects proposals by Bank of India, IndusInd, Kotak Mahindra and HDFC.

Thousands of people from rural areas across 12 states are likely to get their social security pension and wages paid under the ...
Five senior bankers have been shortlisted to head as many public sector banks, four of which are listed and one is likely to list ...
Most policies attached to co-branded cards to lure customers.

Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (IRDA) has warned insurers not to issue policies without receiving the proposal ...
Application of Singapore-based DBS in advanced stage.
Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) is planning to launch Internet and mobile banking from April 2008, as part of its ...
The Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB), the largest cooperative bank in Andhra Pradesh, is in the process of taking over the ...
Chinas yuan led gains among Asian currencies on increased pressure for the government to widen the band in which the currency is ...
Customers of one bank will be allowed free use of ATMs of other banks from April 1, 2009.
Customers will soon be able to walk ...
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has entered into a joint venture (JV) with a private financial company to start a new ...
The Reserve Bank of India has given the green light to Swiss banking entity UBS to open a commercial banking branch in India ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is likely to cut lending rates soon.
"We are considering a rate cut very seriously," Anil Khandelwal, ...
Recognising the potential in the broking space, state-run Canara Bank is mulling a foray in the sector while State Bank of India ...
Indiabulls has received the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) nod to start non-banking financial services (NBFC) business.

The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has clarified that only the premium collected for providing health ...
Corporation Bank has installed a new coin vending machine at its Car Street Branch at Mangalore.

The insurance sector has demanded a hike in foreign direct investment (FDI) limit from the present 26% to 49% and exemption of ...
State Bank of India's subsidiary SBI Capital Markets plans to set up a $100 million (about Rs 400 crore) venture capital (VC) ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $1.864 billion to $290.808 billion for the week ended February 8, according to data released ...
Largest lender likely to lose Rs 600 cr interest income in FY09.

The yen fell against the euro as stocks around the world rose, restoring appetite for higher- yielding assets purchased with ...
Punjab National Bank aims to expand its base in northern India to provide banking facilities at the doorsteps of people as it ...
Regulator wants inflation, interest rates to fall before easing curbs.

Foreign inflows into debt markets would continue to be controlled till wedges on account of higher inflation and interest rates ...
SBI Life's South 2 Region, which includes Andhra Pradesh and Orissa, posted a two-fold growth in its business premium collection ...
India may not be in a position to loosen its fiscal policy to ight the possible economic downturn, as medium-term fiscal ...
The Reserve Bank of India has raised several concerns over the governments proposal to use the existing infrastructure of stock ...
Indbank Merchant Banking Services (Indbank), a subsidiary of public sector Indian Bank, opened its first 'trading cafe' for stock ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance company is targeting a new business premium of Rs 2000 crore for the year ending March 31, 2008.

Finalises sale of Rs 188 crore bad assets before end of FY08.
Thrissur-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) has registered a 140 per cent increase in net profit for the nine months ended December ...
The yen rose against all but two of the 16 most-active currencies as stock markets in Europe fell, prompting investors to reduce ...
Business process outsourcing (BPO) companies such as Infosys BPO, Patnis BPO arm, EXL Services and Genpact are increasing their ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday prodded public sector banks to lend more to housing and consumer durables borrowers at ...
Private sector lender HDFC Bank has signed a $7.4 million, three-year strategic enterprise agreement with Symantec for IT ...
Reliance Money today launched its financial services in the United Arab Emirates by tying up with the Dubai International ...
The yen rose against 12 of the worlds 16 most-active currencies as widening credit-market losses spurred investors to reduce ...
First south India-based agency plans to rate loans of public sector banks.
With an eye on growing business opportunities for corporate banking and trade finance in India, Switzerland-based banks have ...
The 2nd largest Russian lender plans $100 mn investment in '09.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today prodded public sector banks to lend more to housing and consumer durable borrowers at ...
Looking to create a customer base of over 1 lakh in the Middle-East, Anil Ambani Group's financial products distribution arm ...
India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFCL) is expected to get $250 million from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) by the end of the ...
Two of the country's largest banks, State Bank of India (SBI) and Canara Bank, today cut their benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) ...
The government today conducted interviews for the post of chairman and managing director of public sector banks, in which 11 ...
State Bank of India has received government approval to allot shares to its staff under employees stock purchase scheme at Rs ...
The default rates of debt issuers have declined over the past 8 years (2000-2007) compared with those considered for the period ...
The global slowdown will impact economies, including emerging markets such as India and China, in varying degrees due to complex ...
To shed 68% staff by offering relief up to Rs 15 lakh, offer open till Feb 29.
The yen rose against all but one of the 16 most active currencies as a decline in Asian and European stocks prompted investors to ...
When Glenn Stevens, governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia, flew to London in January, he noticed a striking difference in ...
High-profile foreign investment banks operating in India and domestic stock broking companies managing portfolios of high ...
Two of the country's largest banks, State Bank of India (SBI) and Canara Bank, today cut their benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) ...
Praising India for its macroeconomic policy and structural reforms, International Monetary Fund today said the country will grow ...
IFCI has decided to offer voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) to employees.IFCI is planning to reduce manpower, mostly ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is likely to cut lending rate by 25 basis points for select consumer loans.S A Bhat, chairman, ...
Awareness about insurance is quite high in India, yet less than three out of 10 households in the country have opted for some ...
IFFCO-Tokio General Insurance Company (ITGI) is likely to see its premium income dropping to Rs 1,100 crore by the end of this ...
Both the life and non-life insurers, along with the two standalone health insurance companies, have upped their ante to grab the ...
Bank of India (BoI) plans to use the capital it recently raised through qualified institutional placement (QIP) for funding ...
Plans to separate commodities to let BNP Paribas buy stake in financial firm.

Kotak Life Insurance (KLI) will open 100 more branches on a pan-India basis, taking the total network of branches to 210 by March ...
SBI Life Insurance Company is planning to open 15-20 new branches in the northern region, besides doubling the number of ...
Union Minister for Small and Medium Industries Mahavir Prasad has asked the bankers to provide maximum credit facility to the ...
Banks raising one-year deposits at 9.75% to meet MF, pension fund redemptions.
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) denial of permission to Swiss bank UBS to acquire Standard Chartered Asset Management Company ...
India's foreign-exchange reserves rose $4.36 billion to a record $292.7 billion in the week ended February 1, the central bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not in favour of the government subscribing to State Bank of Indias rights issue through ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $4.356 billion to $292.672 billion for the week ended February 1, according to data released ...
The rights issue of shares of State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, to raise Rs 16,736 crore is likely to open ...
Rakesh Mohan, deputy governor, Reserve Bank of India, said inflation had been contained and the growth of investment in the ...
Two days after the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) launched Health Plus, its unit-linked health insurance policy ( ...
The Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Commission (MRTPC) had sent a letter to about half a dozen banks last month, ...
PNB Housing Finance, a subsidiary of Punjab National Bank, today reduced home loan rates by 50 basis points for new borrowers.

Liquidity: In surplusThe market is flush with liquidity and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) absorbed around Rs ...
Soon after public sector lenders like Canara Bank and Allahabad Bank reduced home loan rates, PNB Housing Finance (PNBHF), a ...
Vijaya Bank expects to close the year
with a net profit of Rs 450 crore compared with Rs 331 crore in the last financial year.

ICICI Bank is still awaiting Reserve Bank of Indias final norms on bank holding companies, said Managing Director and Chief ...
Its a fraud on existing retail borrowers when banks lower the rates only for new customers, admits the retail head of a ...
Udupi-based Syndicate Bank has shelved its plan for a follow-on public issue of 80 million equity shares and will be going for a ...
Glitnir, the Northern European bank headquartered in Iceland, will be filing an application with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Move follows complaints by companies; total losses estimated at over Rs 1,000 cr.

Credit rating agency Crisil has announced that it has reached a preliminary understanding with Equifax Inc of the US, and Tata ...
The yen fell against 14 of the 16 most-active currencies after the Reserve Bank of Australia raised interest rates, increasing ...
The public sector and regional rural banks should open 250 new accounts every year per branch to provide credit and banking ...
Trading in Indias government bonds rose to a record last month as demand for debt increased on speculation that policy makers ...
The aggregate net profit of banks during the quarter ended December 31, 2007, has registered a 41.5% growth largely due to lower ...
Plans database of mortgaged properties.

Canara Bank, Corporation Bank, Allahabad Bank leave PLRs unchanged; ICICI to review rates in FY09.

Thiruvananthapuram-headquartered State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has received approval from the Central Bank of UAE to open a ...
SKS Microfinance, a non-banking financial company based out of Hyderabad, has entered into strategic tie ups with IT firms ...
Public sector banks Canara Bank, Corporation Bank and Allahabad Bank have decided to lower interest rates on housing loans, ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector lender, today kept its cards close to the chest on the possibility of an ...
Looking to derive strength from their huge customer base and branch network, two PSU lenders - Canara Bank and Oriental Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter point to an 11-year high saying a significant ...
Check the amount of losses due to the subprime crisis for big guns of the financial sector.
And remember.... its just the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India, Visakhapatnam division, is aiming for a 30 per cent growth in its first premium collection ...
The yen fell against all but one of 16 of the most-active currencies as European stocks rose and Asias benchmark equity index ...
ING Vysya Life, part of the ING group, has plans to tie up with e-suvidha for the payment mode of its renewable premium payments ...
Health Plus to qualify for income tax benefits under Section 80D.

Indian Banks Association (IBA), the representative body of banking industry, is busy drafting a business plan to create ...
Keeps low-risk priority lending with itself, leaves big financing to arm.

Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is looking to mop up Rs 750 crore by the end of this fiscal, from Eastern region ...
ICICI Bank was looking at growing by 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis in its small and medium enterprises (SME) customers ...
LIC launched Health Plus, a long-term unit-linked health insurance product on Monday.
This marks the insurance behemoth's foray ...
Canara Bank has introduced a new retail lending product, Canara Jeevan, a reverse mortgage loan scheme for senior citizens.

With only two months for the fiscal to end, the Mysore division of Life Insurance Corporation has achieved a 55 per cent in the ...
Regulator realigns investment ambit with RBI norms.

Kotak Mahindra Bank may get more than a 51 per cent stake in the Ahmedabad Commodity Exchange (ACX). ACX
has chalked out a Rs 50 ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) might effect a lending rate cut in some segments next week, according to Chairman ...
GE Money India is looking for a strategic partner to drive scale just as it did with the State Bank of India (SBI) for its card ...
Under its Industry-Academia Partnership programme, ICICI Bank is in discussions with three leading universities of the West ...
ICICI Bank was looking at growing by 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis in its small and medium enterprises (SME) customers ...
Public sector lender Bank of Maharashtra might effect a lending rate cut in some segments next week."We might effect an ...
Public sector lender Syndicate Bank plans to come out with its second follow-on public offer (FPO) in three-six months to fund ...
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has set a revenue target of Rs 10,000 crore from its overseas expansion, slated to take ...
Insurance has become the proverbial goose laying golden eggs for public sector banks which are foraying into the sector in a big ...
ICICI Bank has shelved plans to divest stake in a holding company that was to be created for its insurance and mutual fund ...
Will seek board nod on Feb 5; Corp Bank may follow suit.
The yen fell against 11 of the 16 most-active currencies as a rally in Asian stocks encouraged investors to buy higher-yielding ...
In addition to all the mundane matters the US Federal Reserve considers at its regular meetings  economic growth and inflation, ...
The Indian banks, along with the Chinese counterparts, with significant exposure to the realty and home mortgage segments are ...
Inflation pressure compels central bank to lay stress on stability, says Vijay Kelkar.

Crisil has placed its ratings on the debt programmes of GE Money Financial Services Ltd (GEMFSL) and GE Money Housing Finance ...
City Union Bank (CUB) posted 83.12 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 25.38 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007, ...
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation Limited (DHFL) has registered a 69 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended December ...
Following a robust growth in fee income, Jammu & Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) has reported a 30 per cent rise in net profit ...
Due to pressure on its net interest income, United Bank of India posted only a marginal rise of 7.08 per cent in net profit to Rs ...
Mangalore-based private sector Karnataka Bank Limited today reported 28.11 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 69.03 crore during ...
HDFC, the largest mortgage lender, has taken the lead in cutting home loan rates.
HDFC has cut its retail prime lending rate ...
Bank customers can buy movie, airline tickets using mobile phones.
The bird flu in West Bengal has brought to surface the low penetration of poultry insurance in the eastern part of the country.
Andhra Bank reported a 16.69 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 159.02 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2007, compared ...
IndusInd Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 25.04 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2007, compared with Rs 21.63 crore in ...
The news is still being digested almost a week later: Venerable French bank Societe Generale lost 4.9 billion euros ($7.2 ...
The yen rose against all 16 of the most-active currencies as credit-market losses spurred investors to cut holdings of ...
Public sector Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today posted 24 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 308.18 crore for the third quarter ...
Bank of Baroda has posted a 52.2 per cent growth in net profit for the third quarter ended December 2007 at Rs 501.5 crore on ...
Hit by high cost deposits, Oriental Bank of Commerces (OBC) net profit dipped by 24 per cent to Rs 138 crore for the third ...
Firm also finalises Travelers as partner to form non-life insurance company.

At a time when managing capital flows is becoming a challenge for the authorities, the government is expecting to add $100 ...
Government announced that it would strengthen 27 Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) spread across 15 states by infusing fresh capital ...
Andhra Bank posted a net profit of Rs 159.02 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2007 when compared with Rs 136.27 ...
IndusInd Bank today announced a 15.76% increase in net profit at Rs 25.04 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2007 as ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today reported  24.88% increase in net profit at Rs 308.18 crore for the quarter ended December ...
Bank of Baroda today reported a 52.23% increase in net profit at Rs 501.05 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2007 ...
Banks are expected to review their deposit and lending rates in April on prodding by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) even as the ...
RBI Governor Y V Reddy explained the actions taken in the third quarterly monetary policy review at a media briefing on ...
RBI maintained the status quo in terms of policy direction and highlighted growth moderation in certain industrial sectors, ...
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) has reported 77 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 46.43 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2007, ...
Manipal-based public sector Syndicate Bank today reported 21 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 273.20 crore for the third ...
Bankers meeting at the Swiss ski resort of Davos said there are increasing risks of a global recession, while manufacturers ...
Interest rates on home loans are expected to remain stable despite Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sending clear signals to banks in ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today reiterated its view that ensuringfinancial stability can, under certain circumstances, ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has reiterated its warning about the dangers of inflation to the economy.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today maintained its growth projection for gross domestic product (GDP) at 8.5% for FY08 - assuming ...
Syndicate Bank today announced a 20.81% increase in net profit at Rs 273.19 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2007 when ...
According to sources in the Finance Ministry, the Union Cabinet, undeterred by a countrywide strike last Friday, is likely to ...
Rise in retail prices of fuels could raise inflation from below 4%.In an indication that it may hold back a policy rate ...
In a double whammy for two-wheeler makers, whose sales fell nearly 8 per cent in April-December last year, leading financiers ...
Rise in retail prices of fuels could raise inflation from below 4%.
Index for the quarter ended March 2008 declines by 4.7%.
The yen and the Swiss franc strengthened as global stocks slumped, prompting investors to sell higher-yielding assets funded with ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has earned the highest premium paid by any foreign partner for a tie-up to enter ...
Rising interest rates have hit banks consumer finance business, particularly the housing loan segment.
In the unsecured loan ...
Its the right time to beard the bear in its den.
Even as the stock market is limping back to normalcy after last weeks carnage, ...
The arm will cater to the needs of Indian diaspora in Auckland.

BNP Paribas, a major European banking group, has infused 100 million euros (about Rs 570 crore) by way of fresh equity in its ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) has approved the sale of 26% stake in HDFC General Insurance Company to ...
Societe Generale SA (SocGen) said trader Jerome Kerviel built up positions in European stock index futures of 50 billion euros ...
Pune-based co-operative bank, Cosmos, has joined hands with PayMate to provide mobile payment facility to all its customers.
With ...
Anil Ambani groups Reliance Life Insurance today said it sees significant growth potential in rural market and has already ...
The banking regulator, Reserve Bank of India, has asked non banking finance companies (NBFC) to obtain its prior approval for ...
Reserve Bank of India may keep interest rates unchanged in the monetary policy to be announced on Tuesday.

ICICI Prudential Life insurance Company is looking for more tie-ups with NBFCs (non-banking financial companies) to increase its ...
To help attain bankers the Herculean task of attaining 100 per cent financial inclusion, State Bank of India (SBI) will soon lead ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance of the ING Group plans to expand in the north and central parts of the country as part of its plans for ...
Kolkata-based Magma Shrachi Finance Limited has reported 63.2 per cent rise in its operating profit at Rs 24.34 crore for the ...
In a massive expansion drive, HDFC Bank is targeting over 1,000 branches by the end of this fiscal, a move that could help it ...
Federal Bank today reported a 22.75 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 102.92 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2007 as ...
ING Vysya Bank has posted a 198.33 per cent rise in third quarter net profit at Rs 42.75 crore from Rs 14.33 crore in the ...
Leading stock broking house Kotak Securities has announced the launch of an innovative product to capitalize on the returns ...
UCO Bank today reported a 32.67 per cent decline in its net profit at Rs 82.78 crore for the third quarter ending December 31, ...
Over nine lakh employees participated in the nationwide agitation.
ING Vysya Bank today reported a 198.53% increase in net profit of Rs 42.75 crore for third quarter ended December 31, 2007 as ...
Federal Bank today reported a 22.51% growth in net profit at Rs 102.92 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2007 as against ...
Employees of nationalised banks today went on a day-long nationwide strike to oppose the proposed merger of associate banks with ...
State Bank of India today announced a 69.81 per cent rise in third quarter profit at Rs 1,808.64 crore, as against Rs 1,065.06 ...
National Housing Bank (NHB) is partnering US-based AIG United Guarantee, Asian Development Bank (ADB) and International Finance ...
Central Bank of India has posted a 49.9 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ended December 2007 at Rs 201.01 crore ...
Robust recovery in bad loans and higher interest income helped state-run Punjab National Bank record a 26 per cent increase in ...
SBI Life Insurance Company has wiped out its accumulated losses of Rs 33 crore and has posted a net profit of Rs 23.6 crore for ...
The emergency cut in the overnight rate by the US Federal Reserve has triggered widespread expectations of an easing of monetary ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sought data from non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) on their investments and financing ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today reported a 56% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 2,383.66 crore for the third quarter ...
Punjab National Bank today reported a 26% rise in net profit at Rs 541.46 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007 ...
Central Bank of India today reported a 49.9% rise in net profit at Rs 201.01 crore for the third quarter ended December 2007 when ...
Canara Bank's open offer for its subsidiary CanFin Homes has failed to get the targetted response from the ...
Move has coincided with the opening of the Rel Power IPO.
Max New York Life Insurance is planning to launch health and pension products by June this year.
It also intends to have ...
In line with Finance Minister P Chidambaram's directive to ensure housing to the lower classes, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Shriram Transport Finance has reported a net profit of Rs 107.10 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007, as against ...
Union Bank of India posted a robust 42.58 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007, at Rs 365 ...
Bank of Rajasthan today posted a 112 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 42.15 crore in the quarter ended December 2007 as ...
Bangalore-based public sector Canara Bank today reported a 26.4 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 459 crore during the third ...
Bank of Maharashtra has reported a 35.06 per cent growth its third quarter net profit at Rs 100.38 crore compared with Rs 74.32 ...
Bangiya Gramin Vikash Bank (BGVB), the largest regional rural bank (RRB) of West Bengal, is likely to have a positive net worth ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, has dropped plans to take up the issue of merging the associate banks ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, has bought a 91 per cent stake in Global Trade Finance (GTF), a factoring ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank has opened its first representative office in Abu Dhabi, which is expected to boost trade-related ...
Dena Bank posted a net profit of Rs 101.07 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007, up 43.30%, compared to net profit ...
Bangalore-based Canara Bank has posted 26.4% rise in net profit at Rs 458.83 crore for the third quarter (Q3) ended December 31, ...
The Union Bank of India has posted 42.7% rise in net profit for the third quarter ended December 2007 at Rs 365.02 crore when ...
State Bank of India (SBI) plans to set up 1,100 new ATMs in the Bengal circle in the next two years out of which 36 ATMs will ...
Kotak Life Insurance is in the process of expanding its presence in Gujarat by setting up 15 more branches across the state.

North Block's advice: Support brokers to avoid payment default.
Vijaya Bank plans to open 42 new branches, in addition to the current 1008 branches, before the end of this financial year.

Mangalore-based public sector Corporation Bank today reported a 30 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 190.90 crore for the ...
Chinas yuan traded near the highest since a dollar peg was scrapped in 2005 on speculation the central bank will use the ...
Bangalore-based public sector Vijaya Bank today reported a 36.82 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 126.88 crore during the third ...
The improvement in interest margins, sale of equity, recoveries and commissions helped Bank of India (BoI)to post a 101 per cent ...
Punjab National Bank, one of the countrys largest banks, is mulling an exit from joint ventures with Principal Financial Group ...
Corporation Bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at Rs 190.90 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007 ...
Bank of India today reported a 100% increase in net profit at Rs 511.89 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007 when ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank today reported a 36.82% increase in net at Rs 126.88 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Buy stocks worth Rs 1,500 cr in last 6 days.

The net profit of the Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) increased by 44 per cent to Rs 48.3 crore in the quarter ended December 31, ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank posted a 123 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 101.6 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2007 from Rs ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy today kindled hopes of softer interest rates in the country, saying the monetary and ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector bank in the country, posted a 45.2 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 429.36 ...
Says FinMin is reviewing FDI, portfolio investments by FIIs in realty sector.
Y V Reddy, Governor, Reserve Bank of India, today said that though global financial uncertainties were not entirely ...
HDFC Bank reported a 45.23% increase in net profit at Rs 429.3 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007 when compared ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 114.5% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 363.7 crore for the quarter ended December ...
In a private equity (PE) deal, the State Bank of India (SBI), the largest public sector bank of the country, has picked up 7.79 ...
The investment in gilt funds may go up from 5% to 10-15%.
The Reserve Bank is likely to keep interest rates stable in its monetary policy review later this month in view of the impending ...
ICICI Bank, Indias largest private sector bank, today reported a 35 per cent increase in its net profit to Rs 1,230 crore in the ...
ICICI Bank, Indias largest private sector bank, today reported a 35 per cent increase in its net profit to Rs 1,230 crore in the ...
The interbank call rate shot up to a high of 60 per cent intra-day following a technical delay in payment clearances in the real ...
Strong recovery of bad debts fuelled Industrial Finance Corporation of Indias (IFCI) net profit by 146 per cent to Rs 318.94 ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has recorded an 82.54 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 648.93 crore for the third ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $5.474 billion to $281.729 billion for the week ended January 11, according to data released ...
Deals in the non banking financial company (NBFC) space is gathering space in the new year.
An arm of the government of Singapore ...
Pragnya, a Mauritius-based private equity fund focussed on the real estate market in India, plans to launch its $150-million ...
The yuan snapped a four-day advance on speculation Chinas central bank is seeking to foster two-way movement in the currency to ...
Citigroup, apart from grappling with the write-offs and losses in its consumer banking business in the US, will also have to get ...
The amalgamation of State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) with its parent bank, the State Bank of India (SBI), looks more feasible now, ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) reported a 36.72 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 135.19 crore for the third quarter ended ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) has posted 38.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 175.8 crore in the third ...
They see no reason to hike rates as there is enough liquidity in the system.
It's yet another instance of foreign interest in a life insurance company crossing 26 per cent  the foreign direct investment ...
The Bangalore-based State Bank of Mysore (SBM) has registered a growth of 29.04 per cent in net profit at Rs 70.90 crore for the ...
LIC Housing Finance registered a 38 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 106.02 crore in the third quarter ended December 2007 ...
Riding on robust interest income, Allahabad Bank has reported a 27.58 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 365.05 crore for the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), India's largest life insurance company, today said it plans to consolidate its real ...
Life Insurance Council, the industry body of life insurance companies in India, in its pre-budget memorandum to the Union finance ...
Stanchart's plan for 100 rural branches stuck.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the country's largest life insurance firm, today said it plans to consolidate its real ...
Allahabad Bank today reported a 28% increase in net profit at Rs 365.05 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007 when ...
A section of employees of the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) have proposed to strike work on January 25, ...
Citigroup Inc posted the biggest loss in the U.S. banks 196-year history as surging defaults on home loans forced it to write ...
Axis Bank-promoted Axis Private Equity plans to raise an additional $500 million as it sees an increasing opportunity in the ...
DSP Merill Lynch managing director Monish Mahurkar gives his take on the present Indian debt market and its future course ...
Despite increasing loan disbursements in the last three financial years, the number of farmers who were financed by banks have ...
Tata AIG Life Insurance Company is looking to maintain triple-digit growth rate it achieved in the last seven months and thereby ...
The life insurance sector is expected to grow by around 30 per cent in this financial year.
It had witnessed a growth of 95 per ...
ICICI Venture, the largest domestic private equity fund in the country, has roped in a foreign strategic healthcare investor in ...
The dollar fell for a fourth day against the yen as speculation US retailers failed to boost sales last month increased chances ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, in an attempt to tap a larger chunk of the mass affluent and high net ...
Citigroup Inc posted the biggest loss in the bank's 196-year history as defaults on home loans forced it to write down the value ...
The board of State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, today approved a 1:5 rights issue at a 35.42 per cent ...
Vijaya Bank has surpassed the small-size stage to become a mid-sized PSU bank, CMD Prakash P Mallya said.

May tap market next year for capital.
The yuan rose to the highest since a dollar peg was scrapped in 2005 as China pledged to extend efforts to slow the export-led ...
GCI will act as an investment banker to MFIs.
ICICI Bank, the countrys biggest private lender, expects overseas business to account for at least one-fourth of its balance ...
The Thiruvananthapuram-headquartered State Bank of Travancore (SBT) posted a net profit of Rs 236.91 crore for the nine months ...
NBFCs beat banks with attractive commercial paper, NCD offers.
Punjab National Bank plans to spend about Rs 8,000 crore on technology in five years.
Also, by the next fiscal year, the bank ...
The board of State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, today approved a 1:5 rights issue at a 35.42 per cent ...
The board of directors of Dhanalakshmi Bank today approved a proposal for a rights issue to raise an aggregate of Rs 198.76 ...
National Housing Bank will be refinancing the banks and housing finance companies (HFCs) to extend reverse mortgage loans to ...
Banks propose to seek clarity from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on the risk weights that should apply for reverse mortgage ...
Liquidity: High comfort levels Liquidity continues to remain comfortable although the Reserve Bank of India announced ...
Lower rates will be applicable to new as well as existing floating-rate clients.
Private life insurance companies are mulling the idea of venturing into health insurance sector by designing comprehensive, ...
Foreign investment in the Jammu and Kashmir Bank has touched 37 per cent, an all time high.
Sun Microsystems India will implement a comprehensive core banking solution (CBS) for Thrissur-based Catholic Syrian Bank to help ...
Home loan consumers in India may get some good news in the months to come with country's biggest private lender ICICI Bank saying ...
Temasek Holdings and the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC) have requested the government to consider them as ...
The Insurance Regulatory Authority of India (Irda) is planning credit rating for insurance companies.
Indian Bank today reported a 61% increase in net profit at Rs 307.50 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2007 when ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $696 million to $276.255 billion for the week ended January 4, according to data released by ...
The Reserve Bank of India is examining the government securities portfolio of both primary dealers and banks, triggered by ...
The Indian arm of MetLife Insurance plans to target the NRIs in Gujarat.
Since a number of NRIs in Charotar and the Kutch region ...
The country's leading housing finance company HDFC's chairman Deepak Parekh today said he expects the interest rates to soften by ...
The government is planning a new regulatory regime for foreign sovereign wealth funds operating in India.

Citibank India today announced that it would establish a Japanese desk in New Delhi, beginning January 2008.

Foreign banks operating in India want the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to prepare a vision document on policy changes they can ...
The yen rose against 15 of the 16 most-active currencies as a decline in Asian stocks spurred investors to cut overseas holdings ...
State-owned Export Credit Guarantee Corporation (ECGC) of India plans to provide reinsurance support to exports from India for ...
The Federal Reserve is working hard to communicate more frequently and clearly with the markets.
Too bad, it has so little to ...
The countrys two largest banks, State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank, which had earlier expressed interest to launch full ...
SBI Life Insurance is expecting to raise an additional Rs 200-250 crore by the end of the current fiscal.This was ...
Liquidity is expected to remain comfortable in the quarter ended March 2008 as banks have substantial resources (deposits and ...
The Reserve Bank of India said banks are cornering customer surplus by charging high fees on inter-bank ATM transactions ...
Chinas yuan rose to the highest since a dollar peg was scrapped in 2005 before a report that economists say will show the ...
The Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has posted a growth of 63.93 per cent in net profit for the third quarter of fiscal ...
State Bank of India has recorded an increase of Rs 490 crore in agriculture gold loans to Rs 2,279 crore in the first six months ...
Axis Banks net profit rose by 66 per cent to Rs 306.83 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2007 as against Rs 184.61 crore ...
Liquidity: Comfort zoneThe liquidity continued to remain comfortable due to government expenditure and RBI ...
The securities arm will be the first of the lot.
Indian life insurance companies are rapidly catching up with the money power of foreign institutional investors (FIIs).
The Reserve Bank of India today said the banks are "cornering" customer surplus by charging high fees on inter-bank ATM ...
Looking to unlock shareholder value across the group, ICICI Bank will list at least four subsidiaries, and the process could ...
Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) today reported a 63.93% increase in net profit at Rs 40.72 crore for the third quarter ended ...
Axis Bank today reported 66.2% surge in net profit for the third quarter ended December 2007 at Rs 306.83 crore when compared ...
ICRA and State Bank of Mysore (SBM) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) under which ICRA will assign ratings to the ...
Hospitality and leisure major Mahindra Holidays & Resorts (MHRIL), part of $4 billion Mahindra group, has signed a pre-IPO ...
The yen declined against all the 16 most active currencies on speculation that Bank of Japan Governor Toshihiko Fukui will signal ...
Every time a piece of weak economic news coincides with a new high in oil and gold prices, we read the next day the Federal ...
Lenders prefer syndicated loans over bonds to avoid provisioning.

The public sector Indian Bank is gearing to lure high net worth individuals (HNIs) and new generation users by aggressively ...
Lenders have to make provision for new risks to meet Basel-II norms from April.
The increase in exposure to high risk customers (like credit cards) and upward march of interest rates have dented the quality of ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company on Tuesday announced a strategic partnership with Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB). ...
Allahabad bank inaugurated a training institute for the farmers and the entrepreneurs at near Debra at East Midnapore, to help ...
Saraswat Cooperative Bank, the countrys largest multi-state cooperative bank, is planning to open five new branches.

State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank have extended their limited period festival offers, providing lower interest rates on ...
Steady recovery of loans set to boost revenue by 18 per cent, profit by 22 to 30 per cent.

The yen fell against 15 of the worlds 16 most actively traded currencies as Japanese investors sent more money overseas in ...
Over the last decade, Asian reserve holdings have played a critical role in supporting the dollar and helping finance the current ...
The banking sector will have to wait for another two to three years to see a consolidation (mergers and acquisition) as the ...
The formulation of a foreign direct investment (FDI) policy on credit information bureaus (CIBs) has hit a roadblock due to ...
Current rules are not viable, lenders tell finance minister.
SBI, ICICI, BoB, BoI to book losses on credit derivatives.

Liquidity: May tightenLiquidity may not be as comfortable as it was last week.
Even if the foreign exchange inflow ...
The mandatory licensing requirement for Indian banks to open branches may be done away with.
The department of financial services ...
M D Mallya, chairman and managing director, Bank of Maharashtra (BoM), is likely to be the new chairman of Bank of Baroda ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $2.837 billion to $275.559 billion for the week ended December 28, according to data relased ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Friday advised public sector bank chairmen, who met him in New Delhi for a first-half review, ...
SBI's deposit rate hike sends 'confusing signals'.
The increase in overseas borrowing, and merger and acquisitions by Indian corporates in 2007 has been a tidy earning opportunity ...
The finance ministry would write to other ministries, urging them to ensure that public sector undertakings stop inviting bids ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank by assets, has raised the deposit rates by 25-175 basis points with effect ...
The Japanese yen traded near the strongest level in more than a month against the dollar as concern that the global economy will ...
Aviva Life Insurance has introduced three new fund options, index fund, enhancer fund and bond fund, in its products  ...
India tops borrowings in Asia, beats Hong Kong, Taiwan.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not in favour of encouraging capital outflows to combat surging inflows as it could have the ...
Bangalore-based Canara Bank, the third largest public sector bank, is planning to raise Rs 700 crore to augment its capital by ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank by assets, has raised deposit rates by 25-175 basis points with effect from ...
Long distance transfers of peons and sweepers in the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has created unrest among the ...
Strategic alliance between Oriental Bank of Commerce, Indian Bank, and Corporation Bank is not progressing as was envisaged, and ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has committed an investment of Rs 250 crore on information technology for the next financial year.

Corporation Bank informed the Bombay Stock Exchange on Tuesday that its total business had crossed Rs 83,000 crore in the ongoing ...
The yuan rose to the strongest since a peg to the dollar was scrapped in July 2005, after the central bank reiterated its pledge ...
Short-term interest rates fell substantially today following an improvement in the liquidity situation.

Insurance regulator calls for transparency to prevent misselling.
A when-issued (WI) market provides a platform whereby market participants can trade in government securities that have been ...
Rights issue to bring down promoters' stake by 2.33 per cent.
Public sector Indian Bank is set to provide more thrust to meet financial requirements of the urban poor formed as Self Help ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, a leading private sector life insurance firm, announced that it will be infusing fresh capital of ...
The net claims of overseas investors, including non-resident Indians (NRIs), on India, including debt and equity, rose by $15.50 ...
The New Year is likely to bring in good news for borrowers as interest rates on home and consumer loans could decline from the ...
Banks want their investments in company shares and debentures, loans and guarantees given to corporates as part of normal ...
Reliance Banking Fund, an open-ended scheme from Reliance Mutual, topped the returns chart in 2007 in the banking funds ...
Bajaj Allianz, ICICI Lombard in talks with American company to launch the product.
The general insurance industry grew 11.60 per cent this financial year till the end of November 2007, with robust performance by ...
Managing non-performing assets is likely to top agenda at the meeting of bankers with Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Friday.
The government has set up a high-powered committee to critically review the available estimates of domestic and national savings ...
Call rates end below 7 per cent; RBI fund infusion dips.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has finally cleared the long-pending transfer of Thailand-based Surachan Chawlas 38 per cent ...
The new year is likely to bring good news for borrowers as interest rates on home and consumer loans could decline from the ...
Rating innovative perpetual (tier-I) debt instruments and upper tier-II debt instruments poses an interesting predicament.

Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has sold 7.15 per cent of its stake in HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company to its ...
Offers professionals loyalty bonus to retain their services.
In a bid to boost its business, Kolkata-based UCO Bank is looking at the merger route by the end of this financial year.

The current account deficit in the quarter ended September 30, 2007 narrowed to $5.5 billion from $6.3 billion a year earlier. ...
In an effort to fight the growing competition and to attract new customers, Canara Bank on Saturday announced a new brand ...
Almost all general insurers violated the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authoritys (Irda) regulations on pricing of risks, ...
Vijaya Bank, celebrating its 1,000th branch opening in Bangalore on Saturday, introduced a new product  V-GenUth targeted at ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) Board of Directors has taken ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram has asked banks not to buckle under political pressure while issuing loans.

Close on the heels of the alleged money laundering by farm owner Hasan Ali Khan through Switzerland-based bank UBS, Europes ...
State Bank of Indias (SBIs) two-year-long wait to expand its operations in the United States is set to end with the New York ...
Deal stymied by RBI strictures on Swiss bank's deals with stud farm owner.

Foreign exchange reserves declined $232 million to $272.722 billion during the week ended December 21, according to data released ...
Standard Chartered has called off the sale of its asset management company business to UBS after the contract with UBS for the ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company has entered a strategic partnership with e-mitra, the e-governance initiative of the ...
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Co has entered into a agreement with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and CMC Ltd to revamp its ...
Bangalore-based Canara Bank has for the second time effected an upward revision in its offer price from Rs 63 to Rs 78 for each ...
The yuan rose the most since China ended its fixed-exchange rate to the dollar in 2005 as the government signaled faster gains to ...
Liquidity: In a tight cornerPrimary issuances were subdued today as most investors avoided big purchases due to tight ...
Amid the rush for bulk deposits in the first few months of 2007, some banks preferred to stay on the sidelines, choosing caution ...
State-run bank to mop up Rs 1,400 crore from MFs via QIP.
Citigroup Inc, the biggest US bank, may have to cut its dividend by 40 per cent to preserve capital after writing down more ...
Plans rollout of core banking platform to cover all branches.
Describing its choice as a vote for the future, a distinguished four-member jury selected State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman Om ...
The board of directors of Bank of India, which met today, approved a proposal to raise tier-I capital by issuing up to ...
Faced with a herculean task of achieving 100 per cent financial inclusion, the State Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) is planning ...
SKS Microfinance Private Limited is planning to disburse Rs 1,500 crore during this fiscal across 15 states in the country as ...
The yen traded near a seven-week low against the dollar on speculation the Bank of Japan will refrain from raising interest rates ...
Bank of India (BoI) will raise Rs 1,300-1,400 crore through qualified institutional placements by the end of January.

It was the first week of March 2007.
A top official at the Indian Banks Association (IBA) was having a discussion with the then ...
Large banks across the country might be crying foul on the recent suggestion of the Reserve Bank India (RBI) to do away with the ...
Domestic fund managers are positive about the prospects of the debt market in 2008 as they anticipate Indian interest rates to ...
Insurers leverage full pricing freedom for low-risk clients.

The rising rupee is forcing dollar-funded Indian IT start-ups to redraw their fund-raising plans.

State Bank of India plans to merge all the associate banks with itself by March 2009.
This step is to prepare the bank to face ...
Be it a stroke of luck or a jinx, the countrys oldest financial institution, IFCI, will remain single , thanks to all the failed ...
State Bank of India plans to merge all the associate banks with itself by March 2009.
This step is to position SBI group to be ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today suggested that customers of one bank be allowed free use of ATMs of other banks, including ...
Eyes Rs 2,000 cr business from Nashik by March 2011.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today suggested that customers of one bank be allowed free use of ATMs of other banks, including ...
With at least one member of every family in the state boasting of a bank account, Union minister of state for finance, Pawan ...
The yen traded near a six-week low against the dollar as Asian stocks gained, boosting demand for higher-yielding assets funded ...
Riding on the back of new players and increasing penetration, the insurance sector is expected to cross the Rs 2,00,000-crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has clarified that a company in the structure of Hindu undivided family (HUF) cannot access ...
Foreign offices of local banks lap up debt at discount.

In talks with Fortis to retain Dutch bank's division in India.

The government will soon finalise a reshuffle of top management teams in the country's leading 11 public sector banks (PSBs), 10 ...
Regulations, competition and mobilisation of deposits in the present economic scenario are the greatest challenges faced by the ...
Dena Bank has raised Rs 125 crore by way of hybrid bonds to augment long term resources and to meet its future capital adequacy ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has suggested that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will be the right authority ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $599 million to $272.95 billion for the week ended December 14, according to data released by ...
CLSA and Merrill Lynch & Co are among six investment banks set to arrange State Bank of Indias $4.2 billion share sale, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to undertake corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives for sustainable ...
The rise in market-determined interest rates has taken its toll on small saving collections.
The mop-up in small savings schemes ...
State Bank of India (SBI) and Coface, a global credit insurance and factoring company headquartered in Paris, have been ...
Jim Brown, head of consumer clients-Asia, ABN Amro Bank, spends a lot of time in India nowadays.
This country accounts for ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to undertake corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives for sustainable ...
Reliance Money, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani group company, Reliance Capital, is all set to launch portfolio ...
Credit rating agency ICRA has signed a memorandum of understanding (M0U) with Corporation Bank to assign ratings to the bank's ...
IDBI Fortis Life Insurance Company, a joint venture life insurance company promoted by IDBI, Federal Bank and Fortis Insurance ...
Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance plans to reach out to 7,000 poor households across Kerala by providing them with income ...
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank is planning to sell around Rs 100 crore worth of stressed assets to asset re-construction ...
Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (Irda) has decided to give full pricing freedom to the general insurance ...
Deutsche Bank has infused Rs 2,155 crore into its Indian operations.
The infusion of Rs 1,470 crore will be utilised for ...
Will post advisories on websites to caution gullible customers.

Anyone leafing through UK newspapers before Christmas would have noticed the usual stories about must-have toys, travel chaos, ...
Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (IRDA) has decided to give full pricing freedom to general insurance ...
United Bank of India (UBI) today launched a child insurance plan, United Child Solutions in association with Tata AIG Life ...
Muthoot Exchange Company [MEC], the foreign exchange arm of Kerala based Rs 1000 crore Muthoot group has secured Authorised ...
The yen declined against the dollar and euro as speculation the Bank of Japan will refrain from raising interest rates may prompt ...
Gold has been in a bull market since 2000, with the nominal price coming very close to its all time high of $854 a troy ounce, ...
Growing number of borrowers, low credit criteria reasons for delinquincy: Icra.
He is a low-profile banker, but the second most influential person after Aditya Puri in HDFC Bank.
Paresh Sukthankar, ...
United Bank of India plans to sell non-performing assets (NPAs) worth Rs 100 crore to Asset Reconstruction Company of India by ...
Societe Generale (SocGen), the second largest diversified financial services group in France, has bought out the remaining stake ...
The money mule scam has reached Indian shores.
Banks have noticed instances of fraudsters based overseas, posing as global ...
IFCI has fixed Rs 107 per share as conversion price for debentures amounting to Rs 1,323.99 crore held by creditor banks and ...
The country's first real estate investment trust (REIT) like structure promoted by IL&FS, the IL&FS - Milestone Fund-I ...
India's largest bank has invested Rs 4,973 crore in shares till December
The issue of private banks not participating in agricultural activities was raised today at the 102th meeting of the State-Level ...
The world economy is facing the risk of both recession and faster inflation.

Indiabulls Financial Service (IBFSL) is likely to announce a joint venture with a global insurance player in the next few days.
The demerger of the stock broking arm, Indiabulls Securities (ISL) from the parent Indiabulls Financial Services (IBFSL) could ...
The yen rose against all but two of the most active currencies as a slump in stock markets prompted the investors to cut holdings ...
Reserve Bank of India set to bring transparency in credit card operations.
States borrow more dollar funds from Asian Development Bank to finance development works.
Good cheer and glad tidings are in short supply in the corridors of the worlds central banks.
Policy makers in the ...
The ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) has made a proposal to the finance ministry for converting Small ...
SBI Cards, the second largest issuer of credit cards, has topped the list of complaints from credit cardholders, with the banking ...
Global banking powerhouse ABN Amro, which over a period of time will operate in India under the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) ...
IFCI, which has received financial bids from three consortia for a 26 per cent stake, is understood to have fixed Rs 107 for ...
The global takeover of ABN Amro Bank by a consortium of the Royal Bank of Scotland, Belgian-Dutch Fortis and Banco Santander is ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to introduce a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) for its subordinate staff in the next ...
In a New Year gift to general insurance companies, the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (IRDA) has agreed to ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has received approval from Hong Kong authorities to open a branch."We will launch the branch
...
Crisil has cut the outlook on the long-term debt and fixed deposit programmes of Sundaram Finance and Sundaram Home Finance to ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) from now on cannot avail of guarantees (irrevocable payment commitments) from banks for ...
HSBC India would be keen to acquire public sector banks once such acquisitions were permitted by regulations, said Naina Lal ...
Life insurance company Max New York Life (MNYL) entered into an alliance with Anantapur District Cooperative Central Bank (ADCCB) ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance, a private life insurer in India ranked 9th in the list of 15 private insurers in the country, is ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) from now on cannot avail of guarantees (irrevocable payment commitments) from banks for ...
HSBC is open to acquiring public sector banks (PSBs) in 2009.Naina Lal Kidwai, country manager, HSBC,  said the new ...
The yuan rose to the highest since a fixed exchange rate to the dollar ended in 2005 as the US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is planning to set up a joint venture asset reconstruction company (ARC) to ...
Companies hit by the sudden appreciation of foreign currencies such as Swiss franc and yen are finding it difficult to ...
Insurers would soon get more flexibility and more number of instruments to invest in.
The Insurance Regulatory Development ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy today said the 25-basis-point cut in interest rate by the US Federal Reserve on Tuesday ...
Canara Bank has hiked its offer price to Rs 63 a share to the shareholders of Can Fin Homes from Rs 58 a share announced in ...
To tap India's growing middle class investors.
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, is asking prospective partners for its general insurance foray to pay it ...
Vikram Pandit, CEO, Citigroup, will focus on increasing the profitability of the banking behemoth by ensuring the right cost ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy today said that the US Fed rate cut was relevant to Indian monetary policy but not a ...
The Union Cabinet today appointed public sector mutual fund managers, Unit Trust of India Mutual Fund (UTI MF) and State Bank of ...
Mahabir Prasad, Minister for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, today said that Reserve Bank of India has constituted a working ...
Interest rates for the short- to medium-term lending were not likely to come down for the time being, said T S Bhattacharyya, the ...
The yen declined against all 16 of the worlds most active currencies on speculation that Japanese investors will put their ...
Peak rates slashed by 25 basis points to 8.5 per cent.

So much disappointment in so many quarters over something so expected.
Go figure.
The Federal Reserve ratified consensus ...
Insurance companies have identified rural areas as the next big opportunity.
Though, according to the Irda norms, insurers are ...
Deputy Managing Director S Nagarajan submits resignation.
State Bank of India (SBI) has cut the peak term deposit rate by 25 basispoints (Bps) to 8.5 per cent for the second time in ...
Interest rates for the short-  to medium-term lending are not likely to come down for the time being, said T S ...
IL&FS Investment Advisors LLC, a 100% subsidiary of IL&FS Investment Managers (IIML) announced the initial closure of ...
Bancassurance is likely to generate approximately 35% of private insurers' premium income by 2008, according to an analysis of ...
Strengthening its presence in Sri Lanka, India's biggest private sector lender ICICI Bank has launched a special scheme of ...
Punjab National Bank has raised Rs 800 crore through private placement bonds under Tier I and Tier II series.
According ...
The US Federal Reserve has decided to cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to 4.25% to prevent the housing ...
The US Federal Reserve has decided to cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to 4.25% to prevent the housing slump ...
A decade after the launch of first municipal bonds in India by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation  its Rs 1 billion bonds in ...
The yen fell to a one-month low against the dollar and euro as speculation the Federal Reserve will accelerate interest-rate cuts ...
Andhra Bank Chairman and Managing Director K Ramakrishnan expects the bank to meet its credit growth target of ...
ABN Amro today announced the appointment of Meera Sanyal as country executive.
Her appointment follows the resignation of Romesh ...
What do Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, the mortgage industry and investors in securitized loans have in common?
They have Hope ...
Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius has received the Reserve Bank of India approval to acquire 49 per cent stake in UTI Securities, ...
The lower interest rates charged by the State Bank of India (SBI) are contributing to a growth in its home loan portfolio at a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may soon tighten the norms for foreign exchange derivatives, amid several banks and companies ...
Mumbai-based UTI Mutual Fund (UTI MF) has entered into a strategic tie-up with Citibank for distribution of its ...
Union, Oriental, Dena Bank to follow SBI to meet Basel-II norms
The global money markets are seizing dominion over our economic destiny.
The scant control that the monetary authorities still ...
The yuan strengthened for a second day ahead of a visit by US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson this week when hes likely to keep ...
Changes in commission structure aimed at ensuring proper customer service and reduction in policy lapse ratio.

A further slowing in credit growth is unlikely as companies may not postpone their capital expenditure plans, according to Crisil ...
Fitch Ratings says that its business is providing the world with independent, timely and prospective credit opinions. Judging ...
Rising currency and cap on NRI rates prompt lenders to promote NRO accounts.

Union Bank of India has raised additional capital of Rs 600 crore through tier-I and II bond issues to meet Basel II norms and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has advised the public not to succumb to the temptation of fictitious offers of large funds ...
UBS AG, Europe's largest bank by assets, said it will write down US  subprime investments by $10 billion and raise 13 ...
Growing middle class and housing shortage trigger race in home loan segment.
SBI Life, the insurance arm of SBI, has forayed into micro-insurance sector with the launch of 'Grameen Shakti' for the self help ...
Corporation Bank stands out among the public sector banks mainly because of the stringent and consistent provisioning policy and ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has merged four regional rural banks (RRBs) in Uttar Pradesh into one state-level RRB called Sarva UP ...
Till a couple of months back, 26-year-old Kusum, a tele-caller at a Mumbai-based loan recovery agency, would argue with a ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.239 billion to $273.52 billion during the week ended November 30, according to data ...
Wizard Home Loans, a joint venture between GE Money and Wizard International, on Thursday made its foray into the Hyderabad ...
The yuan fell the most since China ended a fixed exchange rate in 2005, damping speculation that gains would accelerate before a ...
Stock market investors, business owners, statisticians, housewives on a budget, job seekers: all of us hate not knowing what the ...
Max New York Life Insurance company (MNYL) will receive a capital infusion of Rs 2,400 crore in the next three to four years.

Fitch Ratings today revised the outlook on UCO Banks national ratings to Negative from Stable due to low tier-I capital ...
Regulator moots insurance pool for high-risk senior citizens.
Asian Development Bank today said it is likely to tap the domestic bond market next year for providing additional finances to the ...
Union Bank of India, Bank of India and Japan-based Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance today floated a life insurance joint venture ...
China's yuan advanced for a second day as the Peoples Bank of China called for more stable currencies and flexible exchange rate ...
Banks will continue to gain in 2008: S&P; high oil prices may hit growth drivers.
Says high interest rates and surge in defaults to be blamed.
Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) has stopped providing refinance facility to three financial corporations of ...
The yen rose against the dollar and euro after comments from the US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson failed to revive ...
If youre like me, youve spent the last few days sorting through the sketchy outline of the US Treasurys sub-prime rescue plan ...
Buoyant property prices pose risk to banking: Rakesh Mohan.
Andhra Bank has drawn up an ambitious overseas expansion plan and is foraying into the US with a branch in New Jersey.
Banks plan to charge a levy on unutilised portion of credit.
HSBC Holdingss Asia-Pacific head Sandy Flockhart said the subprime credit collapse that cut profit at Europes largest bank this ...
The strong demand for housing and home finance in India are likely to maintain pressure on the real estate prices (read high ...
Vikram Pandit may soon take on his toughest puzzle since graduate-school professors assigned him an asset-pricing problem even ...
Company targets Rs 5,000 crore disbursal in 2008-09, plans to expand branch network
The yen rebounded from a two-week low against the dollar after Moodys Investors Service said it is preparing the biggest ...
Federal Reserve officials were close to unanimous that they wouldnt need to reduce their 4.5 per cent overnight lending rate ...
Regulator notes certain lapses in banks' policies while lending to real estate.

Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) will raise Rs 166.75 crore through a preferential issue of shares to New York-based hedge fund management ...
Oil bonds are straining the public sector company's operating and financial profile.
Fullerton India Credit Company (FICCL), one of the largest capitalised NBFCs, is targetting a 100% jump in loan disbursements in ...
Punjab National Bank, the second largest public sector bank, will raise Rs 300 crore through private placement of perpetual bonds ...
Bank of Rajasthan will raise Rs 166.75 crore through a preferential issue of shares to New York-based hedge fund management ...
Work at State Bank of Travancore's (SBT) offices and branches is likely to be disrupted on December 3 and 4, owing to a strike ...
Pulling the plug on inflated medical insurance claims, the Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC), Pune has brought out a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has slashed the priority sector lending (PSL) target for Urban Cooperative Banks (UCBs) to 40 per ...
The board of directors of IFCI Ltd, the troubled term lender which is trying to induct a strategic investor, today approved ...
Banks will now be responsible for the recruitment of employees by their recovery agencies.

Highlights1.
DSAs/DMAs/Recovery agents to get minimum 100 hours of training.2. Recovery agents should call borrowers only from ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.133 billion to $272.281 billion during the week ended November 23, according to data ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today got a capital boost as its majority shareholder, the central government, decided to subscribe to ...
Credit Analysis & Research Limited (CARE) and United Bank of India have signed a MoU for facilitating Bank Facility Ratings ...
ICICI Bank is talking to the West Bengal government to involve with the University of Calcutta for starting a banking and ...
These will come up by the end of March 2008.
Bank of India (BoI), along with its partners Union Bank of India and Dai-Ichi Insurance, is likely to infuse around Rs 500 crore ...
The life insurance industry, which consists of Life Insurance Corporation of India and 15 private players, has grown by 47.38 per ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today said it planned to come out with separate guidelines for the ...
The Chinese yuan gained, approaching the strongest since a link to the dollar was ended in July 2005, on speculation the nation ...
Bank of Baorda (BoB) has put on block non-performing corporate loans worth Rs 460 crore to further clean up its books.
The public ...
Health insurance products from state-owned Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) are expected to hit the market by ...
The Reserve Bank of India is concerned with the rating methodologies of complex products.
K V Kamath, CEO, ICICI Bank, has been named Businessman of the Year for 2007 by Forbes Asia for his steadiness at steering ICICI ...
Credit Information Bureau (India), the only operational credit bureau in the country, today introduced generic credit scoring ...
The Foreign Exchange Services (FES) division of Centurion Bank of Punjab Limited (CBoP) is contemplating forging tie ups with ...
The National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has taken up watershed projects worth Rs 300 crore in 25 ...
National Housing Banks (NHB) proposal to form rural housing finance arm has found no takers as banks find it financially ...
Everywhere you turn, recession is staring you in the face.

Joint ventures of public sector lenders Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Vijaya Bank with the Principal Financial Group are in a ...
The deficit of the Indian budget is slowly getting diminished as tax collections are improving every year coupled with better ...
The slowdown in home loan growth would continue in 2007-08, with disbursements expected to grow at only 10 per cent, on the back ...
Credit  Analysis  &  Research  (CARE) and United Bank of India havesigned  an MoU for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has rapped banks for their arbitrary manner of fixing their benchmark prime lending rates ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday reiterated the government will not bring down its stake in state-owned banks below 51 ...
Bankers have read the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) comments on foreign banks market share in India as an indication that the ...
RBI sees sub-prime woes raising interest rates
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) and the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) have ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said hedge funds posed a risk to financial institutions through their credit exposures in ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBIs) prudential measures of increasing risk weight and provisioning requirement have moderated ...
Financial conglomerates neither have group-wide oversight mechanisms nor do they follow enterprise-wide risk management ...
State Bank of India, UTI AMC and Life Insurance Corporation will start investing the corpus of the new pension system (NPS), ...
Indian banks' exposure to US sub-prime mortgage insignificant, says central bank
Y V Reddy, Governor, Reserve Bank of India, today said Indian banks with overseas presence have insignificant exposure to ...
The motor insurance segment is expected to break-even as rates of premium have gone up in the segment post de-tariffing of the ...
The Andhra Bank, Visakhapatnam Zone, is aiming for a 175 per cent growth in advances during the current financial year compared ...
The share of foreign banks as a percentage of the assets of Indias banking sector currently stands at around 49 per cent against ...
To counter mounting customer complaints against banks resorting to strong arm tactics to recover loans, bankers have now decided ...
Pawan Kumar Bansal, minister of state for finance, today said Indian banks will have to continuously acquire and adapt themselves ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintains that new private sector banks and foreign banks, while increasing their share of ...
Jean-Claude Trichet, President of the European Central Bank, today said efforts to ensure global stability and prevent crises ...
The stiff competition in the financial sector has brought the best out of Indian banks in this decade with new private and ...
Indian Bank, a major public sector bank, is set to open four more microsat (a satellite branch for micro loans) branches in ...
Asian currencies such as Malaysias ringgit and South Koreas won advanced as the regions share markets rose, easing concerns ...
Bank aims to recover Rs 1,500-2,000 crore NPAs by 2007-08.
V Leeladhar, Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said India has been "quite generous and not merely liberal" on ...
The country's banking sector will have to explore inorganic growth options in order to face "significant" challenges emanating ...
The rupees sharp rally may have cost millions of people their jobs in export-oriented sectors, but the countrys billionaires  ...
HDFC Standard Life Insurance, the countrys private sector life insurer, is planning to dilute over 10 per cent equity through an ...
The Life Insurance Council (LIC), the industry body of life insurance companies in India, and the Institute of Actuaries of India ...
The employees of State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to protest against any move by their own bank to acquire any other banks ...
Indian Bank is set to open four more Microsate (a satellite branch for micro loans) branches across the country by the end of ...
Reliance Mutual Fund has formed a partnership with Union Bank of India and State Bank of Saurashtra to distribute its products ...
Indian corporates have raised around $11.9 billion through overseas borrowing in the first five months of 2007-08, according to ...
Syndicate Bank is planning for its third public offering by the end of this financial year.
The Sundicate Bank is planning for its third public offering, by the end of this fiscal.Speaking at a press meet, K ...
Development Credit Bank Ltd (DCB), one of the fast emerging private sector banks in India, is planning to open 75 new branches in ...
The Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) has earmarked about Rs 1,200 crore for the the agriculture sector in the states of the north. ...
The Agriculture Insurance Company of India (AIC) has announced the insurance payout for coffee growers under the Rainfall ...
R M Malla has taken charge of Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) at a time when its traditional role as a ...
There have been numerous commentaries in the media and many research reports advocating for interest rate cuts in the economy to ...
The central bank has stepped up dollar purchases to prevent the rupee from gaining further.

Reserve Bank of India makes it mandatory for banks to open half their branches in rural areas.
United India Insurance Company (United India) has selected, Hewlett-Packard (HP) to implement a complete pre-packaged solution ...
Adopting a Consumer-friendly, IT-savvy face, the nationalised Syndicate Bank has taken up networking of the remaining 7 per ...
The LIC Housing Finance Ltd's wholly owned subsidiary, LICHFL Care Homes Ltd, plans to open its second Assisted Living Community ...
Here in the depths of the biggest crisis the municipal bond market has known since the Great Depression, its business as
When the mortgage lender Northern Rock Plc collapsed in September, and caused the first run on a bank in a developed country in ...
The rupee will rise more than 6 per cent by the end of 2008 as the pace of economic growth keeps luring overseas funds, according ...
Public sector lenders Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) and United Bank of India (UBI) are likely to pick up a stake in development ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said the board had given a go-ahead to PNB Gilts to work out a scheme of merger with the bank.
Reliance Capital to infuse Rs 1500 crore by 2010.
Max New York Life Insurance Co Ltd, one of India's leading insurance companies, is set to expand its customer base in Uttar ...
The All-India Insurance Employee's Association (AIEA) has demanded that the four public sector general insurance companies  ...
Andhra Bank has signed an MoU with Legal and General Group Plc of UK and Bank of Baroda to form a joint venture (JV) for life ...
To ensure payouts during key milestones in a child's education.
Lack of clarity on rules delays clearance for stake acquisition in Geojit, UTI Securities
The banking regulator, Reserve Bank of India, has warned the countrys largest private sector bank of stern action in case ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) Chairman and Managing Director Anil Khandelwal said today the banks credit growth in October and November ...
The Barclays Group proposes to merge the non-banking finance company (NBFC), Rank Investments and Credits (India), with Barclays ...
The Hinduja Group is planning to enter the financial services space in India with a bang.
Apart from plans to set up life ...
ICICI CEO K V Kamath today warned that the rupee would strengthen by 1 or 2 against the dollar each year, irrespective of ...
The Group of 20 nations called on Asian countries to allow their currencies to appreciate faster as European and Canadian policy ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is in another legal soup, this time on overcharging of fees for assignment of insurance ...
GE Money India, a subsidiary of the worlds largest non-banking finance company (NBFC) GE Capital Corporation, has stopped ...
The US sub-prime crisis could last another 6-9 months following which the growth in the US economy could pick up, said Anjan ...
Max New York Life has launched its unit-linked pension plan, Smart Invest Pension.

South Indian Bank ( SIB) plans to open one more Core Banking branch in Mangalore shortly, in addition to the existing one and ...
The South Central region of LIC Housing Finance Ltd, the housing finance arm of
State Bank of India (SBI) is close to getting government approval for its proposed rights issue to raise funds for greater risk ...
ING Investment Management India has launched a real estate fund, ING Global Real Estate Fund, which will open on November 20 and ...
UK's Standard Chartered, the largest foreign bank in India, is being courted by three of China's state-run banks for a ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHFL), the housing finance arm of LIC of India, is planning to raise fresh capital of Rs 400 crore through ...
The rupee is expected to strengthen irrespective of whatever we do, and it would be appropriate to plan for a strong rupee, ICICI ...
Andhra Bank has signed an agreement with British Insurer Legal and General and Bank of Baroda to form a life insurance ...
RBI, govt concerned over inflationary impact of rising capital inflows.
MetLife India Insurance Company will be infusing Rs 119 crore by December-end for meeting the solvency requirements and expanding ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) has increased the obligations of insurance companies towards ...
The Reserve bank of India (RBI) today lent Rs 30,655 crore to banks for three days to enable them to meet their cash reserve ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has recommended the introduction of trading in currency futures to enable market participants ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has recommended introduction of trading in currency futures, to enable market participants to ...
The United Bank of India has reported a net profit of Rs 232.50 crore, up 43.4% for the half year ended September 30, 2007, as ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $3.663 billion to $270.181 billion for the week ended November 9, according to data released ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank is gearing up to further its financial inclusion initiatives and increase penetration into rural areas. ...
Swaraj Krishnan is the new CEO of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company.
Prior to this posting, Krishnan was general ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked associate banking entities of State Bank of India to set up a panel of directors to ...
State-run banks, State Bank of India and Canara Bank, today said interest rates are expected to remain stable to soft in the near ...
Indian banks are in the process of reviewing their exposures to derivatives contracts entered into with foreign banks as ...
Loan books of Indian banks with significant international operations grew sizeably in the first six months of 2007-08, despite a ...
ICICI Venture, a subsidiary of ICICI Bank, is acquiring a 25% stake in Hyderabad-based Karvy Stock Broking (KSBL) for Rs 500 ...
ICICI Groups eastern regional hub for back office operations, coming up at Chandaka industrial estate in Bhubaneswar, will be ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (IRDA) has increased the specified obligations of insurance companies to ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today announced plans to raise Rs 2,000 crore by February 2008 to meet Basel-II norms.
The bank also ...
Public sector banks State Bank of India (SBI) and Canara Bank are expected interest rates to remain soft and stable in the near ...
Barclays Plc, UK's third-biggest bank, will write down about 1.3 billion pounds ($2.7 billion) on credit-related securities tied ...
Despite detariffing affecting the insurance industry, Cholamandalam MS General Insurance is expecting to touch the one million ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank is expecting a response from the Union government on its capital restructuring plan by the end of this ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, to step up efforts for bringing ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, to step up efforts for bringing ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today announced the establishment of a $1.5 billion medium term note (MTN) ...
The finance ministry is likely to reject a plea by banks to tone down credit growth targets for this financial year as the ...
Ties up with HDFC to sell home loans.

The government is again on the lookout for senior management in state-run banks and will conduct interviews next week for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been forced to intervene to ensure fair and efficient growth of the financial sector despite ...
Shriram Transport Finance (STF), a niche player in the commercial vehicle financing segment, today said it would raise Rs 384 ...
When the Federal Reserve talks about the risks to the economy, be it slower growth or higher inflation, its usually an either/or ...
The government may infuse about Rs 10,000 crore as equity capital in nationalised banks in addition to an identical amount in the ...
ICICI Bank, the largest retail lender in the country, has extended its festive offer of low interest rates on retail loans in ...
ICICI Bank, the largest retail lender, has extended its festival offers on retail loans as it strives to meet its expected retail ...
IDBI has reduced interest rates on some of its term deposits with effect from November 12.The interest on its 360-day ...
US-based middle market focussed investment bank Jefferies Group, which opened its representative office in New Delhi last month, ...
Credit Agricol (CA), the second-largest French bank, is all set to enter the Indian insurance and asset management business.
The yen strengthened against all 16 of the most-traded currencies, rising beyond 110 per dollar for the first time in 1 1/2 ...
The interbank market on Monday witnessed an acute shortage of funds, which pushed up the call rates to a high of 9.75 per cent.
Central banks from Bogota to Mumbai are imposing foreign-exchange curbs to take control of their soaring currencies from traders ...
The appreciation of the Japanese yen beyond 110 a dollar is set to worry Indian companies, which have borrowed in the Japanese ...
It is not just textile and garment exporters that are bearing the brunt of the rising rupee.
Banks are sensing warning signals of ...
Bangalore based ING Vysya Bank has fixed its issue price for the qualified institution placement (QIP) at Rs 310 (a premium of Rs ...
The case of a demand draft being stolen and produced for its encashment at the State Bank of India's (SBI) branch at Kolhapur has ...
Union Bank of India will add 1,200 personnel, close to 5 per cent of its existing employee strength, in specialist functions such ...
Domestic financial institutions such as banks and insurance companies have evinced interest to participate in the equity ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, and Canara Bank, the third-largest public sector bank, have rid their ...
Canara Bank is expanding its overseas branch network by adding five more branches in various countries in the next few months.

Cabinet to consider SBI rights issue by Nov 22
Festival offers have failed to bring cheer to retail bankers while higher interest rates and the likely peaking of the investment ...
Asian companies are more likely to default next year as borrowing costs rise, and the regions stocks may fall because they are ...
Reliance Money has just tied up with Corporation Bank to offer broking services for the bank's customers.
It has also waived the ...
Companies may not get a significant reduction on their premiums when the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India ...
The Bank of England (BoE) kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at a six-year high, with policymakers resisting calls for a ...
The hiccups in global credit markets notwithstanding, private debt in Asia is the beneficiary of healthy demand.
ICICI Bank, the countrys largest private sector lender, has pressed the pause button on its rural growth strategy following ...
Tight liquidity conditions and outflow of around Rs 16,000-17,000 crore towards the CRR hike with effect from November 10 led to ...
This is yet another story of carry trade in a foreign currency that would severely impact the balance sheet of the Indian ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will further open up the Indian debt market to foreign investors only after there is an efficient ...
In a measure to combat excess liquidity, the government today revised the ceiling on the Market Stabilisation Scheme (MSS) to Rs ...
The Indian corporate bond market with gradual pace of reforms may see a roughly a four-fold rise in size about $ 1.5 trillion by ...
The creditor banks and insurance companies of IFCI have toughened their stand against the troubled term lenders proposal on ...
The country's largest two banks, State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank, may have to shelve plans to set up intermediate ...
Indian Banking Association (IBA) has asked banks to follow the industry code of conduct with regard to collection of bad ...
Punjab National Bank today launched signature based debit cards for account holders, which can be utilised for e-commerce and at ...
For a while, it looked as if the initial public offer of Alibaba.com in Hong Kong would end up becoming Open Sesame for the ...
Innovative strategies can bring formal banking to 30 million, says BCG report.
Close on the heels of State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, the countrys second-largest lender, today cut interest rates on its ...
The government will prepare guidelines for appointments to the post of RBI Deputy Governor.
The decision to this effect was taken ...
Concerned over the high level of defaults in the project finance portfolio of banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has asked ...
ICICI Bank stops small-ticket loans; Citi tightens lending processes.
Close on heels of State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, the country's second largest bank today cut interest rates on its special ...
The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd (HSBC) is mulling the launch of a financial package that may include a ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said Indian companies have to learn to live with a rising rupee.
The Indian currency would ...
The Delhi Consumer Commission fined ICICI bank a whopping fine of Rs 50 lakh for employing "goons" to recover loan and deplored ...
The government is likely to soon review the borrowing limit under the Market Stabilisation Scheme (MSS), a senior finance ...
Comparisons are inevitable when Indias exchange reserves position is juxtaposed against the Chinese.
China is the worlds ...
Farmers will no longer have to wait endlessly for claiming their payments from the government.

First step in creating market for sticky retail lending.
Citigroup Inc chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) Charles Prince, beset by the company's billions of dollars in losses ...
Bank interest rates may be brought under judicial scrutiny.
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy has said administered rates distort the interest rate structure and blunts the efficacy ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.307 billion to $262.45 billion for the week endeded October 26, according to data released ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has extended the fit and proper guidelines to individuals elected as directors on boards of ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has registered a decline in first year premium by 47 per cent in September this year ...
Shortly after the countrys largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) announced its foray into the reverse mortgage loan market, ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, has decided to cut its peak interest rate offered on the 550-day deposit ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today announced a revision in interest rates on domestic term deposits.The bank will now pay ...
K V Kamath, managing director and CEO,  ICICI Bank,  today said there is a need for correction in interest rates to ...
The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) decided on October 31 to cut the federal funds rate by 25 basis points to 4.5 per cent. ...
US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson happened to be in Mumbai when the Sensex crossed 20,000 for the first time.
Paulsons ...
The practices by banks for increasing housing loan interest rates for existing borrowers could be in for a complete overhaul, ...
Indias largest foreign bank Standard Chartered is waiting for 2009, when the banking sector will be fully opened up for foreign ...
Mumbai-based Bank of Baroda (BoB) has posted a 13.5 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter of 2007-08 on the back of ...
Central Bank of India has posted a marginal 3.26 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 222 crore for the first half (H1) ended ...
Lesser than expected growth in credit offtake and higher cost of funds has resulted in Canara Bank posting just 11 per cent ...
Backed by robust growth in commissions, fee and interest income, Bank of Baroda (BoB) today reported a 13.46% increase in net ...
The Reserve Bank of India today kept key policy rates unchanged but increased the cash reserve ratio (CRR) on continued inflation ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is planning to open four new branches in Maharashtra and Goa zone by November 2007 and is eyeing a business ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has decided to sell 26 per cent stake in HDFC General Insurance (HGICL) to ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has formulated a scheme to extend financial assistance to ...
RBI Governor Y V Reddy says raising the retail prices of oil may push the headline inflation to 5 per cent.
Excerpts from ...
Industry bodies Ficci, CII, Assocham, PHDCCI and FIEO today gave a mixed reaction to the 50 basis point increase in cash reserve ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today supported the hike in cash reserve ratio (CRR) by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) terming it ...
Y V Reddy, Governor, Reserve Bank of India (RBI), said the central bank is not expecting any domestic shocks, and agriculture is ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today retained the GDP growth forecast at 8.5% during 2007-08, "assuming no further escalation in ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today dashed hopes of interest rates easing in the near future as it hiked the cash reserve ratio ...
The board of directors of Yes Bank today approved a proposal to issue 1.47 crore equity shares on a preferential basis to Orient ...
Echoing concerns raised by Finance Minister P Chidambaram on massive capital flows into the country, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to change the policy rates  the repo and reverse repo rates  in its mid-term review ...
Germanys Ergo Insurance Group, which is part of reinsurance major Munich Re, is buying 26 per cent stake in HDFCs general ...
The Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) reported 2 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 43.41 crore in the second quarter ended September 30 ...
Mumbai-based Bank of Indias net profit doubled in the second quarter of 2007-08 on the back of a robust growth in fee income and ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) saw its profit rise 28 per cent in the second quarter ended September 30, 2007, to Rs 319.70 crore ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has recorded a rise of 76 per cent in net profit to Rs 646.39 crore for the second ...
Squeeze in net interest margin saw Punjab National Bank post a modest 6.6 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 538 crore in the ...
India Inc makes up 41% of non-food credit between March and August 2007 as retail loan offtake slows.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to change the policy rates  the repo and reverse repo rates  in its mid-term review ...
Punjab National Bank has recorded 6.6% increase in net profit at Rs 538 crore in the July-September quarter of 2007-08 (Q2FY08) ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today reported a 24% decline in net profit at Rs 236 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
Bank of India today reported 100.5% rise in net profit for the second quarter ended September 2007 at Rs 425.27 crore when ...
Indian Overseas Bank today reported 29% rise in net profit to Rs 319.70 crore for the second quarter ended September 2007 as ...
The Jammu & Kashmir Bank today reported almost 30% rise in net profit of Rs 107.80 crore for the quarter ended on September ...
The government is likely to take a decision on public sector lender State Bank of Indias proposed plan to raise about Rs 18,000 ...
The finance ministry is likely to decide on reviewing the credit targets of public sector banks (PSBs) for this financial year ...
Banks have asked for an exemption of statutory requirements such as the cash reserve ratio (CRR) and the statutory liquidity ...
In another attempt to utilise foreign exchange reserves, the Union government has decided to retire the entire amount of debt ...
The surging capital inflows continue to pose a policy challenge for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as it undertakes its mid-term ...
Backed by robust growth in sale of investments and commissions, State Bank of India has posted a 36 per cent growth in its net ...
He is a worried man now.
As the head of recoveries at a bank thats among the active players in the small personal loans ...
Backed by robust growth in sale of investments and commissions, State Bank of India has posted a 36% growth of Rs 1,611.42 crore ...
Mumbai-based Dena Bank has recorded an increase of 34.04% in net profit at Rs 92.15 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
Corporation Bank today reported a 27% increase in net profit at Rs 161.38 crore for the quarter ended Spetember 30, 2007 when ...
The State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) Board has approved the merger of SBS into SBI in their meeting at Mumbai on October 20,
Manipal-headquartered public sector Syndicate Bank has failed to meet its own expectations for the second quarter ended September ...
Kotak Mahindra Banks net profit increased by 117 per cent to Rs 75.4 crore in the second quarter ended September, 2007 from Rs ...
Financial Planning Standards Board India (FPSBI), an umbrella body representing mutual funds, banks and insurance companies, has ...
Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI), in less than a fortnight, has revised downwards the coupon it would offer on 70 ...
Life insurance
agents from India are moving fast into the realm of global insurance.
The total number of Indian agents ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may opt for a 25 basis point cut in the repo rate, to prop sagging demand in the interest ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has posted a more than two-fold (156%) rise in consolidated net profit at Rs 241.45 crore for the quarter ...
Federal Bank, one of the leading private sector banks of the country, will go for a rights issue beginning November 12 and ending ...
Syndicate Bank has posted an increase of 11% in net profit at Rs 227.58 crore for the quarter ended September 2007, (Q2FY08) when ...
Andhra Bank today announced a 3.2% rise in net profit at Rs 151.21 crore for the quarter ended September 2007 (Q2FY08), as ...
Federal Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 95.30 crore for the quarter ended September 2007, registering an increase of 37% from ...
After nearly three quarters of generosity , banks are now facing pressure to reduce deposit rates.
Most face a margin squeeze ...
Shriram Transport Finance Company has posted a 108.5 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 95.93 crore for the quarter ended ...
Posts 30 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 24 crore for September quarter.
Bank of Rajasthan will issue 1 crore equity shares on preferential basis to Indus Capital Partners LLC (6.5 million shares) and ...
In a bid to give the much-needed fillip to the ailing agriculture sector, Thiruvananthapuram-based State Bank of Travancore (SBT) ...
Future Generali, a joint venture between Kishore Biyanis Future Group and Italys Assicurazioni Generali, has begun operations ...
Union Bank of India posted a 42.27 per cent growth in net profit for the second quarter in FY08 on the back of the strong growth ...
Pune-based Bank of Maharashtra has posted 47.57 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter of FY08 on the back of robust ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all banks and their call centres  along with direct selling agents (DSAs) and direct ...
Poor credit offtake, drop in net interest income and higher cost of deposits have impacted Vijaya Banks net profit as it grew ...
After selling the advisory services business, Ashok Wadhwa, partner and CEO, Ambit Corporate Finance, recently announced ...
The government might issue securities to State Bank of India (SBI) instead of paying cash for subscribing to the banks proposed ...
Availability of instruments for banks to transfer risks to other banks and leveraged investors has translated into fewer ...
Sebi board meet may discuss lock-in, curbs on sensitive sector inflows.

Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 105.25 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 - a 3% increase ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks and their call centres to regsiter as telemarketers alongwith direct selling ...
Mumbai-based Union Bank of India has posted a 42.03% increase in net profit at Rs 275.78 crore during the second quarter of ...
The backdrop of RBIs October 30 Monetary Policy is a relatively benign macro-environment. Managing dollar inflows remains the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is in the process of reviewing the guidelines issued on the code of conduct for outsourcing of ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), the largest associate bank of the State Bank of India, has posted a 10.6 per cent growth in net ...
Public sector Bank of Baroda (BoB) today launched the sale of 24 karat gold coins in three denominations of 4, 5 and 8 grams.
SBI Life Insurance Company has registered a net profit of Rs 14.09 crore for the first half of financial year 2007-08 (H1FY08).
Foreign fund flows continued to be strong despite the recent clampdown on participatory notes (PNs).
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided against the introduction of differentiated bank licensing system, which would have ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank is likely to firm up its insurance venture by December.
The public sector bank, which recently ...
Buoyed by high growth in loans and a significant reduction in non-performing assets (NPAs), LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) has ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today announced the launch of its Salary 2 Wealth account, which is touted as a comprehensive product to ...
LIC Housing Finance Company has posted a 53.16% rise in net profit at Rs 116.37 crore for the second quarter ending September ...
Liquidity: All eyes on Sebi
The Reserve Bank of India will be the regulatory authority for currency futures trading, the draft guidelines for which will be ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) has observed that the proportion of unit-linked products has ...
LIC, other stakeholders to draw govt's attention to the issue.
Raise more funds from Indian banks to meet exigencies of sub-prime crisis.
With a majority of the nationalised and private sector banks going in for cuts in their lending rate on home loans and others ...
In a move to bring more transparency into the pricing of loans, the Reserve Bank of India in its pre-credit policy meeting has ...
ICICI Banks three-year-long wait to open a branch in the US has finally ended, with the Federal Reserve Board approving its ...
The US Federal Reserve has granted permission to ICICI Bank, the second largest financial lender in India with assets over $91 ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), which has just launched two new products, the SBI Reverse Mortgage Loan and the SBI Home Cash in ...
Kotak Life Insurance has charted out strategies to focus on a deeper penetration in Kerala for a larger share of the insurance ...
ICICI Bank today reshuffled its management as Nachiket Mor, an executive director, decided to quit.
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, has reported 33 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended September 30, ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $5.356 billion to $256.686 billion for the week ended October 12, according to data released ...
ICICI Bank, the country's second largest lender, today reported a 33% rise in net profit for the second quarter of 2007-08 at Rs ...
The board of directors of ICICI Bank, which met today, has promoted deputy managing director Chanda Kochhar as joint managing ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has, for the time being, decided against the introduction of a differentiated bank licencing system, ...
The State Bank of Mysore (SBM), the Bangalore-based associate bank of State Bank of India (SBI) has posted a 53.50% rise in its ...
The business of State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur (SBBJ) has crossed Rs 51,000 crore as at the end of September.

Reserve Bank of India Governor Yaga Venugopal Reddy said that increasing inflationary pressures and volatility in the global ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has put the proposal of introducing sub-investment grade bonds in the corporate ...
The net interest margin of Punjab National Bank is currently at 3.82 per cent compared to 4.07 per cent in March, Chairman and ...
Macquarie Bank has plans to enter the commodities and asset management businesses in the country through joint ventures.

Sydney-based Macquarie Bank has acquired a 50 per cent stake in Religare Enterprises wealth management subsidiary.

Amid concerns over suicides by debt-ridden farmers, RBI Governor Y V Reddy has said the problem "goes beyond credit", and blamed ...
Forty-one branches of Vijaya Bank, spread over 10 districts in the Vijayawada region, registered a business of Rs 1,433 crore as ...
Indonesias rupiah fell the most in three weeks on concerns that record high oil prices will slow growth and fan inflation, ...
Rabo India Finance (RIF) plans to concentrate on fee-generating businesses, aiming to scale up its share to 40 per cent of its ...
The rupee is expected to be volatile in the near term in wake of the proposed restrictions on participatory notes, but it will ...
Yes Bank, the newest private sector bank, today reported a 110 per cent year-on-year increase in net profit in the quarter ended ...
Rising credit and better cost efficiency bolstered Allahabad Banks net profit by 14.16 per cent to Rs 239.78 crore in the ...
The number of High Net worth Individuals (HNIs) in India grew by 20 per cent to 100,000 in 2006.
Of the 100,000 HNIs in India, an ...
Bank of India (BoI) has lent $200 million to Tata Steel UK, Tata Steels special purpose vehicle for the Corus acquisition, to ...
The rupee is expected to be volatile in the short term in the wake of the proposed restrictions on investments by overseas ...
Yes Bank, the newest private sector bank, today reported a 110% year-on-year increase in its net profit in the quarter ended ...
Allahabad Bank has recorded a net profit of Rs 239.78 crore for the quarter ended September 2007, a 14.16% rise from Rs 210.03 ...
The rupee was off lows against the dollar in afternoon trades after Finance Minister P Chidambarams comments that the government ...
The US dollar remains the worlds most accepted currency despite the growing acceptance of the euro - since its inception in 1999 ...
S S Tarapore, the former deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has said any premature policy signals for lowering ...
Global financial services player Merrill Lynch has bought a five per cent stake in Religare Enterprises, a Delhi-based financial ...
Max New York Life Insurance Company is scaling up its business operations to be among the top four life insurers in the country. ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India posted 12 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 156 crore in the quarter ended September ...
S S Tarapore, former deputy governor, Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has said any premature policy signals for lowering of interest ...
Canara Bank today announced it will lower interest rates on new personal and automobile loans by 50 basis points and 25 basis ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today reported a net profit of Rs 155.50 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
Bank of America (BoA) today announced an infusion of $83 million (Rs 330 crore) in its India operations.
The capital ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has cut floating interest rate on new home loans by 50 basis points to 10.5 per cent. ...
Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) will be offering options to 30 banks and financial institutions to convert less ...
IFCI, a term-lending institution which is now classified as a non-banking finance company, today reported a four-fold rise in its ...
Axis Bank has decided to set up a wholly owned subsidiary to enter the asset management business and will soon approach the ...
Uco Bank posted a 50.05 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 243.40 crore for the half year ended September 2007 from Rs 162.21 ...
Indian Bank reported a 46.34 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 247.60 crore in the September 2007 quarter on the back of higher ...
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, the worlds largest securities firm by market value, raised its three-month forecasts on six Asian ...
Srei Infrastructure Finance, the Kolkata-based infrastructure finance company, will raise Rs 250 crore through by issuing 2.5 ...
In talks with two European banks to fund M&A needs of clients.
Buoyed by an unprecedented rally on the Indian stock markets, ICICI Bank expects, on an average, a surge of 65-70 per cent in its ...
Central bank asks for details of all loans sanctioned between April 1, '05, and March 31, '07.
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has cut floating interest rate on new home loans by 50 basis points to 10.5%. It has ...
Axis Bank today announced a 60.5% surge in Q2 net profit of Rs 227.82 crore for the quarter ended September 2007, as against Rs ...
Axis Bank today informed the BSE that its board of directors have agreed to setting up a mutual fund, besides incorporating two ...
Stocks are likely to be volatile, but corporate earnings, which get into a full swing this week with heavyweight Reliance ...
Interest rate reductions by State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank notwithstanding, other banks feel a cut in lending rates ...
Feeling the heat of competition, Bank of Baroda (BOB) has cut the interest rates on new home loans for the second time in just 45 ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector bank, today reported a 40 per cent increase in its net profit in the quarter ended ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second-largest bank, today reduced interest rates on its special deposit scheme by 50 basis points to 9 ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second-largest bank, today reduced interest rates on its special deposit scheme by 50 basis points to ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector bank, today reported 40% increase in its net profit for the second quarter ended ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $3.568 billion to $251.330 billion during the week ended October 5, according to the weekly ...
Citigroups embattled chairman and chief executive, Charles O.
Prince III, announced a major reorganisation and management ...
As the festive season starts bankers in Gujarat expect to witness momentum in the home loan business segment bringing back the ...
Predicting the Sensex, Indias key equity index, is an activity best left to day traders, chartists and talking heads on 24-hour ...
Improved infrastructure is critical if India has to achieve an economic growth rate of 10 to 11 per cent, Asian Development Bank ...
The International Monetary Fund, drawing on lessons from the Asian financial crisis a decade ago, warned developing countries ...
There has been a reversal in the credit quality of Indian corporates in the six months to September 2007, after five years of ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is in discussions with the Andhra Pradesh government to launch a girl child protection ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) may reduce deposit rates shortly.
The bank now pays a maximum 8.75% interest on deposits. ...
YES Bank will act as financial consultant for the Punjab State Agricultural Marketing Board in selecting players to set up ...
Bankers are trying hard to increase the credit-deposit ratio (CDR) in Gujarat and have succeeded in maintaining a high CDR across ...
State Bank of India is planning to open 10,000-15,000 automated teller machines over the next three years, said S K Sehgal, ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has registered 90 per cent growth in net profit for the second quarter ended September 30 ...
Paid-up capital of Rs 100 cr planned.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) recently asked banks to treat instances where companies do not credit the sale proceeds from ...
The spot rupee touched a new nine-year high of 39.31/3150 at close today following heavy foreign fund inflows into the equity ...
The Institute of Economic Growth (IEG), an economic think thank, has said that inflation rate may increase in the coming month, ...
Global rating agency Standard and Poors today said that in the short run, the political uncertainty and a possible delay to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will be rolling out SBI Reverse Mortgage Loan, a product for senior citizens, above the age of 60 years ...
Other banks are expected to follow suit
State Bank of India (SBI) today announced a reduction in interest rates on various retail loans as well as loans for transport ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) today reported a 90% increase in net profit for the half year ended 30 September, 2007 at Rs 35.69 crore ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will launch a new product - SBI Reverse Mortgage Loan - for the benefit of senior citizens on October ...
With the sensex attaining new heights everyday, CEO's getting salaries like never before, property prices soaring amidst a real ...
The largest public sector bank of the country, the State Bank of India, today adopted Majhdaha village in Nadia district of West ...
Finance Secretary D Subba Rao today said authorities might struggle to maintain exchange rate stability after record equity ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC), an investor in public works, is interested in IFCI, competing with the ...
Suresh Gurumani is spearheading Barclays Banks retail business since its launch five months ago.
He moved to Barclays ...
The Centre has agreed to subscribe to the equity shares of State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, to help meet ...
Money: Fund glut continues
Although banking shares have recovered over the past month along with the equity markets, they have mostly underperformed in ...
Reliance Life Insurance, one of the leading life insurance players in India, will invest Rs 1000-1200 crore in 2-3 years to ...
Global ratings agency Standard & Poors (S&P) expects Indias growth to slow to 8.6 per cent in 2007-08 on the back of ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is in talks with 5 to 6 private companies for its general insurance venture.The tie-up should ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has increased its stake in HDFC Asset Managment Company (HDFC AMC - the investment ...
The growth in sectors such as information technology, telecommunication, tourism, banking and insurance has pushed up credit ...
The Supreme Court has referred for arbitration the row between Citibank and the British life style and travel company, TLC ...
Reddy expressed concerns regarding private equity flows while dwelling on the issue of setting up a currency stabilisation fund ...
Public sector Uco Bank is planning a follow-on public offer (FPO) of shares to raise Rs 200-250 crore in the first half of the ...
ING Vysya Bank is planning to raise Rs 350 crore as fresh capital through a qualified institutional placement to fund its growth ...
After raising Rs 20.28 crore from Larsen & Toubro through a preferential issue of 12 lakh shares a few months ago, Kumbakonam ...
Yes Bank  today  announced  that  it has raised Rs182 crore ($45.5  million)  of  upper  ...
Kolkata based, UCO Bank is likely to come out with a follow-on public offer in the last quarter of the current fiscal or the ...
The Commerce & Industry minister Kamal Nath said that Indian banks should revamp their rural credit strategy for the benefit ...
Y V Reddy, Governor, Reserve Bank of India, today said that India is vulnerable to various international shocks as well as ...
ING Vysya Bank plans to raise capital
In order to keep a check on indiscriminate non-disclosure fee charged by insurance companies, General Insurance Council, the ...
The government should consider having a golden share to retain control over the public sector banks, while allowing them to ...
Mangalore-headquartered private sector Karnataka Bank will raise Rs 140 crore by divesting 4.99 per cent equity stake to ...
This festive season your dream home may just be within your reach.
The slowdown in retail asset growth and competitive pressure ...
Surplus liquidity, flat credit off-take make banks generous.

Unbridled lending to subprime borrowers by banks in the past few years is now biting.
The loan-loss ratio in loan portfolios in ...
The vehicle owner will soon get relief from the long queues in front of the RTO offices as the public sector bank, Bank of Baroda ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is all set to file its standalone health insurance product with the Insurance ...
The removal of tariffs would result in health insurance becoming the second-largest business for general insurance companies over ...
Milan-headquartered Pioneer Investments signed a joint venture agreement with Bank of Baroda (BoB) to buy a 51 per cent stake in ...
The countrys largest lender, State Bank of India, may consider lowering lending rates for certain loan products in its next ...
ING Vysya Bank is planning to raise equity capital by way of private placements to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) and ...
The countrys largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) may consider lowering lending rates for certain loan products in its next ...
Bank of Baroda (BOB),  which is planning to provide value-added services for increasing fee-based income, is considering ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is in the process of filing a health insurance product with the Insurance Regulatory and ...
The board of directors of Karnataka Bank, at its meeting today, approved a proposal to issue 63,73,000 equity shares of Rs 10 ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Italy-based Pioneer Investments, an asset management company (AMC), signed a joint venture agreement ...
O P Bhatt, chairman, State Bank of India (SBI), today indicated that the bank may consider reducing interest rates on certain ...
Bank of India (BoI) may float a follow-on public issue to raise fresh equity and dilute 5% of government equity, chairman and ...
China and India are the two awakening giants in the Asia-Pacific region with their strong growth potential.
Their low ...
Companies are substituting working capital loans from banks with short-term funds raised through the issue of commercial papers ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to review their loan recovery practices following recent instances of deaths, ...
Bankers today pleaded with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) against raising the cash reserve ratio (CRR) further to suck out ...
Faced with a slowdown in credit and deposit growth in the first six months of 2007-08, many public sector banks such as Punjab ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today rapped banks for selling non-performing assets (NPAs) at prices below the value of ...
The government today raised the limit on the Market Stabilisation Scheme (MSS) to Rs 2,00,000 crore, easing pressure on the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed a range of measures including sectoral ceilings and lock-in for investments by ...
Bankers today pleaded with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) against raising the cash reserve ratio (CRR) further to suck out ...
Faced with a slowdown in credit and deposit growth in the first six months of 2007-08, many public sector banks like Punjab ...
The rupee hit an intra-day high of 39.35/$ in noon trades.The rupee was quoted at 39.37/$ at 1410 hrs.
YV Reddy, the RBI governor, is meeting the top bankers today to discuss policy issues ahead of its monetary policy review ...
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that there will be some rethinking of collateralized debt obligations after ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance company has launched biometric smart cards to enable their rural policyholders to pay their ...
A week after HDFC reduced housing loan rates, Canara Bank has also cut the rate of interest on housing loans by 50 basis points ...
As far as the worlds biggest bond investors are concerned, the Federal Reserve is failing to restore confidence in the US credit ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, is raising $500 million of one-year funds through the issue of commercial papers ...
The interest rates on deposits continue to be high despite ample liquidity due to monetary policy uncertainty and expectations ...
The Reserve Bank of India should cut interest rates in the wake of inflation touching a five-year low, industry body Assocham ...
Indias rupee may extend gains to 37 versus the dollar, the highest in more than a decade by March, the Associated Chambers of ...
After dealing with the current liquidity crunch, the focus of policy makers will shift to the economic impact, future growth ...
As bidders line up to buy 26 per cent equity in Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI), they will have to keep an eye on ...
Just a week after HDFC Bank reduced housing loan rates, Canara Bank has also reduced the rate of interest on housing loans by 50 ...
The Balasore Co-operative Urban Bank (BCUB), which was running in loss till a year ago, has registered significant growth in all ...
Against the backdrop of zooming real estate prices, the government of Assam today signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with ...
Singapore has agreed to allow the State Bank of India and ICICI Bank to launch full banking operations in the South-East Asian ...
Claiming that no bank in the world could match it in quick decision making, State Bank of India today said it cleared a $1 ...
The US-based private equity fund Newbridge Capital has opted out of the race to acquire a strategic stake in the countrys oldest ...
Indian Bank expects to achieve a credit growth of 25 per cent and a deposit growth 20 per cent in the current financial year to ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has decided to set up a dedicated micro finance division for furthering its aim to develop rural heartlands ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance company has launched the biometric smart cards for their rural policyholders to pay ...
Claiming that no bank in the world could match its speed in decision making, O P Bhatt, chairman, State Bank of India (SBI), ...
Move aimed at hedging against rapid currency appreciation.

More American homeowners are missing mortgage payments, pushing defaults on privately insured home loans up 30 per cent last ...
Sales of securities backed by assets, including mortgages, may shrink by as much as 50 per cent in Europe next year because the ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) depend excessively on their interest income compared to their peers in the private sector as their ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed Germanys Deutsche Bank to set up a non-banking finance company (NBFC) to undertake ...
Kolkata-based Uco Bank is planning to reduce its Rs 800 crore equity base by converting a part of it into preference shares.
If ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest public sector bank, will finalise a partner for its proposed general insurance ...
Indias forex market may be minuscule when compared with developed economies such as the US and the UK, but government efforts to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has not set any timeframe for the merger of its associates with itself.
While the progress of the ...
Citigroup Inc and UBS AG, the largest banks in the US and Europe, said writedowns sparked by the US subprime mortgage meltdown ...
Retail boom, low interest rates fuel the rise in the year ended March 2007.

Karnataka Bank is planning to raise fresh capital to augment its capital adequacy ratio and fund its expansion plans.The ...
Life insurance company Max New York Life (MNYL) and the District Cooperative Central Bank Limited (DCCB) of Mahabubnagar in ...
The Delhi State Consumer Commission has slapped a penalty of Rs 1 lakh on a private sector bank for lapses in finalising the ...
Liquidity: In abundance
First half of 2007-08 sees big slump, festival season fails to bring cheer.

Allahabad Bank has launched a festival season offer, slashing interest rates on housing loans up to 0.75% per annum.It ...
State Bank of India, the countrys biggest lender, today became the first public sector bank to touch a market capitalisation of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will have to raise vigilance to effectively deal with the uncertainty in the global financial ...
The rupee fell sharply against the dollar today on a sudden spurt in dollar demand from government-owned banks, presumably on ...
The countrys current account deficit during April-June 2007 widened marginally to $4.70 billion from $4.57 billion a year ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will lend another $1-1.5 billion to Tata Steel UK to enable the Tata group to refinance a part of the ...
Need for funds slows as credit offtake till mid-Sept crawls to just 9% of annual target.

In the first-ever case of its kind, ICICI Bank has compensated the families of its two borrowers who allegedly died due to ...
The countrys largest private general insurer ICICI Lombard has bagged a contract from the railways to provide personal accident ...
Insurance companies, which accounted for a bulk of the total Rs 13,400 crore ($3.35 billion) invested by domestic institutional ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is in favour of a domestic card payment settlement company to rival the global payment majors ...
Max New York Life Insurance Company plans to infuse Rs 200 crore capital in 2007-08 to sustain growth in business and expand ...
Mumbai-based Union Bank of India has decided to put in place a fast track promotion policy up to the rank of assistant general ...
The government is keen on moving ahead with the implementation of the Percy Mistry report on making Mumbai an international ...
An outflow of around $1-2 billion over the next few days after the allotment of equity shares in state-owned Power Grid ...
ICICI Bank said its year-old private-banking unit in Dubai has attracted at least $300 million of money from the Persian Gulf to ...
ICICI Bank, Indias biggest lender to consumers, had its bonds rise after a debt sale yesterday boosted funding by $2 billion, ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has constituted a 10-member committee to examine issues concerning the ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) aims to disburse Rs 150 crore, through two property fairs, SBI Home Loan Mahotsav, at City Centre ...
Dena Bank, a public sector bank, plans to raise funds in the third quarter of the financial year either through upper Tier - II ...
Max New York Life Insurance Company Ltd is looking to double its new business premium by the end of 2007, having achieved a 100 ...
Mysore will join 10 other districts in Karnataka under the complete financial inclusion, bringing all eligible families in the ...
The board of directors of Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance and Bajaj Allianz General Insurance today announced changes at the top ...
Indias largest private sector bank, ICICI Bank has been granted a full commercial branch (FCB) licence by the Central Bank of ...
Further curbs on overseas borrowings and more easing of capital outflows are expected even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
On the back of robust growth across all insurance segments and strong investment performance, General Insurance Corporation of ...
ICICI Bank, Indias biggest lender to consumers, plans to sell dollar-denominated bonds.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) today increased the individual limit for mutual fund houses on their overseas ...
India's largest private sector bank, ICICI Bank has been granted a full commercial branch (FCB) licence by the Central Bank of ...
The rupee rose 11.6% this year to a nine-year high, the highest since April 1998, a move that would hurt exports from the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today eased overseas investment and loan repayment norms for companies, mutual funds and ...
With Gujarat which enjoys one of the highest per capita incomes in the country, Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd ...
SKS Microfinance, a leading micro-finance institution that provides financial services to the poor, will raise fresh funding from ...
Indias rupee, which reached a nine- year high yesterday, will extend gains by as much as 3.3 percent in a month as lower US ...
Forward contracts for three to five years being struck to curb impact of appreciating rupee.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may cut cash held by lenders for the fourth time this year as currency sales by the central bank ...
The finance ministry is likely to accept Punjab & Sind Banks (PSB) request seeking an interest waiver for a few years on ...
The non-life insurance industry growth was slower at 13 per cent in the first five months of FY08 compared with 20.29 per cent a ...
Takes great leap forward towards capital account convertibility.
The agent from Indias largest life insurance company, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will soon don a new look as ...
Government bond traders, who predicted six of the last seven recessions, say the Federal Reserve will lower interest rates again ...
A US-based private equity fund is close to picking up a minority stake in Angel Infin Private, the holding company of domestic ...
ICICI Bank is expanding its private banking business by adding relationship managers and increasing point of presence in tier II ...
Banks reduced the backlog of unsold corporate debt by 2 per cent in the past two weeks to $370 billion as investor demand for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) along with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the Insurance Regulatory and ...
The Indonesian rupiah rose to an eight-week high against the dollar on speculation investors will buy higher-yielding assets. ...
The fall in the rupee proved to be a short-lived one, as the currency bounced back with a vengeance over the past couple of ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has a strong preference for large cap companies, which are priced higher but are ...
Indian Bank will take a decision on selling some of its sticky assets to Asset Reconstruction Co of India Ltd. if the latter ...
The Hong Kong Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) is beefing up its data tracking infrastructure in India by rolling out ...
Move aimed at stoking falling retail demand.

Loans for purchases of homes and cars are getting cheaper with ICICI Bank, the country's largest retail lender, and Housing ...
ICICI Bank, the largest retail lender, today launched floating interest rate loans for purchase of cars, commercial vehicles, ...
Kakinada Co-operative Town Bank Limited (KCTBL) in East Godavari earned a profit of Rs 2.44 crore during the year 2006-07 as ...
Liquidity: To ease
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would consider last week's Fed rate cut as a relevant input in determining policy, Governor Y V ...
SBI Life Insurance has seen its valuation increase by 33 per cent in just three months.
Similarly, its competitor, ICICI ...
Senior Central government officials, along with capital market regulator Sebi, on Saturday stressed that the transaction cost in ...
Intervention in forex mart keeps rupee at 39.88/90.
India Infrastructure Finance Company today signed a memorandum of understanding with Japans largest bank Sumitomo Mitsui Banking ...
The heat is increasing on those banks using high-handed methods for loan recovery.
The day belonged to the Ambani brothers on the bourses.
The stocks of Mukesh Ambani- and Anil Ambani-owned companies fuelled the ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) is raising around Rs 500 crore through a qualified institutional placement
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) working group has recommended that only financially sound entities should be permitted to ...
Corporate bond issuance are expected to fall to Rs 3,500-4,500 crore in October, almost half of the Rs 9,200 crore issued thus ...
In order to meet capital adequacy norms under Basel II and to support business growth, Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) will raise ...
State Bank of India is targeting new deposits worth Rs 7,000 crore during the current fiscal in Andhra Pradesh.
As of March, our ...
Asian currencies rose, with the Singapore dollar reaching the highest since 1997, on speculation a US interest-rate cut will ease ...
Canara Bank has launched its first mobile biometric ATM to enable people in rural areas have access to banking facilities.
RBI ...
The Reserve Bank of India is (RBI) concerned over banks withdrawing outstanding liability insurance on credit cards with zero ...
Drug exporters send SOS to government, demand urgent bailout.

The rupee appreciated strongly against US currency in morning trades today to rule past 40/$ first time in more than nine years ...
In a good macro environment, government banks offer decent earnings growth (21 per cent over two years) and return on equity ...
The Mumbai-based Development Credit Bank (DCB) plans to open 30 more branches across India by the end of 2008-09 to take the ...
Bankers expect the Reserve Bank of India to soften its view on interest rates in the light of the US Federal rate cut.
Domestic ...
Banks, faced with delays in obtaining a go-ahead to lend to corporates from the latters existing lenders, are forced to hold up ...
Bangalore-based State Bank of Mysore (SBM) today launched e-trading services under which its customers will be able to access ...
Bangalore-based State Bank of Mysore (SBM) on Wednesday launched e-trading services under which its customers will be able to ...
The Berhampur Cooperative Urban Bank, the second oldest cooperative urban bank in the country, has decided to celebrate its ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has sanctioned Rs 52.15 crore to West Bengal under Rural ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has unveiled a scheme called United Swarna Krishi Yojana (USKY) under which loans upto Rs 1 lakh ...
The spot rupee closed at a nine-year high of 40.19/20 after the Sensex rose to a record, stoking optimism that overseas funds ...
The spot rupee today shot up by 20 paise to touch 40.28/29 per dollar, near its nine-year high, on expectations of more capital ...
The Federal Open Market Committee decided today to lower its target for the federal funds rate 50 basis points to 4-3/4 ...
The Federal Reserve on Tuesday cut interest rates by 50 basis points to 4.75% in an aggressive move apparently designed to head ...
Life insurance companies have agreed to give the unit-linked policy buyers a generic benefit illustration indicating annual ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, is likely to merge its seven associate banks with itself by March 31, ...
Gone are the days when you had to wait to get your passbook updated.
Now you can withdraw money and simultenously get your ...
After facing attacks on its website, the Bank of India has shifted website hosting from United States to India in an attempt to ...
Standard Chartered Plc reached an agreement to acquire US-based American Express Bank (AEB) for about $860 million in cash  a ...
Commercial banks, RRBs and cooperative banks have waived interest overdue to the tune of Rs 719.71 crore in Karnataka as on July ...
Standard Chartered Plc today reached an agreement to acquire US-based American Express Bank (AEB) for about $860 million in cash ...
Praveen Kadle, executive director, finance and corporate affairs, Tata Motors has been appointed the managing director of Tata ...
IFCI director Vinayak Chatterjee today resigned from the board over his association with one of the bidders in the stake sale by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is concerned about the possible impact of rising volumes in offshore rupee non-deliverable ...
Forex: Re ends lower
Andhra Bank has raised the interest rate on the certain short-term buckets by up to 200 basis points for large-sized (read bulk) ...
IndusInd Bank is planning to re-balance its retail portfolio by reducing its dependence on vehicle financing on account of the ...
The countrys infrastructure space will be the centre of investors focus over the next few years, with ICICI Bank anticipating a ...
The Supreme Court will give its ruling on whether or not banks can charge a prepayment fee from customers who repay loans ahead ...
The stock of Northern Rock Plc, the UK mortgage lender bailed out by the Bank of England last week, tumbled to a seven-year low ...
Liquidity remains a crucial factor this week.
The market will witness an outflow of around Rs 30,000-35,000 crore through advance ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance is close to getting the coveted Indian Oil Corporations (IOC) account, but other insurers are ...
The finance ministry has prepared guidelines on a Budget proposal to allow corporates to issue bonds in the overseas markets ...
N Balasubramanian, chairman of ailing industrial lender Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI), which is looking for a ...
Sterlite Industries is the only manufacturing company among 10 suitors for the 26 per cent stake in Industrial Finance ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) wants the Reserve Bank of India
(RBI) to allow multiple holding company models in India.
This ...
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is considering forging an alliance with foreign and private banks to reach markets ...
It's bonanza time for Life Insurance Corporation's (LIC) over 200 million policyholders.

The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) had a healthy market share of 74.18% in the last financial year with a premium ...
Public-sector Bank of India, which has formalised an agreement with Dai-Ichi of Japan for setting up a Rs 250-crore life ...
Concerned over the slowdown in the country's industrial production in July, ICICI Bank today said it was a cautionary signal for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may treat banks from Singapore like any other foreign bank and subject them to the rigours of the ...
Nabard, the apex rural development bank in India; Cordaid, a Dutch non-governmental development organization; CEP Investment ...
At a time when all public sector banks are looking at ways to boost their fee income, Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank has decided to ...
After achieving robust financial health in the 90s, the credit quality improvement of Indian companies is showing signs of ...
Fullerton India Credit Company (FICCL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fullerton Financial Holdings of Singapore, is planning to ...
The dollar traded near a record low against the euro on speculation that signs of slowing US economic growth will prompt the ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) would suggest to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that it permit banks to set up intermediate ...
Forex: Re closes at 40.45/46The spot rupee opened stronger at 40.41/42 after closing on Wednesday at 40.44/45 to a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has warned banks against competing to lend to top-rated corporates under the Basel-II regime, ...
The banking sector in India is highly fragmented, with 53 domestic banks accounting for about 93 per cent of the assets. ...
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB), the largest non-schedule cooperative urban bank in Andhra Pradesh, will open a branch in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may treat banks from Singapore like any other foreign bank and subject them to the rigours of the ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
Alan Greenspan trusted his instincts.
Ben Bernanke trusts the MAQS.
For the past several days, the MAQS
- a group of ...
DBS Group Holdings Islamic banking unit plans to expand from its Singapore base into the Persian Gulf this year to target the $1 ...
A change in the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) interest rate policy could change only after the current inflation rate was ...
Rupee rose to the highest in more than a month on speculation that banks will buy the currency to boost cash before corporate ...
Individuals may soon get to invest in overseas commodity and equity derivatives.
The slump in demand for loans could have implications for banks in managing their bad loans portfolio.
The high credit offtake ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, plans to raise Rs 10,000 crore through an equity by December 2007.

CLICK HERE FOR VIDEOA ...
ICICI Bank today said it has collaborated with vPost - an e-commerce site in South East Asia run by Singapore Post, for an ...
Demand at a sale of 35-year UK bonds fell to the lowest in more than two years as investors bet the Bank of England is starting ...
The rupee rose to the highest in more than a month on speculation capital flows from overseas will increase as growth in Asias ...
The banking sector in India is highly fragmented, with 53 domestic banks accounting for about 93 per cent of the systems assets. ...
Soon after taking over as the chairman and managing director of Kolkata-based UCO Bank, SK Goel gave a call to all ...
Malaysias ringgit declined for a third day after the US central bank officials indicated the worlds biggest economy is slowing, ...
Foreign exchange: Re ends at 40.56
Axis Bank, erstwhile UTI Bank, has tied up with Banque Privee Edmond de Rothschild Europe to offer wealth management services to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) on Tuesday launched its scheme of retail sale of gold coins/ingots to the public at 15 branches in ...
Failed wrestlers and goons are an integral part of the countrys sophisticated financial sector.
They are used in large numbers ...
The government may amend banking regulations in order to enable the formation of a holding company to own its shareholding in ...
Carlyle Group, the private-equity firm run by David Rubenstein, raised $3 billion to invest in US office buildings, hotels and ...
The government may not impose any cap on the amount of funds raised through the issuance of exchangeable bonds.

The total life insurance market premiums is likely to more than double from the current $40 billion to $80-$100 billion by 2012, ...
The life insurance venture floated jointly by Canara Bank, HSBC Insurance (Asia-Pacific) Holdings and Oriental Bank of Commerce ...
Asian currencies declined on signs that investors are cutting risk and exiting emerging markets on concern the US economy, the ...
State-run UCO Bank expects the government to clear its capital restructuring plan in the next two months, Chairman and Managing ...
Even as the market remains uncertain on the outlook of the rupee interest rates, a sharp decline in the overnight interest rate ...
Forex: Inflows dent Re gainsEven though the equity market remained flat, the spot rupee, which opened at 40.75/76, ...
ICICI Bank needs to raise over $6 billion (Rs 244 billion) overseas in the current financial year to fund its international ...
Will the US Federal Reserve cut its key rate to salvage an economy that could well be slipping into a slowdown or will the ...
The government may review the curbs imposed on external commercial borrowings (ECBs), which restricted the use of funds above $20 ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest lender, has come to Tata Steels aid for completing the fund-raising for its ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has appointed US-based consultancy firm , Wright Management Grow, to groom 300 employees in the scale-4 and ...
Rupee: gaining strength
The aggressive growth in retail housing loan portfolio is likely to hit the capital adequacy of Indian banks under the Basel II ...
The recent surge notwithstanding, the rupee is likely to weaken to 41 per dollar by September 30, the last day of the ...
India would become the third largest market for domestic credit in the world by 2040, according to Pricewaterhouse Coopers(PwC), ...
In an effort to expedite the recovery of bank loans in government sponsored programmes, the Orissa government is considering to ...
Move aimed at aligning regulations for such loans with ECB norms
ICICI Lombard has emerged as the lowest bidder for the prestigious Railways passenger cover policy for 2007-08 ahead of its ...
The Reserve Bank's tight monetary policy is likely to bring down the profitability of banks by 20 basis points during the current ...
Blackstone, JC Flower, Fortress, Temasek and 3i in talks with LIC
The expansion plans of Dhanalakshmi Bank, based in Thrissur, Kerala, have hit a roadblock.

The insurer rethinks its distribution strategy and plans to rely equally on the agent network as well as on bancassurance.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would use monetary policy to address longer-term structural supply bottlenecks, as persisting ...
Y V Reddy, Governor, Reserve Bank of India
(RBI), today reiterated the growth story of India."There is growing evidence ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined marginally ($2 million) to $228.847 billion for the week ended August 31, according to data ...
Mumbai-based IT company Mastek proposes to raise close to Rs 150 crore ($30 million) through the issue of overseas convertible ...
Sales of asset-backed securities and other structured bonds in Asia outside Japan rose 14 percent to $29.1 billion in the first ...
Lower rates (especially wholesale) and non performing loans (NPLs) in consumer credit category are likely to be themes for the ...
OIS and corporate bonds: Swap yields come off
Asian currencies gained on speculation the regions economies are resilient enough to weather the crisis in credit markets.
Most ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab (CKoP), post its merger with Kerala-based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB), plans to leverage LKBs large branch ...
Rising defaults, confined till recently to housing loans, personal loans and loans to small and medium enterprises (SMEs), have ...
International rating agency, Moodys Investors Service, said that contrary to the slowdown seen in 2006, securitisation issuances ...
Debt fund managers are sitting on a cash level of around 20 per cent in their liquid plans, anticipating huge redemptions by ...
The Bank of England left the benchmark interest rate unchanged at a six-year high, saying its trying to determine whether a ...
Indian Banks Association (IBA) has decided to back ICICI Bank and State Bank of Indias (SBI) proposals to float an intermediate ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the countrys largest financial services firm, has finalised GE Money India, a ...
Reliance Communications (RCom) today announced the launch of money  transfer  through mobile phones across the country ...
Bangalore-based Canara Bank is considering selling a stake in its venture capital subsidiary, Canbank Venture Funds, which ...
Life insurers have declined to provide cover to a total of 80,000 individuals since 2003, mostly because they suppressed ...
Ratings agency, Standard & Poors has said the global debt markets are in the midst of a jarring repricing of risk, with $500 ...
International rating agency, Moodys Investors Service, said the volatility in credit markets following the sub-prime meltdown in ...
The world's 300 largest pension funds controlled $10.4 trillion in assets in 2006, 12 percent more than the year before and ...
Asian currencies gained, led by the South Korean won and the Philippine peso, as overseas investors increased their appetite for ...
Corporate bonds: Firms rush to raise funds
The Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India Ltd (ECGC) is set to provide credit insurance cover to companies in the domestic ...
The rise in interest rates has made the Hyderabad-based Andhra Bank to put on hold its proposal to raise over Rs 400 crore ...
State Bank of Indias (SBI) top brass and its middle management will camp at a resort in the suburbs here to chalk out a strategy ...
A risk on the horizon for some Asian ex-Japan economies is inflation.
In 2008, inflation
in China, India, Hong Kong and Singapore ...
Asian currencies fell, led by the Philippine peso, as losses related to US mortgages curbed investor appetite for emerging-market ...
About 13 per cent of the funds remitted by non-resident Indians (NRIs) in 2006 were invested in equity and real estate.
While 20 ...
Forex: Dull times
The government is unlikely to cut the size of the borrowing plan for the second half of the current financial year 2007-08, ...
Certificates of deposit issuances continued to flood the short-term debt market as banks raised funds ahead of advance tax ...
Prudential Plc, the UK.s second- biggest insurer, expects the share of revenue it gets from Asia to rise from the current 55 ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank in India, today signed agreements with 28 banks for $1.5 billion three-tranche loans. ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, is likely to reduce interest rates on home loans and other retail loans ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, is likely to reduce interest rates on home loans and other retail loans ...
Tokyo-based Sony Corporation is planning an initial public offering (IPO) of about 332 billion yen ($2.9 billion) of its ...
ICICI Bank, India's second largest lender, has signed a multi-tranche, dual currency $1.5 billion syndication loan agreement in ...
K V Kamath, managing director and CEO, ICICI Bank today said the on-going consolidation exercise of State Bank of India (SBI) ...
The Nashik divisional office of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) plans to sell 4 lakh policies with the first premium of Rs 408 ...
Corporates strike complex forex deals with banks to offset volatility.

Banks are garnering term deposits with a renewed vigour, as such deposits help correct the asset-liability mismatch to some ...
Short-term premium paying insurance products seem to be gaining favour in the Indian life insurance market.
With the booming ...
Asian currencies rose on speculation global investors will increase holdings of the regions assets, betting it can withstand a ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) today said it does not plan to cut home loan rates as of now, a senior company ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has revised the interest rates for FCNR and NRE term deposits with effect from September 2.

Cholamandalam DBS Finance Ltd may look at raising a minimum of Rs 100-150 crore in tier II capital.
Forex: Markets remain dullFollowing holiday in the US markets, the forex market remained dull and lacklustre.
The ...
The extent of the currency effects is relatively small compared with those of other variables, such as the export credit rate or ...
The first woman deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), <b>K J Udeshi</b>, is now the chairperson of the ...
The Mysore division of the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) will go paperless by November-December, enabling customers to access ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance today announced the crossing of two milestones - the 5 million policies-mark, and assets held ...
New India Assurance plans to offer Rs 25 lakh medical cover.
MNCs, local players rush to complement conventional banking.

The United Bank of India (UBI) is all set to implement ATMs with biometric devices as the solution in the ongoing effort to offer ...
With the merger of the State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) with parent State Bank of India (SBI) on card, the former have decided ...
Disha Financial Counselling, an initiative in consumer credit counselling, launched its sixth counselling centre in Hyderabad on ...
General insurance industry clocked business growth of 12.6 per cent during April-July of 2007-08, lower than 23 per cent recorded ...
Liquidity: Set to ease
Indian Overseas Bank hopes to achieve 23 per cent growth of its Orissa business.
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan said policy makers aim to limit swings in the rupees exchange rate to help ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will launch an exclusive group insurance scheme for its confirmed agent base, ...
Public sector insurance major Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is all set to foray into the growing credit card market ...
Shri Mahila Sewa Sahakari Bank Ltd (SEWA Bank) in association with Solar Electric Light Company (Selco) on Friday launched a demo ...
The rupee headed for the biggest monthly decline since May 2006 as global funds pared emerging market assets, selling a record ...
Standard & Poors named Deven Sharma to replace Kathleen Corbet as president after lawmakers and investors criticized the ...
Bank of Baroda has cut home loan rates for new borrowers in the hope that it would generate some demand.
The bank has hardly done ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $2.404 billion to $228.849 billion for the week ended August 24, according to data released ...
The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) plans to raise around Rs 89,600 crore as capital fund in the next five ...
Bank to spin off investment banking into wholly owned subsidiary.
RBI may issue floating rate & inflation-indexed bonds.
Indonesias rupiah advanced, snapping a two-day decline, as regional shares rallied.

Banks such as SBI, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and PNB are fundamentally better positioned with higher visibility on earnings growth.
Asia Pacific Carbon Fund, managed by Asian Development Bank, is scouting for renewable energy and energy efficient projects in ...
Banks are making hay while the sun shines.
They have added a whopping Rs 8,400 crore to their deposit base through certificates ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has accorded the first stage of clearance to IDBI-Fortis Life ...
Excess foreign exchange inflows management is proving to be a tough task for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Capital flows in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will conduct an annual review of the payment and settlement systems to ensure that customers ...
Inflationary pressure continues to haunt the Reserve Bank of India.
The continued rise in the consumer price inflation over the ...
The Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) plans to make a pan-India presence by opening 35 more branches this year, an official said.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said financial stability in India could assume greater importance in coming months amid fears ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fears that greater global credit tightening could emerge from the US subprime mortgage market ...
Surprised by the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBIs) discussion paper suggesting holding company structure for banking groups, the ...
Former President APJ Abdul Kalam has called upon banks to reach out to the poor, especially in rural areas.

Chennai-based Indbank Merchant Banking Services Limited (Indbank), a subsidiary of Indian Bank, is set to enter the insurance ...
The stringent prudential norms clamped for calibrating (read slow down) growth in advances in areas like real estate and personal ...
Indian commercial banks have expressed inability to bear huge burden of over Rs 26,000 crore emerging from bank unions demand to ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank has revalued its 64 real estate properties across the country, after a gap of 12 years, to shore up ...
Insurer divides country into three zones with varying premiums.
The character of public sector banks and their relationship with the government could undergo a change as and when the Reserve ...
Extracts from the Reserve Bank of Indias discussion paper on holding companies in banking groups:
Banks and mutual funds stepped up their investment in primary issuances as the rates moved up by 5-10 basis points, dealers said. ...
Bank of India grooms assistant general managers to take over reins.

Asian currencies fell with South Koreas won declining by the most in more than a week, on speculation overseas investors are ...
Whether the ECB hikes rates on September 6 probably depends on market developments.
We now see dented confidence, tighter credit ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) pointed out that its prior approval was essential for appointment, ...
Close on the heels of Power Finance Corporation, Indian Railway Finance Corporation ( IRFC) is understood to have dropped its ...
The euro, battered by the dollar since reaching a record a month ago, may climb to new highs this year as U.S. central bankers ...
Wary financial markets awaited a public appearance by European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet on Monday after a German ...
Not since 1995 have so many chief executive officers of so many financial firms and their insiders bought so many shares in their ...
Subprime crisis prompts major firms to consider raising funds via this route.

City Union Bank (CUB), one of the oldest scheduled commercial banks in the private sector with a significant presence in the ...
General insurers dont expect a further reduction in premium rates for fire and engineering covers when the regulator removes the ...
Canara Bank will increase its holding in Can Fin Homes (Canfin), a housing finance company, to 51 per cent from about 30 per cent ...
JRG Securities, Kochi-based financial services provider, has announced to launch a non-banking financial subsidiary in ...
Asian currencies rose, led by South Koreas won, as investors bought emerging-market assets after concerns eased that US subprime ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today approved the merger of Kerala-based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) with Centurion Bank of Punjab ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has suggested a holding company structure for banking groups in which banks do not own any ...
Insurance regulator IRDA today said that insurance companies can neither terminate nor appoint chief executives and directors ...
The board of directors Canara Bank, which met recently, approved a proposal to make an open offer for Can Fin ...
The global money transfer services provider, Western Union company, claims to be in a comfortable position in India and does not ...
State Bank of Saurashtra first to merge with SBI
European Union regulators extended an examination of credit rating companies' role in helping create "structured finance'' ...
Union Bank of India will finalise a foreign partner for setting up an asset management company in the next six months.
The bank ...
The government is planning to bring a new law to regulate credit card payment.
While replying to a question regarding credit card ...
Global ratings agency, Standard & Poors today said Asian economies would be able to weather the current turmoil in the ...
Forex reserves declined $2.551 billion to $226.445 billion during the week ended August 17, according to data released by the ...
The central government is planning to introduce a bill to empower the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to regulate and oversee various ...
Bank of America (BofA) has the right to match any buy-out offer for Countrywide Financial, according to a report on the website ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued revised priority sector guidelines for regional rural banks (RRBs) to increase lending ...
DBS Indias profits has risen 360 per cent to Rs 74 crore as on March 31, 2007 against Rs 16 crore in the corresponding period ...
The Reserve Bank of India today announced that the Clearing Corporation of India (CCIL) would launch a trade reporting platform ...
In their first step towards introducing a pension scheme based on defined contribution, public sector banks have in-principle ...
Tightening financial conditions have set the stage for early Fed easing.
Outside the US, there is no longer expectation of the ...
Syndicate Bank is firming up plans to raise $125 million in the current fiscal through innovative perpetual bonds to boost its ...
Bank of Rajasthan Limited (BOR) is considering a multi-pronged approach to enhance its capital base.BM Sharma, managing director ...
The rising cost of credit took its toll on Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., Accredited Home Lenders Holding Co. and HSBC Holdings ...
The UK-headquartered Standard Chartered will acquire 49 per cent stake in UTI Securities for Rs 147 crore from Securities Trading ...
Bonds/papers of Tata Motors, Reliance, SBI, ICICI and others turn illiquid in international markets.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), South Central zone, expects to sell 1 million policies of its newly launched Fortune ...
Bank of Japan (BOJ) today said the economy is "expanding moderately," signalling policy makers are confident that a global credit ...
Bank of America Corporation bought $2 billion preferred stock from Countrywide Financial Corporation to stabilise the nation's ...
In crisis, Indian promoter told to provide financial support.
IndusInd Bank, a private sector bank, has exited the personal loans business.
It has decided to offer personal loans only to ...
The Indonesian rupiah and Philippine peso, among currencies in Asia that offer the highest yields, rose as gains in global stocks ...
The 10-year bonds rose for a third day as a decline in oil prices stoked speculation inflation will slow.
Bond yields fell to the ...
The Kerala High Court today dismissed a petition filed by Umesh V Pai, a shareholder of Kochi-based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB), ...
Move to shore up the bank's capital adequacy.

Indian Bank, Visakhapatnam zone, expects a 57 per cent growth in net profits during this fiscal at Rs 11.80 crore from Rs 7.5 ...
To double disbursements.
The Indian banking system is unlikely to be affected by the sub-prime lending crisis in the US, but banks may face problems on ...
Time is not yet ripe for a full-scale merger and consolidation of public sector banks on commercial lines.
Whatever is happening ...
A further liberalisation in the foreign direct investment (FDI) regulations for the insurance sector has effectively happened ...
Bank of India (BoI) will revamp its low key credit card operations
to increase retail banking operations.
It is exploring an ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank in the country, has signed a $200 million line of credit with Korean Eximbank to ...
Societe Generale, one of the leading financial services companies in Europe, is bullish on India in the private banking space. ...
Forex: Re opens upTracking the global markets that recovered following the decision of Federal Reserve to cut discount ...
Canara Bank has launched two new schemes for their High Networth Individuals  SB Gold (Savings Bank) and Can-Premium Current ...
Indias credit bureau, set up by Citigroup Inc, ICICI Bank Ltd and other lenders, will begin grading 100 million borrowers from ...
SBI Life Insurance will revamp its offerings in the credit life range by bringing all retail loans under one umbrella, said ...
Chidambaram clears holding company for insurance & mutual fund subject to RBI clearance.
The co-operative banking sector in Gujarat seems to be on the growth trajectory testified by the leading co-operative bank being ...
Central Bank of India listed at Rs 130 - a 27.5% premium to its issue price of Rs 102 per share.
The stock touched a high ...
Move to increase transparency and understanding of unit-linked products.
SBI Life insurance company has seen its valuation increase nearly four-fold in the last six months to $4.5 billion from $1.2 ...
The current domestic and global macro conditions remind us of the 1993-1996 cycle.
Like in this cycle, unusually low global ...
A prolonged global liquidity crunch may affect the Indian banks growth and capital expansion plans in 2007-08 and beyond.
The ...
A 30 per cent annual growth in bank credit for the last three years plus hardening interest rates are likely to grow the quantum ...
The New York-headquartered Lehman Brothers has picked up 26 per cent stake in ECL Finance, the non-banking finance company of ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has decided to set up a Farmers' Training Centre (FTC) in Orissa.

United Bank of India today launched the first bank-promoted training institute in eastern India at Rajpur in 24-Parganas (South) ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) is all set to announce its entry into the micro finance market by opening a branch in Dadiapada, ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), is planning to set up branches at Moscow, Singapore and Bahrain.
Hyderabad-based Andhra Bank was scouting for strategic partners to foray in life insurance sector by the end of the financial ...
The liquidity in the market continues to remain a problem this week as well.
Till the meltdown in the global equity market ...
Fullerton India Credit Company, a subsidiary of Temasek, is planning a big push in lending to the low-income group, a sub-prime ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank, is betting big on merger and acquisition financing.
In calendar year 2007 thus far, ...
Nearly two months after first rejecting it, the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) today recommended for approval ICICI ...
The rupee faced its biggest weekly fall since May 2004 on continued selling of equities by foreign funds, particularly hedge ...
The rupee faced its biggest weekly fall since May 2004 on continued selling of equities by foreign funds, particularly hedge ...
The US Federal Reserve, in an unscheduled announcement, cut its discount rate and said it is prepared to take further actions to ...
Nearly two months after first rejecting it, the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) today recommended for approval ICICI ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $346 million to $228.996 billion for the week ended August 10, according to data released by ...
Irda bans unit-linked insurance plans which charges are based on complex structure.
United Bank of India today launched the first bank-promoted training institute in eastern India at Rajpur in 24-Parganas (South) ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) is all set to announce its entry into the micro finance market by opening a branch in Dadiapada, ...
Hyderabad-based Andhra Bank was scouting for strategic partners to foray in life insurance sector by the end of the financial ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), is planning to set up branches at Moscow, Singapore and Bahrain.
With Indian banks going global they are increasingly getting conscious of implementing anti-money laundering (AML) techniques.
Market participants and regulators seem to be divided in their views on the revival of the interest rate futures market.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is looking at positioning itself as a strong player in the Indo-Gangetic belt, with major thrust on ...
Union Bank of India will bring banking services to the doorsteps of over 2.5 lakh hawkers in Mumbai by partnering with their ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the third largest public sector bank, is reviewing the shareholding patterns of all its existing ...
Indias rupee, Asias top-performing currency, may weaken 2 per cent by year-end as global funds reduce holdings in emerging ...
ICICI Bank has made inroads into the complex world of financial derivatives, which till not long ago was the exclusive domain of ...
Kochi-based Federal Bank will launch gold bullion trading on Chingam 1, the Malayalam New Year (August 17). The bank will ...
IRDA has directed Aviva Life Insurance and Bajaj Allianz Life to withdraw their unit-linked insurance products (ULIP), where ...
The spot rupee dropped over 60 paise today to close at 41.37 per dollar on subprime woes.Widening cracks in global credit ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) may complete the rating of 720 small and medium enterprises before ...
Investments envisaged in 2006-07 were up by 60.2 per cent.
Asian currencies declined on speculation losses from US subprime mortgages are leading global investors to cut holdings in ...
Gilts: Slack volumes on fund concernsApprehending the concerns on liquidity, trading in government securities market ...
Realigning its interest rates to market rates, Punjab National Bank (PNB) today hiked interest on fixed deposits by 25 to 125 ...
An economists forum is being set up at the Indian Banks Association (IBA) to help removing the disconnect between commercial ...
Realigning its interest rates to market rates, Punjab National Bank (PNB) today hiked interest rates on fixed deposits by 25 to ...
In a clear sign that the scramble for cash was easing, the Bank of Japan (BOJ) today drained 1.6 trillion yen ($13.6 billion) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said 1,054 companies had sanctioned projects in the pipeline totalling Rs 2,83,400 crore in ...
Banks tightened lending standards on non-traditional and subprime mortgage loans in the US, according to The July 2007 Senior ...
Pandiyan Grama Bank (PGB), a regional rural bank headquartered at Virudhunagar, has signed an MoU with Maruti Udyog Limited to ...
Tata Capital and Tata Investments would jointly pick up a 4.5 per cent stake in Development Credit Bank (DCB) for around Rs 85 ...
DBRS, a Canada-based rating agency, has decided to set up operations in India and is working towards making its brand a familiar ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) have asked the Centre to intervene as talks with bank unions for allowing half of their employees a ...
The South Korean won rose after the government sought to soothe investors concerns about the spread of the US subprime mortgage ...
Corporate bonds and OIS: CDs galore
The State Bank of Hyderabad, which planned a public offer during the second quarter of the current fiscal, has put on hold its ...
State-owned term-lending institution, IFCI Ltd, today kicked off the process to sell 26 per cent stake to a strategic investor.
The borrowings of the erstwhile Industrial Credit and Investment Corporation of India (ICICI) are still haunting ICICI Bank. ...
Banks tightened lending standards on non-traditional and subprime mortgage loans in the US, according to The July 2007 Senior ...
The State Bank of Hyderabad, which planned a public offer of shares around the second quarter of the current fiscal, has put on ...
The Japan Bank of International Corporation (JBIC), a leading Japanese financial institution, has come forward with a plan in the ...
IFCI today kicked off the process to sell 26% stake to a strategic investor.The Delhi-based financial institution today ...
Asian central banks took further steps on Monday to calm markets roiled by fears over a credit squeeze with Bank of Japan ...
The Kerala High Court has asked the Reserve Bank of India to consider the representation by A T Jacob, a shareholder of ...
Liquidity: External, internal issues fuelling concern
Remittances towards gifts and donations have been brought under the ambit of remittance scheme of individuals up to $1,00,000.
Insurance agents of all life insurance companies selling unit linked insurance plans (Ulips) will now show rate of returns ...
Max New York Life, one of the leading insurance companies in India launched its operation in Jammu and Kashmir by opening its ...
The Orissa government has decided to amend various principles and laws of co-operative as per the recommendations of Vaidyanathan ...
As part of efforts to flush out excess foreign capital, Reserve Bank has allowed resident Indians to open accounts in banks ...
Credit cards will now pinch your pockets more as leading banks have hiked the rate of interest charged on card dues by 1-3% per ...
Bank of India (BoI) today reduced interest rates on its domestic rupee term deposits.The rates have been reduced for ...
Should the US Federal Reserve help bail out billionaire hedge fund managers and millionaire traders - the very people who bought ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank in India, will continue with its $1.5 billion overseas loan borrowing despite the ...
Triggered by the concern over global liquidity, foreign banks today tapped the term money market aggressively to raise six-month ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $3.992 billion to $229.342 billion for the week ended August 3, according to data released by ...
The US Federal Reserve today added $19 billion of temporary reserves to the banking system through 3-day repurchase agreements to ...
Centrum Group, which provides structured financial solutions in the area of fund raising, infrastructure development, government ...
Public sector banks are likely to see an increase in their level of bad loans over the next three years to 4-5.5 per cent from ...
The Indonesian rupiah and the Philippine peso fell as investors cut emerging market holdings after two European banks reported ...
Munich Re, the worlds second-biggest reinsurer after Swiss Re, plans to tap Indias growing insurance market in a bid to reverse ...
The Federal Reserve trails other central banks in openness, hamstringing it in times of market turmoil, and may not catch up even ...
After comics, short films, CDs and FM radio programmes are on the cards.

The European Central Bank (ECB) injected 94.841 billion euros ($129.65 billion) into euro-zone money markets today to help calm ...
BNP Paribas SA, France's biggest bank, halted withdrawals from three investment funds because it couldn't "fairly" value their ...
In a bid to improve the operational efficiency and the quality of the management systems of the urban co-operative banks (UCBs) ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Ltd, headquartered in Bangalore, expects to capture a 2 per cent share of the insurance market ...
Punjab National Bank has deferred its plan to hike deposit rates and will review them in 15-30 days, Chairman and Managing ...
Apollo Hospitals Group and DKV, Europes largest private health insurer and a Munich Re Group company, today launched Indias ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) move to curb companies from bringing home overseas funds is probably one of the few weapons the ...
The curbs on external commercial borrowings will affect banks' overseas borrowings for funding domestic credit demand.
Banks will ...
Banks anticipate a further rise in interest rates on loans to corporates as curbs on companies' overseas borrowings diverts ...
The rupee, which had risen about 10 per cent this year, fell to its lowest in over a month after the Centre placed curbs on ...
UTI International, a 100 per cent subsidiary of UTI Asset Management Company (AMC), and Shinsei bank of Japan, today signed a ...
Crisis spreads from US to EUROPE.
The rupee fell to a low of Rs 40.81 per dollar in intra-day trade on concerns over slowing capital inflows following stringent ...
The spot rupee opened at 40.75/76, and fell to a low of 40.81 to a dollar on Wednesday in reaction to the governments decision ...
The rupee slipped to its lowest level in over a month in early trades after the government yesterday stepped in to check foreign ...
Frank Hancock, managing director, ABN Amro Asia Corporate Finance, is based in New Delhi.
But he travels very often to ...
The Centre is planning to raise the ceiling on foreign equity holding in public sector banks to enable them to mop up the ...
The proposed full pricing freedom to general insurers will have to wait till November 1 this year.
At a meeting with the ...
ICICI Bank today reduced interest rates on deposits of value less than Rs 15 lakh by 25-50 basis points for select maturities ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has begun taking steps to build a strong derivatives business, which is currently dominated by foreign ...
Liquidity: In surplus
Asian currencies rose, led by the Philippine peso, on speculation foreign investors purchased emerging market shares following a ...
Vijaya Bank is likely to explore the possibility of acquiring a bank with a large number of branches in north India by 2009, ...
Standard Chartered Banks India operations has posted a 50 per cent rise in net profit to $320 million in the first half of 2007 ...
The rupee is likely to fall sharply tomorrow in a knee-jerk reaction to the governments decision to tighten external commercial ...
The government today stepped in to check foreign currency inflows by putting stiff restrictions on overseas borrowings, a measure ...
ICICI Bank today reduced interest rates on deposits of value less than Rs 15 lakh by 25-50 basis points for select maturities ...
Indias local currency bonds will keep a non-investment rating as the government isnt reducing its budget deficit fast enough, ...
Canara Bank, with the objective to serve rural areas, launched Canara Gramin Vikas Vahini scheme in Lucknow today.

Asian currencies declined, led by the Indonesian rupiah, on speculation that investors are cutting holdings in the region as ...
Canara Bank will launch a set of new products before the month end.

Kicking off the festival season, the State Bank of Travancore (SBT) is offering Onam festival concessions of 0.50 per cent on ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has extended its internal communication exercise to its employees in Karnataka.

New India Assurance Company, the countrys largest general insurance company, more than doubled its net profit to Rs 1,459.95 ...
ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank in India, has raised yen-denominated loans equivalent to $1.5 billion from 10 foreign ...
Dena Bank, a small public sector bank, is working to meet the Basel II revised capital adequacy norms by March 2008, a year ahead ...
United Kingdoms second largest insurer, Royal & SunAlliance Group (R&SA) is bullish on India.
It expects the share of ...
Bank realigns interest rates to neutralise CRR hit.
Jaspal Bindra has been appointed director of UK-based Standard Chartered Bank.
Jaspal will continue to be based in Singapore in ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today announced a reduction as well as hikes in deposit rates based on maturities, which has also been ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has signed MoUs with Mitcon Consultancy Services, Ecosecurities India and Cantor CO2E India for jointly ...
Bangalore-based Real Estate Bank International (REBI) has drawn out an ambitious expansion plan for Rajasthan.
REBI offers all ...
The Kakinada zone of Andhra Bank registered 40.64 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, at Rs 26.23 ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank Limited is aiming to achieve Rs 8,000 crore business by the end of this fiscal.
The bank's total business as on ...
Liquidity: In comfort zone
In a massive push for cashless transaction, State Bank of India, the countrys largest bank, plans to increase the number of its ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector bank in the country, is gearing up to enter the investment banking business.
The ...
It was a disappointing week for equity investors.
The markets opened on Monday at 15,278 points and closed on Friday at 15,138 ...
Any relief due to a possible reduction in the interest rates is out for the consumer.
Last week, the Reserve Bank of India's ...
Ahmedabad-based, non-banking finance company, MAS Financial Services Ltd, a specialised retail financing organisation will set up ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, plans to sell up to 10 per cent stake in its proposed holding company ...
Gujarat has been a hub of equity investors and the State Bank of India (SBI) hit a jackpot with its IPO finance product in ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, plans to sell up to 10 per cent stake in its proposed holding company ...
State Bank India plans to issue 1 crore Tiny Smart Cards to extend its banking facility to 1 lakh villages in the next two years. ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), the refinancing and regulatory authority of housing finance companies in India, is of the opinion ...
Over 8,100 employees of State Bank of India across Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Chandigarh would ...
The banking sector witnessed another robust quarter during the period ended June 2007, with their growth in bottom lines rising ...
Foreign institutional investors unlikely to get a look-in.
The Centre has decided to withdraw finance ministry officials from the management committees of public sector banks.
The ...
Reliance General Insurance, a part of the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, grew its business through aggressive strategies ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has shortlisted three foreign insurers for inducting one of them as a joint ...
State Bank of India has firmed up plans to launch a separate holding company for its life insurance and mutual fund management ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has lined up measures to revive the agri-clinics initiative that failed due to lack of ...
State Bank of India (SBI), after over a decade of witnessing a decline, increased its market share in deposits from 14.91 per ...
Forex market
Foreign and private banks sold dollars to raise rupee resource so as to remain comfortable on rupee liquidity fearing a hike in ...
Tuesdays announcement by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that it would tighten liquidity and re-emphasize its anti-inflationary ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank promoter pares holding.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram advised public sector banks not to raise their lending rates following the increase in cash ...
Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank has cloaked a net profit of Rs 6.05 crore for the quarter-ended June 30, as against Rs 3.06 ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) has reported 20 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 15.09 crore for the quarter-ended June 30, compared ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company will be focussing on health insurance in a major way.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to sanction higher capital market exposure limits to banks which are closer to ...
The healthcare insurance industry is suffering losses of upto Rs 600 crore annually, on false claims every year, according to a ...
A day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised the cash reserve ratio (CRR) to suck out excess liquidity, Finance Minister P ...
India's central bank is likely to stop the rupee's rally at 40 against the dollar after signaling yesterday that it will mop up ...
The money and government securities market reeled under bearish sentiments following concerns on the state of liquidity in the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will decide in the next two months whether to go for a rights issue or public offer for ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEORBI ...
Cash reserve ratio at 7%; Reverse repo cap lifted.

Indian Bank is gearing up to meet Basel II norms and the initiatives are expected to culminate before October 2007.

The monetary policy has bad news for hedge funds
and private equity (PE) funds.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today expressed ...
Checks on the large capital flows could be on the anvil as the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) today said its inflation target for ...
Thiruvananthapuram-headquartered State Bank of Travancore (SBT) will launch a 'Cash Back Plus Offer' to its debit card holders ...
Checks on large capital flows could be on the anvil as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said its inflation target for ...
Banks would maintain their lending rates at the current elevated levels while hastening the process of correcting the unusually ...
The 50 basis points hike in cash reserve ratio (CRR) to 7% by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its quarterly policy review is ...
Industry chambers expressed concern on the hike in cash reserve ratio (CRR) by 50 basis points announced by the Reserve Bank of ...
Any hopes of interest rates softening in the near-term have dissipated with the 50bps hike in cash reserve ratio (CRR) effected ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
The rupee rallied sharply today on buying by global investors as the Reserve Bank of India lifted the daily borrowing limit for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has urged banks, financial institutions and corporates to gear up their risk mitigation ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will endeavour to contain inflation close to 5% in 2007-08, and to the range of 44.5%  over ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), for policy purposes, has retained the real GDP growth expectation at 8.5% "barring domestic or ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today hiked the cash reserve ratio (CRR) by 50bps to 7% from 6.5%  effective August ...
Liquidity management is expected to top the agenda in the first quarter review of the monetary policy by the Reserve Bank of ...
Liquidity management is expected to top the agenda in the first quarter review of the monetary policy by the Reserve Bank of ...
P Jayendra Nayak, a former bureaucrat, moved to UTI Bank as a director in 1999.
Today, the bank under his leadership has ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), a state-owned lender, said the first-quarter profit rose 48 per cent on higher credit demand ...
Syndicate Bank, backed by a smart 8 per cent increase in net interest income, has reported a 22 per cent rise in net profit to Rs ...
Vijaya Bank, backed by strong cash recoveries, has registered a growth of 53.31 per cent in its net profit to Rs 111.35 crore in ...
Andhra Bank has reported a 21.2 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 141.09 crore for the quarter ended June 2007 compared with ...
Three foreign private equity funds - Hong Kong-based AIF Capital, Gartmore, London-based independent asset manager with $50 ...
UTI Bank
has become Axis Bank.
The Registrar of Companies (RoC) today issued a fresh certificate of incorporation to the bank in ...
The Reserve Bank of India on Monday said inflation has been contained by interest rate increases and import duty cuts in the ...
Three foreign private equity funds, AIF Capital, Gartmore and Siguler Guff, have together picked up a 14% stake in Thrissur-based ...
Rising home loan rates and a recent surge in stock markets are weaning away household savings from the life insurance industry, ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today reported a 48% increase in net profit at Rs 139.18 crore for the first quarter ended June ...
UTI Bank has changed its name to Axis Bank w.e.f today.According to a release issued by UTI Bank to the BSE today, ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) task force has suggested that Regional Rural Banks (RRB) lend only 60 per cent to the priority ...
A robust growth on the back of higher income on investments and interest on advances helped Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) post a ...
Liquidity: RBI holds the key
Ahead of the RBI quarterly review of credit policy on Tuesday, there seems to be a consensus among economists that policy rates ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will be closing Money Plus, a unit-linked insurance plan (ULIP), in the first fortnight ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has received capital infusion of Rs 300 crore from its promoters, ICICI Bank and Prudential plc, ...
State Bank of India's (SBI) consolidated net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, zoomed 93.3% to Rs 1,861.66 crore when ...
Indian Overseas Bank Q1 net up 21%
Bank of Baroda Q1 net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, soared 102.6% to Rs 330.84 crore as against Rs 163.32 crore in ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $3.087 billion to $222.043 billion for the week ended July 20, according to data released by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may remove the cap on daily liquidity absorption to modulate excess cash in the banking system ...
A strong growth in fee-based income and advances portfolio helped ING Vysya Bank register a 71.20 per cent rise in net profit to ...
The Chennai-based Shriram City Union Finance posted a net profit increase of 67.9 per cent to Rs 17.31 crore during the first ...
Rating agency Icra Ltd, which got listed in April this year, has registered a net profit of Rs 4.69 crore for the first quarter ...
Government bonds closed up today, snapping a two-day falling streak as banks and primary dealers built positions taking a bullish ...
Dena Banks net profit increased four times in the first quarter of 2007-08 on the back of a robust growth in net interest income ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a penalty of Rs 10 lakh on Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB), a Kerala-based small private ...
Securitised pools of two-wheeler loans and personal loans in India have been struck with rising defaults.
South Canara District Co-operative (SCDCC) Bank Ltd, a premier co-op bank in the state, has become the first bank in the country ...
Yes Banks net profit rose around 125 per cent to Rs 36 crore in the first quarter of the 2007-08 compared with Rs 16.88 crore ...
IndusInd Banks net profit increased by 65 per cent to Rs 13.22 crore in the first quarter of 2007-08 as advances to companies ...
Buoyed by strong growth in interest income and advances portfolio, Canara Bank registered a rise of 26 per cent in its net profit ...
The improvement in pricing of credit and recoveries from non-performing assets helped Bank of India to post 51 per cent growth in ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) reported a 15.7 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 425 crore in the April-June quarter of 2007-08 ...
Bank of Maharashtra (Mahabank) has posted a 33.82 per cent rise in net profit for the first quarter of 2007-08 on the back of a ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) has reported a 38 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 181 crore in the first ...
The Rabobank Group, a Netherlands-based cooperative financial services provider, has changed its India strategy, with plans to ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has registered a 25 per cent growth in net profit in the first quarter ended June ...
Punjab National Bank today reported a 16% rise in net profit at Rs 425.07 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 when compared ...
IndusInd Bank has posted a 62% jump in net profit at Rs 13.22 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 when compared with Rs ...
Canara Bank has recorded a standalone net profit of Rs 240.55 crore during the first quarter ending June 30, 2007 - a growth of ...
United Bank of India(UBI) has unveiled a plan to set up a Rural Development and Self Employment Training Institute(RUDSETI) at ...
Higher growth in interest income and other income helped the Kumbakonam-based City Union Bank post 36.4 per cent rise in profit ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has posted a 25.4 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 88.21 crore during April-June 2007 against Rs ...
Kotak Mahindra Banks net profit rose by 99 per cent to Rs 47.7 crore in the quarter ended June 30 from Rs 23.9 crore a year ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) technical group has suggested that states lay down the maximum interest rates that moneylenders can ...
In a judgement that could lead to hassle-free settlement of insurance claims, the Supreme Court has held that an insurance firm ...
The Karnataka-based Vijaya Bank plans to open full-fledged branches in Hong Kong and Dubai by the end of this fiscal, marking its ...
The rupee closed at a new 9-year high at Rs 40.27 per dollar from Mondays Rs 40.29. The rupee had touched a high of Rs 40.20 in ...
The Ahmedabad-based Kalupur Commercial Co-operative Bank is once again exploring the acquisition route for expansion and has ...
The All India Reserve Bank Employees Association (AIRBEA) held a meeting in Ahmedabad to discuss Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is aiming at a 150 per cent rise in its advances to the small and medium enterprises (SME) segment in ...
Besides Punjab and Haryana another state in the north is harnessing its agriculture potential.

Forex market
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation (DHFL) has registered a 43 per cent rise in net profit for the first quarter of the current ...
Riding on higher interest income on account of robust growth in advances and lower provisioning towards non performing assets and ...
Private equity players in India, triggered by consolidation of domestic businesses, cross-border M&As (merger and ...
In a bid to restructure its capital base and achieve Basel-II compliance, the Kolkata-based Uco Bank may go for a public offer ...
Central bank fears corporate credit is finding its way to the bourses.
The deadline for completing the merger of Mumbai-based Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) and Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) has been ...
Asian currencies fell on speculation overseas investors are selling the regions shares to reduce holdings of riskier assets.
Surplus liquidity in the system and lack of liquidity tightening measures by the RBI buoyed sentiment across markets.

The ICICI Group, the countrys largest private sector financial services provider, has signed agreements with colleges and ...
The government and financial institutions have jointly decided not to appoint more than three directors in any public sector bank ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab reported a 15 per cent rise in net profit in the first quarter of 2007-08, with buoyant growth in other ...
Robust growth in interest on advances and fee-based income helped Union Bank of India to post a 34.94 per cent rise in net profit ...
UTI Bank announced that it has priced its offering of 14.13 million
GDRs, aggregating $218.07 million.

State Bank of India, Life Insurance Corporation of India and UTI Asset Management Company will be the pension fund managers under ...
Due to hardening global interest rates, India is likely to gain $7-8 billion this year on surplus foreign exchange reserves ...
Liquidity: In surplusThere are several factors propelling the liquidity, which would continue to remain in surplus ...
Public sector banks, in a frenzy to cash in on the retail credit boom during the three years beginning 2003-04, had failed to ...
Sharp rise in fee, other income
offset slower increase in net interest income.

Karur Vysya Bank (KVB) has reported a net profit growth of 24.93 per cent to Rs 47.95 crore in the first quarter of FY08 compared ...
ICICI Bank, the country's second largest bank, today reported a 25 per cent rise in net profit in the first quarter of 2007-08 as ...
Thiruvananthapuram-based State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has reported a 62.05% increase in net profit at Rs 87.28 crore for the ...
The General Insurance Corporation (GIC), the country's only reinsurer, and the four government-owned general insurance companies, ...
Expansion through acquisition and mergers would be Centurion Bank of Punjabs growth strategy for the next one or two years.
The General Insurance Corporation (GIC), the country's only reinsurer, and the four government-owned general insurance companies, ...
Three to six month loan rate cut by up to 100 bps.

Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $4.121 billion to $218.956 billion during the week ended July 13, according to the weekly ...
State Bank of India (SBI), Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and UTI Asset Management Company will be the pension fund ...
China raised interest rates on Friday for the third time this year after the economy logged a growth of 11.9% in the second ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed clearing corporations of exchanges to keep collateral securities of foreign ...
Indias foreign exchange reserves are at a record high of $214.83 billion.
Considering this rapid rise in countrys forex ...
Bank of Baroda is targeting Rs11,000 crore business from the eastern region in 2007-08, against Rs 8,296 crore in 2006-07, ...
India will maintain a fairly tight monetary policy to curb inflation that may be stoked by rising crude oil prices and ...
The South Korean won rose, approaching the highest this year, on signs that growth in Asias third-largest economy is gathering ...
Insurance companies will have more infrastructure firms in their equity investment portfolio soon.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is looking at acquiring a mid-size bank in Africa to grow its international business.
It is scaling up its ...
Tata AIG General Insurance Company Limited (Tata AIG), a joint venture between the Tata group and American International Group, ...
Mangalore-based Corporation Bank, on the back of easy liquidity and stagnant home loan portfolio, has decided to reduce interest ...
Central Bank of India (CBI) is actively considering a move to consolidate its housing finance business by a possible merger of ...
Indian Bank is tapping alternative methods to penetrate the rural segments.
The bank plans to set up 500 kiosks in the rural ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has posted a net profit of Rs 153 crore for the first quarter (April-June period) of ...
Thailands baht had the first two-day slide in a month after the central bank cut its key interest and announced more measures to ...
A drop in inflation rate to below 5 per cent and moderation in industrial production growth to 11.1 per cent, could imply that ...
Top-rated manufacturing companies continue to shy away from the commercial paper (CP) market, despite the steep 200-basis-point ...
The government, in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), is considering modifications in the foreign direct ...
Bonds gained for the third day as banks used surplus cash to buy securities, pushing the yield on the 91-day treasury bill to the ...
Aviva, the international savings, investments and insurance group, today announced the appointment of Simon Machell as the chief ...
The rupee, Asias second-best performer this year, ended three days of gains on speculation the central bank is selling the ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today reported a net profit of Rs 153.12 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, ...
The Reserve Bank of India has rejected proposals to relax external commercial borrowing (ECB) and foreign direct investment (FDI) ...
Forward dollars are now available at a discount in contrast to the usual premium charged owing to excess rupee liquidity in the ...
Fourteen banks having taken a hit of around Rs 930 crore as depreciation for exposure to IFCI have conveyed to the Reserve Bank ...
Thailands baht fell, snapping a 13-day rally that brought it near a decade high, as Finance Minister Chalongphob Sussangkarn ...
Private Equity (PE) funds, which are known to sense big opportunities in businesses, now see a potential in low-profile ...
Ten-year bonds rose for the second day, sending yields to the lowest in more than five months, on speculation increased spare ...
Successive interest rate hikes have had a limited impact on consumer spending, which is expected to accelerate in the second half ...
The Indian growth story could be derailed if interest rates continued to increase or even remained at the same level, said K V ...
The rupee held at the highest in nine years on speculation increased company earnings will attract global funds to the nations ...
Most banks and securities firms arent prepared to benefit from further globalisation, a survey of financial executives found.
Mumbai-based Abhyudaya Co-op Bank has planned an aggressive expansion drive and to create a branch network across states in the ...
Key share indices today ended at record highs for the third straight session as investors lapped up bank and metal shares, ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, in a bid to tap the potential in healthcare sector, has tied up with private hospitals and ...
The central government may issue tradable recapitalisation bonds to infuse fresh capital into regional rural banks (RRBs) with ...
Public sector banks want the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to stipulate that all the nominees on their boards have to go through ...
Thailands baht gained, heading for the highest close in almost a decade in onshore and offshore markets, as global funds bought ...
In a meeting with Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan today, bankers expressed concerns that interest rates had ...
Government bonds ended up as the market continued to draw comfort from the persisting liquidity glut in the system and absence of ...
The rupee extended Fridays gains on persistent dollar sales by foreign institutional investors into the local stock market as ...
Punjab National Banks (PNB) proposed foray into life insurance with the UK-based Principal Financial Group, UK Paints (India) ...
Mangalore-headquartered public sector Corporation Bank has registered a growth of 22.79 per cent in its net profit at Rs 177.11 ...
The central government may issue tradable recapitalisation bonds to infuse fresh capital in regional rural banks (RRB), who have ...
As part of its wealth management initiative, Bank of Baroda (BoB) will venture into mutual fund business very soon.
Bank of ...
The Karnataka Vikasa Grameena Bank has recorded a total business of Rs 4,482 crore at the end of the first quarter of fiscal ...
Corporation Bank today reported a 23% increase in net profit at Rs 177.11 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 when compared ...
Allahabad Bank today reported a 56% increase in net profit at Rs 200.40 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 when compared ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) and Citigroup have snapped their arrangement under which the American banks India ...
The year-on-year growth in credit further slowed to 23.4 per cent at the end of June 2007 from 24.6 per cent on June 22, 2007. ...
Central Bank of India, the 96-year-old government-owned lender, has fixed a price band of Rs 85-Rs 102 per share for its initial ...
UTI Bank today received shareholders approval to raise over Rs 4,000 crore ($1 billion) capital.

Dena Bank, the first bank in the country to introduce a credit card in rural India called the Dena Krishi Sakh Patra (DKSP) in ...
Dena Bank plans to enter the non-life insurance business through a tie-up with a foreign or local partner by the next financial ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.349 billion to $214.835 billion during the week ended July 6, according to the weekly ...
After a three-week wait, UTI Bank today received shareholders' approval for its $1 billion (over Rs 4,000 crore) capital raising ...
The board of directors of Bank of India have approved a proposal to raise Rs 1,995 crore via private placement of bonds at an ...
Firm eyes 100% growth in new assured premium biz.
Credit Rating Agency Crisil has graded the initial public offering of Kiri Dyes and Chemicals Ltd with two points on a scale of ...
India Infoline, one of the leading retail brokerage houses, is venturing into the consumer finance business in a big way.

Indian lenders may face marginally more bad mortgages because of higher interest rates, Deepak Parekh, chairman of Housing ...
HDFC Chairman Deepakh Parekh today cautioned investors against the increasing trend of setting up Special Purpose Acquisition ...
An increasing number of contractors managing parking lots at malls, multiplexes and five-star hotels are buying parking insurance ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram is likely to announce a package of Rs 1,815 crore for recapitalisation of ailing regional rural ...
Thailands baht was little changed, holding at the highest in almost a decade, after the government said measures to ease ...
India has ousted Taiwan from the second spot in the Asia-Pacific private equity rankings in the first half of calendar 2007, ...
UTI Bank has seen 45 per cent surge in its net profit to Rs 174.69 crore in the quarter ended June 30, 2007 against Rs 120.05 ...
The call money rate ended soft today, despite the demand from banks to meet their daily reserve requirement, as liquidity ...
UTI Bank has decided to split its proposed capital raising plan under pressure from government-owned promoters and raise only ...
Rupee recouped most of its intraday losses today as banks cut long dollar positions after dollar purchases by state-owned banks ...
The sops announced for exporters today have strengthened expectations that the rupee will appreciate further from the current ...
The next time you are admitted to an upscale hospital, read your medi-claim policy carefully.
Starting April 1, medical insurers ...
The sops announced for exporters today have strengthened expectations that the rupee will appreciate further from the current ...
UTI Bank today reported a 45% increase in net profit at Rs 174.98 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2007 when compared ...
HDFC chairman Deepak Parekh today voiced concern over special purpose acquisition companies (SPACs) raising capital overseas for ...
The rupee fell almost 1% against the dollar on Thursday afternoon, and dealers said central bank intervention was the main reason ...
Anjali, a housewife, recently walked into her Connaught Place bank branch, where she has held a savings account for over a ...
Banks in Punjab achieved overall as well as sectoral targets under annual credit plan 2006-07.
In order to tap the life insurance market of Uttar Pradesh, Bharti AXA Life Insurance Company Ltd, a joint venture between the ...
The farmers in Punjab and Haryana will now be able to break the cobweb of private moneylenders as the Punjab National Bank has ...
HDFC Bank, the countrys second largest private sector bank, has sought time from the central bank till March 2008 to bring down ...
The perceived risk for owning debt of Tata Motors Ltd., Indias biggest maker of trucks, rose to the highest in almost a year as ...
Metlife India Insurance Company will infuse Rs 231 crore capital this year for meeting the solvency requirements and expanding ...
Fourteen public sector banks will take a combined hit of Rs 930 crore in 2007-08 on their Rs 3,057 crore investments in the ...
Government bonds shed most gains to end marginally up today as banks and primary dealers squared off positions due to continued ...
Rupee ended little changed today as state-owned banks bought dollars after the rupee tended to rise on foreign fund inflows, ...
Banks anticipating difficulties in adhering to Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) guidelines on valuation of properties want a model ...
To offer personal loans, truck finance as demand for two-wheeler loans drop.

Banks, anticipating difficulties in adhering to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guideline on valuation of properties, want a ...
Cashless transaction in urban areas and branchless banking in rural areas are the future of Indian banking system, feels B ...
In a move that has irked many, Maharashtra has directed all state-aided educational institutions to disburse salaries through the ...
As a part of an industry-academia partnership initiative, the countrys largest private sector bank ICICI Bankhas been ...
The rand may gain 12.3 per cent against the yen after a three-fold increase in issuance of South African bonds to Japanese ...
Magma Shrachi Finance, a lender with a presence largely in rural and semi-urban areas, has targeted a 60-65 per cent increase in ...
SIB reported 102 per cent increase in net profit by clocking Rs 30.37 crore in Q1 FY07-08. Its net profit during the ...
South Indian Bank (SIB), the Thrissur-based private sector bank, will launch a rights issue of 2 crore shares, according to its ...
The Wall Street Journal listed her among the 50 Women to Watch in 2006.
Naina Lal Kidwai, the first woman to ...
HDFC Bank, the third largest lender by market capitalisation, has set the tone for the first quarter results of the banking ...
HDFC Bank, the countrys second largest private sector bank, today reported a 34 per cent rise in its net profit in the first ...
Bank of India (BoI) plans to focus on ploughing back profits than raising capital by diluting the government stake to strengthen ...
Chinas yuan rose the most since the end of a dollar link in July 2005 after Asian currencies that the central bank uses to ...
The Tata group will pick up to 4.6 per cent stake in Development Credit Bank (DCB) through its newly-formed subsidiary Tata ...
The rupee ended firm today on strong dollar sales by foreign institutional investors, but the dollar demand from Reserve Bank of ...
A lull in credit disbursals and skewed returns in the money and government bond markets has hit the banks hard, with some ...
Reserve Bank Governor Y V Reddy today met Finance Minister P Chidambaram here, and is understood to have discussed measures to ...
HDFC Bank has posted a 34% increase in net profit at Rs 321.23 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (Q1FY08) when compared ...
The board of directors of Development Credit Bank (DCB), which met today, approved a proposal to raise up to Rs 310 crore by ...
The premium demanded on currency options from developing economies fell from a seven-month high as signs of faster economic ...
Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) has opened a global private banking hub in Chennai to cater to the wealth management business of ...
General insurance firm United India Insurance (UII) has launched three new health insurance policies, which would replace the ...
The 10-year bonds rose on speculation that slowing inflation will allow the central bank to cut debt sales intended to drain cash ...
Banks are losing out on fee income as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is dragging its feet on allowing them to advice customers ...
The UK-based Lloyds, the worlds leading provider of specialist insurance services, and leading global reinsurers, Germanys ...
ICICI Bank has opened a branch in Jhajjar district of Haryana to advise farmers how to invest the huge cash they are receiving on ...
ICICI Bank joined the Rs 1 trillion market capitalisation club today.ICICI Bank has become the eighth company on the ...
IFCI, the country's oldest financial institution, will invite bids later this month for the sale of 26% stake to a strategic ...
The yield on the 10-year government paper (8.07% 2017) dropped by nine basis points to 7.90% in early trades today as against the ...
Australia-based Insurance Australia Group (IAG) is in advanced talks to buy a 26 per cent stake in HDFC Chubb General Insurance, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has opposed Finance Minister P Chidambarams budget proposal to use part of the foreign exchange ...
Punjab National Bank(PNB) has firmed up plans to focus on inclusive banking and education loans.
Bank of Maharashtra is planning a 30 per cent increase in rural credit over the last year in the fiscal 2007-08. Last year the ...
Commercial banks in Kerala have surpassed the priority sector lending target for the fiscal 2006-07 to post a disbursement figure ...
Interest rates may be peaking, but mutual funds and banks reluctance to look beyond five years has been forcing state-owned ...
The rupee seen in the 40.35-40.55 band against the greenback; Call rates to remain below reverse repo rate; The yield on 10-year ...
Unit-linked insurance plans (ULIPs) of private life insurers have outperformed the Sensex over the last six months and three ...
Syndicate Bank will commence depository services in the next couple of months.

The countrys largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has decided to join hands with foreign funds to set up a $1 billion ...
ICICI Bank, the largest lender by market capitalisation, is nearly doubling its borrowing limit to Rs 2,00,000 crore, to largely ...
ICICI Bank, the largest lender by market capitalisation, is nearly doubling its borrowing limit to Rs 2,00,000 crore, largely to ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $937 million to $213.486 billion for the week ended June 29, according to the weekly ...
The countrys largest home loan provider, ICICI Bank, has reduced interest rates on floating rate home loans below Rs 20 lakh by ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys largest private sector bank, is planning to borrow $1.5 billion, the largest loan raised by an Indian ...
Forex market
Oriental Insurance Company has reported 75 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 497 crore for 2006-07 compared with Rs 284 crore in ...
State Bank of Indias (SBI) investment kitty now includes Rs 300 crore worth of shares of its competitor and the second largest ...
Back in the black with Rs 246.86 crore profit in the first quarter.
The countrys largest home loan provider, ICICI Bank, has reduced interest rates on floating rate home loans below Rs 20 lakh by ...
ICICI Bank is planning to borrow $1.5 billion, the largest loan raised by an Indian bank, from banks overseas."We have ...
The board of directors of Development Credit Bank (DCB) will meet on July 10 to consider a proposal to raise Rs 310 ...
China will formally set up a new investment firm in September to manage the nation's massive foreign exchange reserves of over ...
Will open gramin bank in Kheda and Anand.
Star Health and Allied Insurance Co Ltd, backed by the launch of new products in the current fiscal, is eyeing a premium income ...
Crude oil prices soared over $70 a barrel for the first time in 10 months, but this has not set off alarm bells in the currency ...
Banking and financial services sectors have emerged as the most active space for private equity (PE), capturing 75.9 per cent of ...
Banks see interest rates staying at the current elevated levels for now.
The countrys largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has set a target of increasing the share of new business premium from traditional ...
Banking solution for urban poor and rural masses through franchisee arrangements with micro-credit institutions would deliver ...
As a part of the decentralisation process and to provide prompt and qualitative service to the customer, the State Bank of India ...
Bank of Baroda (BOB), one of the fastest-growing public sector banks, plans to set up its first ever GenNext branches targeting ...
Banks want the government to bear the cost of providing cover under the proposed credit guarantee scheme for distressed farmers. ...
Bank of Maharashtra is planning to raise Rs 650 crore in the current financial year through upper and lower tier-II bonds to meet ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has eased the blanket ban it has imposed on opening of new branches by urban cooperative banks ...
The ghost of the 2001 stock market scam is haunting the banking sector again with the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee ...
To open representative offices in the US, Singapore.

Bank lending to sensitive sectors has gone up by 42.3 per cent in 2006-07 to Rs 3,44,525 crore.

UBS AG, the Swiss-based global financial services firm, will be investing $65 million (around Rs 260 crore) this year to expand ...
Credit Suisse today said it has got investment banking licence from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), allowing ...
The Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (A-DAG) is open to have partners for its insurance and mutual fund businesses, its chairman Anil ...
Magma Shrachi Finance Limited, a Kolkata-based non-banking financial services company, will disburse retail loans worth Rs 373 ...
For a larger pie in business opportunities thrown up by the rising cross-border acquisitions by Indian companies, the countrys ...
State Bank of India
(SBI) has embarked on a mission to strike it big in rural India.
The countrys largest bank dreams of ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is launching a non-banking financial company (NBFC) targetting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is facing severe policy challenges in managing capital flows, said RBI Governor Y V Reddy.

Yaga Venugopal Reddy, Governor, Reserve Bank of India, said there is tangible evidence of self-accelerating growth of the ...
Targeting the microcredit space, the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is launching a non-banking ...
Reliance Capital is planning to invest over Rs 2,000 crore in its life insurance business in the next few years."We will ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has decided not to nominate any retired employee as a director on the board of the almost 90 ...
Investment banking outfit ICICI Securities (I-Sec) has emerged as the top fund mobiliser in the domestic primary market in the ...
The banks in Dakshina Kannada district crossed the business of Rs 14,836 crore as of March last.

ABN Amro Bank today reported a 59 per cent rise in net profit of its India branches for the year ended March 2007 on the back of ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) and South Indian Bank (SIB) are planning to raise capital over the next 12 months to fund their ...
Local banks no match for foreign peers in global reach and better services.

The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has revised interest rates for foreign currency non-resident (FCNR) and non-resident external ...
T S Vijayan has completed a year as chairman of insurance behemoth Life Insurance Corporation of India.
In an interview ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank is planning to double its investment in Metlife India Insurance by investing Rs 100 crore.
The finance ministry is having a relook at the entire financial sector regulations and legislations to determine how they compare ...
Non-life insurers are in the process of preparing a roadmap to ensure that none of them engage in cartelisation when the ...
The central bank fears the Asian market may impact interest rate derivatives.
As REITs (real estate investment trusts) are yet to take shape in India, about a half a dozen realty firms have started the ...
Anand Khushwaha, a small Delhi-based exporter of imitation jewellry, has been inundated by e-mails from his customers in the ...
Financial institutions operating in Mysore district have mobilised deposits of Rs 5,875.57 crore as on March 31, 2007, a growth ...
The government today acquired the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) shareholding in State Bank of India (SBI) for Rs 35,531.33 crore. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised the cap on advance payments (without bank guarantee) for direct import of plane to $50 ...
Inflation should be ideally and optimally closer to 3 per cent over a period so that global integration becomes smoother, Reserve ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is likely to frame the guidelines on exchangeable bonds and issuance of ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.534 billion to $212.459 billion during the week ended June 22, according to the weekly ...
Y V Reddy, Governor, Reserve Bank of India, today said the central bank is still analysing inflation numbers."The target ...
The government today acquired the Reserve Banks shareholding in the State Bank of India for Rs 35,531.33 crore.An ...
Private sector lender South Indian Bank (SIB) today posted an over 100% jump in net profit at Rs 104.12 crore for the fiscal ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is mulling putting in place a housing stat index survey to record the progress in the housing ...
The Mumbai-headquartered Saraswat Co-operative Bank is on a buying binge and plans to acquire seven co-operative banks by the end ...
Crisil, the countrys largest rating agency and a subsidiary of Standard & Poors, today released first bank loan ratings, ...
The move may result in higher bad loans.
State Bank of India (SBI) has set itself on a transformation path to scale up its profile to match that of the private and ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, has put on hold equity issues by its seven associate banks for the next ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to increase the equated monthly instalments (EMIs) on floating rate home loans for the ...
Prudential Financial, the second-largest life insurer in the US, today announced plans to enter the investment-services business ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation Chairman Deepak Parekh today said interest rates have almost peaked with inflation ...
The UK-based life insurance company Standard Life will increase its stake in HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company to 26 per cent ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is believed to be talking with GE Capital Services, the largest issuer of private ...
State Bank of India, Visakhapatnam module, will open 10 more branches in the city during this fiscal.
The Vizag zone controls 197 ...
The overnight call rates shot up and closed around 6.75 per cent on Wednesday following a sudden tightening of liquidity in the ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), the principal financial institution refinancing housing finance companies, is planning to set up a ...
The Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (SUUTI) and the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the principal promoter ...
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh today said interest rates have peaked, and are likely to remain stable in the next six months, while ...
The country could emerge as the third-largest domestic credit market in the world after United States and China by 2040, and, in ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Financial Corporation (APSFC), the state-owned non-banking finance agency catering to the requirements ...
The Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC), the nations biggest infrastructure lender, has roped in Citigroup, UBS, ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has initiated discussions with the Hyderabad-based Andhra Bank to form a tripartite venture to foray into ...
Standard Chartered Bank is planning to scale up its microfinance business in India.
The bank which has a microfinance portfolio ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised concerns over the high level of defaults in the project finance portfolio of banks. ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), the principal agency refinancing housing finance companies, is planning to set up a mortgage ...
Three days after it rejected ICICI Banks proposal to divest 24 per cent in ICICI Financial Services, the holding company for the ...
State Bank of India needs capital in excess of Rs 60,000 crore ($15 billion) in the next three years to develop its business and ...
Reliance Money, the financial distribution company of the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, has signed an agreement with CMC Ltd, a ...
Bank of America (BoA) today reported a 35 per cent rise in the net profit of its India branches in the year ended March 2007, ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC)reported a 64 per cent increase in the net profits of its Indian branches for the ...
Higher credit offtake combined with robust deposit growth saw six public sector banks cross the landmark Rs 100,000 crore figure ...
Move to give promoters more time to take a call on the issue.
Three days after it rejected ICICI Banks proposal to divest 24 per cent in ICICI Financial Services, the holding company for the ...
UTI Bank has deferred its $600 million global depository receipts (GDR) issue as well as the simultaneous preferential offer to ...
Putting up a brave front over allegations by non-official directors, the management of Punjab and Sind Bank (PSB) today asked the ...
IndusInd Bank
today got a $50 million credit line from Wachovia Bank."The funds under this credit line will be utilised ...
Bank of America (BoA) today said its Indian operations has clocked a 35% rise in after-tax profit at Rs 195 crore for the year ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation today reported a 64% increase in the net profit of its branches in India for the year ...
Faced with a deadlock over the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) Bill due to stiff opposition from the ...
While the government is encouraging mergers among banks to create mega banks of international size in the country, a recent move ...
LiquidityIPO boost
The government is planning to relax the recent diktat of clubbing non-convertible, optionally convertible or partially ...
As competition from the market-savvy private sector non-life insurance players intensifies, public sector non-life insurers are ...
ICICI Bank today priced its Rs 10,062 crore follow-on equity offer at Rs 940 a share.

Srei Infrastructure Finance is set to be the first Indian company to go for Islamic financing for over Rs 200 crore loan.
The ...
ICICI Bank today priced its Rs 10,062 crore follow-on equity offer at Rs 940 a share.

Finance ministry backs chairman, may remove five govt-nominated independent directors.
INSURANCE: Though there aren't many options, homemakers could get insured from the few available ones.
ICICI Bank, whose follow-on public offer has attracted the highest-ever investment proposal of over Rs 1,20,000 crore, is likely ...
With huge liquidity in the money market, partly contributed by capital flows, the interest rates were expected to soften in the ...
A robust growth in corporate business helped Citigroup Indias net profit grow 39 per cent to Rs 1,566 crore in 2006-07 from Rs ...
ICICI Banks follow-on public offer has attracted the highest-ever investment proposals of over Rs 120,000 crore, twice as much ...
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) of the finance ministry today rejected ICICI Banks proposal to sell 24 per cent in ...
US-based financial services major Citigroup today reported a 39% rise in net profit of its India operations for the year ended ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has amended an ordinance in the SBI Act, 1955 to enable the transfer of the Reserve Bank of India's ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.468 billion to $211.015 billion for the week ended June 15, according to the weekly ...
Yogesh Agarwal has been appointed the chairman and managing director of IDBI for three years effective July 1, ...
A virtual war has broken out in the public sector Punjab and Sind Bank with five non-official directors attacking the chairman, ...
Bank of India has signed the acquisition deed for acquiring 76% stake in PT Bank Swadesi, Indonesia.According to a ...
Allahabad Bank is targetting a business growth at a compounded rate of upto 25 per cent so that by the end of 2010 the bank ...
Manipal-based Syndicate Bank today launched a scheme aimed at financing small businesses and self-employed persons.

The Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) posted a net loss of Rs 1.91 crore during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 against a ...
The Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank is targeting a business of Rs two lakh crore by 2010 at a compounded annual growth rate of 20-25 ...
Deutsche Bank today reported 73 per cent increase in its net profit in 2006-07 on a sharp jump in interest income, reflecting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is of the view that banks in India do not price credit risk appropriately and are in danger of ...
Defaults due to rising rates resulted in the move.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is of the view that banks in India do not price credit risk appropriately, and are in danger of ...
The Indian operations of Deutsche Bank today reported a 73% increase in net profit in financial year 2006-07 on a sharp ...
Warburg Pincus, a US-based private equity firm, has put in the highest bid worth Rs 5,000 crore for ICICI Bank shares, which is ...
Warburg Pincus, a US-based private equity firm, has put in the highest bid worth Rs 5,000 crore for ICICI Bank shares, which is ...
With most banks jumping on to the reverse mortgage products bandwagon, Gruh Finance Ltd had adopted a wait and watch policy ...
Federal Bank, one of the largest old generation private sector banks of the country, has received approval from the Central Bank ...
Buoyed by the impressive performance of its Hyderabad office during the last financial year, Mumbai-based mortgage lender GIC ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance, which was the first life insurance company in India to enable purchase of insurance policies through ...
Swiss Re, a diversified global insurer, has set up an advisory firm, Swiss Re Healthcare Services, in India.
The new entity will ...
IndusInd Bank has appointed R Seshasayee as the non-executive chairman for a period of two years.Seshasayee is currently ...
The domestic follow-on public offer (FPO) of ICICI Bank has been subscribed 3.10 times till 1400 hrs today, according to data on ...
SREI Infrastructure Finance Ltd has posted a 98 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2007 at Rs 31.5 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has finally retreated from its position that UTI Bank split the post of chairman and managing ...
India Inc on a fund-raising spree.

In an effort to improve the economic status of the poor people through dedicated corporate programmes, at least two nationalised ...
LIC Housing Finance will launch a reverse mortgage product within a month, S K Mitter, director and chief executive, said here on ...
Foreign banks say they have been caught in a conflict situation with respect to the manner in which the Reserve Bank of India ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to raise further the ceiling on government bonds it can issue under the market ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poors today assigned BB rating, indicating non-investment grade, to the State Bank of ...
State Bank of India, the country's biggest, hired Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase for a $225 million debt sale, according to an ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank is planning to open more branches in Mohali, Ludhiana and Bhiwani as part of its plans to open 57 more ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said high interest rates on deposits were not sustainable and might prove suicidal for banks.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked nine banks, including the State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank, to transfer ...
After learning a lesson from the past, ICICI Bank has resumed financing against warehouse receipts after blocking the gaps in ...
The Thrissur-based South Indian Bank is tapping other foreign exchange houses for boosting its foreign currency inflows.

ICICI Bank has resumed financing against warehouse receipts after filling the gaps in risk management practices.
In 2006, the ...
ICICI Bank has received a host of offers for its proposed offer of 5.9 per cent stake in its subsidiary, ICICI Financial ...
Tata AIG Life Insurance Company, a private life insurance player, is planning to add rural health insurance product to its rural ...
ICICI Bank has fixed a price band of Rs 885 to Rs 950 per share for its follow-on public offer (FPO) of Rs 8,750 crore.
The issue ...
The countrys largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI), has decided to buy shares of its competitor and the second largest lender, ...
Price band fixed at Rs 885-950 a share.
The department of post is planning to offer banking services by starting a full-fledged bank, to be named Post Bank of India.
Standard Chartered Bank on Friday launched private banking operations in India.
It plans to launch this service in the countrys ...
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) will complete the mop-up of Rs 575 crore upper tier-II bonds today.

ICICI Bank is offering baits to entice retail investors to invest in its equity share issue aimed at mobilising Rs 10,062.5 crore ...
ICICI Bank is offering baits to entice retail investors to invest in its equity share issue aimed at mobilising Rs 10,062.5 crore ...
UTI bank , the third largest private bank of the country, has chalked out a plan to increase its lending in Orissa by 55 per cent ...
Gilt prices rose sharply today, recouping most of the losses suffered last week, as investors tried to build positions before ...
Attractive valuation of small-cap and mid-cap stocks, compared with their large-cap counterparts, has led the domestic fund ...
IDBI Bank will set up a mutual fund subsidiary with IDBI Capital markets, its wholly-owned subsidiary, once its proposed life ...
The practice of banks providing unsecured short-term loans to corporates at low interest rates in place of working capital loans ...
The assets under management (AUM) of the top 10 liquid schemes in May surged 51.3 per cent, from a month ago, to over Rs 70,000 ...
Goldman Sachs will be one of the key investors in ICICI Financial Services, the proposed insurance and asset management ...
IDBI Bank will form a mutual fund subsidiary with IDBI Capital Markets, its wholly-owned subsidiary, once its proposed life ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is planning to raise $1.5 billion in a medium-term note issue, V P Shetty, ...
Reckless lending during the three years of the retail credit boom beginning 2003-04 is hurting public sector banks hard.

Birla Sun Life Insurance Company is planning to double its capital base to arrest the companys depleting market share and attain ...
The countrys largest private sector bank, ICICI Bank, plans to raise Rs 8,750 crore in the domestic market through a follow-on ...
The life insurance industry clocked 49 per cent growth in new businesses, while general insurance players saw 16 per cent ...
Non-life insurers may soon get the freedom in pricing their products with the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) ...
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector bank, will raise Rs 8,750 crore in the domestic market through a follow-on ...
ICICI Bank today said it has received offers from various investors for 5.9% stake in its proposed new subsidiary worth Rs 2,650 ...
Manipal-headquartered public sector Syndicate Bank is aiming at 23 per cent growth of its business in Orissa over last year.

ICICI Financial Services, ICICI Banks subsidiary which owns its insurance and asset management businesses, will offload 5.9 per ...
HDFC Banks is extending the modern day banking to rural parts of the country by augmenting its presence in Gujarat by increasing ...
Forex market
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the governments additional borrowing in the first half of 2007-08 will be utilised to ...
Govt wants bank to repay or prepay foreign currency borrowings guaranteed by it.

The Asian Development Bank has put on hold its plans to raise rupee-denominated bonds in the Indian market due to a rise in ...
Concerns that banks gilts portfolio may depreciate in the first quarter of 2007-08 have resurfaced with government bond yields ...
ICICI Financial Services, ICICI Banks subsidiary which owns its insurance and asset management businesses, will offload 5.9% ...
ICICI Bank has received the nod from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for its follow-on public offer (FPO). The ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to explain the reasons for the high charges levied on basic services, including ...
The Urban Co-operative Banks (UCBs) functioning in Orissa have been able to put up a better show in the last fiscal.

If it took five years (2001-06) for corporate bonds to mobilise Rs 2,79,535 crore through private placements, while they mopped ...
The Indian banking sector has overcome concerns pertaining to the rising cost of funds and an increase in provisioning ...
The second phase of detariffed insurance (that allows insurance companies to offer unique products) is set to be advanced by ...
Private lender Jammu and Kashmir Bank today said it planned to list on overseas bourses to raise funds and gain an international ...
Floating rates hiked by 200 basis points.

Riding high on the increasing foreign interest to invest in India, Kotak Mahindra Bank is all set to expand its international ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance is aiming at doubling its premium income in 2007-08.
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) today invited bids from four select public sector financial ...
An overdose of auctions of treasury bills and dated securities worth Rs 22,000 crore in a span of one week and preparations for ...
Manipal-headquartered public sector Syndicate Bank plans to grow its business through the inorganic route.
The bank, which is ...
The All India Reserve Bank Employees Association (AIRBEA) has demanded that RBI should stop outsourcing its work as it involves ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to bring a new consumer price index (CPI) as the present indices, both the CPI and ...
Liquidity and the RBI intervention in the forex market
hold key to the market.
TimesofMoney, a part of the Times Group, is planning to soon create a global financial supermall by providing a host of personal ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is exploring the use of a dollar sell-buy swap to drain liquidity from the banking system, having ...
ICICI Bank's follow-on public issue, speculated to be in the range of Rs 10,000-11,000 crore, is likely to open in the third week ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India is reducing its exposure to real estate stocks, taking a cue from the banking regulator, the ...
As soon as general insurers are freed from the shackles of standard products, they could offer a motor insurance policy that ...
In a major boost to the domestic mutual fund industry, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today eased norms for their overseas ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has announced enhanced auctions of treasury bills and government bonds totalling Rs 22,000 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India has barred companies from raising funds overseas through issue of optionally and partially convertible ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has become the first foreign bank to open a branch in Israel's diamond exchange."We ...
Rupee has shed gains to the dollar to hit the lowest level of 41.03/$ in early noon deals as against a close of 40.70/$ ...
Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) has posted 4.53% growth in net profit at Rs 105.78 crore for FY07 as against Rs ...
S A Bhat, former executive director of UCO Bank, is now on the board of Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), as chairman and managing ...
Forex market
State Bank of Hyderabad today introduced Express Clearing in the twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad, a new service that ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest lender, has raised about Rs 2,500 crore capital through upper tier- II bonds ...
The worlds first rupee futures contracts debuted on the Dubai Gold & Commodities Exchange (DGCX) today, recording a modest ...
Commercial banks are at loggerheads with the Banking Codes and Standards Board of India (BCSBI) over the manner in which the body ...
Banks were awash with liquidity as outflows on account of government bond auctions paled in comparison to the rupees injected ...
Operations at all branches of State Bank of India across the country are likely to be hit tomorrow as its officers' federation ...
State-Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) of Gujarat has approached the state government to waive the stamp duty on the bank mortgage ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has tied up with Taxshax.com to help customers file tax returns in a simple, secure and efficient manner.
The ...
The Indian rupee will revisit the Gulf after over three decades, though not physically, as Dubai will have the worlds only ...
JPMorgan Chase Bank, the only global bank to have integrated trade logistics services with its financing solutions, plans to ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is likely to subscribe to the UTI Banks preferential offer of equity shares to allow ...
The policy actions and the large base effect from the previous year are expected to soften rising price trends, according to C ...
Gujarats co-operative banks are back on the growth trajectory after a long hiatus that followed the collapse of the Madhavpura ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has told foreign banks that it could not consider setting up of administrative offices and ...
ICICI Bank may raise $2.5 billion in the biggest overseas share sale by an Indian company, sources close to the development ...
Commercial banks are up in arms against a proposal that seeks to direct them to extend a certain portion of their loans to small ...
To enhance participation of banks and financial institutions in infrastructure financing, the seven-member Deepak Parekh ...
In an initiative to extend a helping hand to farmers, the Malappuram-based South Malabar Gramin Bank (SMGB) plans to set up a ...
To facilitate transfers through Western Union.
Co-operative bank plans acquisitions by July-end.
India Infrastructure Finance , the state-owned lender that set up a fund with Blackstone Group LP and Citigroup Inc, plans to ...
A massive liquidity outflow of over Rs 40,000 crore in the coming weeks is expected to pull back the overnight call rates from ...
Forex market
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is planning to launch reverse mortgage loans (RML) for senior citizens.
The bank will make periodic payments ...
The sharp rise in home loan rates of private sector banks is forcing their customers to switch loyalties.
The customers are ...
LiquiditySurplus unlikely
DSP Merrill Lynch is looking at significant growth in its assets under advice in the private client advisory business in India. ...
In order to provide affordable houses to the economically weaker section (EWS), the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor ...
It's happening all over the industry.
Professionals, after working through the corporate ladder for quite some time, are taking a ...
India's restrictive policies and political instability could lead to a deceleration in investment growth, weaker private ...
Rating agency ICRA is looking at opportunities in knowledge process outsourcing (KPO). This is a part of ICRA's plan to grow both ...
Doing away with the clutter of forms required for different kinds of overseas investments by corporates and individuals, the ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has approached the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Central Board of Direct ...
The entrepreneurial bug and lure of equity are inducing senior executives of reputed multi-national investment banks to make ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has replaced six existing forms for different kinds of overseas investments by corporates and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor, Rakesh Mohan today urged housing finance companies to look at designing home ...
FINANCIAL PLANNING: A few must-have insurance policies, if you are the sole earning member.
For the last two years, the home loan borrower has been facing the brunt of high interest rates.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today increased interest rate on Foreign Currency Non-Resident (B) Deposit Scheme for dollar, British ...
With liquidity flooding the markets, banks were lending money virtually for free in the overnight market on Friday as rates ...
UTI Bank shareholders today approved the appointment of P J Nayak as executive chairman in accordance with the Banking Regulation ...
Excessive liquidity, slower credit offtake take their toll.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has warned that banks will not be able to sustain infrastructure financing as their long-term ...
Cutting short the overnight steep fall, the rupee on Thursday recovered smartly to close 26 paise up at 40.60/61 against the US ...
The flow of institutional credit to agriculture has exceeded the target for the third consecutive year in 2006-07. The actual ...
Large forex inflows into the Indian financial system is increasingly making the monetary policy more global in outlook.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will continue to manage exchange rate volatility even when the rate becomes more flexible, as it ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) feels that the concept of arriving at benchmark prime lending rates (BPLR) needs to be made more ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to do away with the prudential limits on bank borrowings in the call market.

The continued abundance of liquidity today pushed the call rate, at which banks lend to one another for the night, to 0.5 per ...
The overnight inter-bank call money rate fell to 1.25 per cent at the close of trading in the money market today, down from ...
Credit rating agency ICRA Limited (ICRA) and Kolkata headquartered UCO Bank have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).
The public sector, Dena Bank, will add four million clients this financial year.
Rupee futures, to be soon launched by the Dubai Gold and Commodities Exchange, is likely to be a preferred hedging and investment ...
The public sector banks (PSBs) are stung by the departure of a large number of officers for greener pastures.
The managements now ...
Move blocks UTI Banks plan to retain P J Nayak as executive chairman.
Yes Bank has launched a $100 million food and agribusiness India fund.
The private equity fund
plans to invest the entire amount ...
The government today asked banks in the Gulf countries to register themselves as foreign institutional investors (FII) so ...
A consensus is emerging among economists, bankers and companies that the rupee, which touched a nine-year high of 40.28 to the ...
Strengthens expectations of moves by RBI to suck out liquidity.
Help is at hand for home loan seekers who have trouble coughing up 15-20 per cent equity that lenders insist on.

The government-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has finalised Corporation Bank as a partner for its credit card foray and ...
Citigroup is expanding its relationship with Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) beyond the stake it owns in the ...
There seems to be a consensus among economists, bankers and companies that the rupee, which touched a new nine-year high of 40.28 ...
Canara Bank today reported 10.8% surge in consolidated net profit for the full-year ended March 31, 2007, at Rs 1,528.37 crore as ...
Standard Chartered, a UK bank that makes most of its money in Asia, plans to double the number of its private banking units to 20 ...
A rapid growth in loan portfolios in 2006-07 has seen the proportion of non-performing assets (NPAs) of listed public sector ...
New Zealand billionaire, Christopher Chandlers Legatum group bought a $4.5 million stake in Mumbai-based Financial Information ...
Hits 9-yr high of 40.28, closes at 40.51.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)'s south central zone (SCZ) has secured the top spot at an all-India level by collecting ...
RBI may have no choice if UTI Bank's shareholders approve the same.
Asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) will have to obtain a rating for securities receipts (SR) it issues against bad loans ...
ICICI Holdings, ICICI Banks subsidiary which owns its insurance and asset management businesses, is selling 5 per cent stake to ...
The Indian rupee to touched a fresh 9-year high at 40.28/$ in mid-morning trades.However, buying by the central bank ...
Karur Vysya Bank Limited, a leading private bank in the south, is eyeing a deposits target of Rs 12,000 crore and Rs 9,020 crore ...
LIQUIDITYCrunch remains
State Bank of India (SBI) will expand its footprints in one lakh more villages in the next two years, mounting a further ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $9 million to $203.982 billion for the week ended May 18, according to data released by the ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) will be opening 10 overseas offices this year, with the first one coming up in Trinidad and Tobago in Port ...
IndusInd Bank today reported net profit of Rs 21.40 crore in the fourth quarter of 2006-07 against a loss of Rs 62.40 crore a ...
Centurion Bank of Punjabs net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2007 rose by 8 per cent to Rs 28.01 crore from Rs 26.04 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will bring global payment systems such as MasterCard International and Visa International under ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), Indias leading housing finance company, will raise Rs 3,114 crore through a ...
Syndicate Bank is seeking shareholders' approval for the proposed follow-on public offer (FPO) of eight crore shares to meet ...
Union Bank of India has chalked out a development plan to mark its presence in the hitherto untouched regions of Uttar Pradesh. ...
Top bankers today said interest rates have started moderating after rising for over a year.
The government has allowed banks to foray into pension fund management.
According to banking sources, the change has been done ...
Bank of India (BoI) Visakhapatnam Zone registered mobilised Rs 177 crore new deposits in the financial year 2006-07 as against Rs ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT), which posted Rs 56,065-crore business by the end of March 2007, has charted out plans to ...
After opening representative office in Shanghai recently, the Mumbai-based Union Bank of India will set up three more overseas ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) has entered into an agreement with the Abu Dhabi-based UAE Exchange Centre LLC to offer money ...
The investigative arm of the Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices (MRTP) Commission has in a primary information report ...
Deposit rates will continue their upward march in 2007-08 as banks fight intensely for resources to feed high octane credit ...
Corporates being compelled to pay higher rates on term loans of 3 years and above, struck at fixed rates a year ago.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which has already raised the cash reserve ratio (CRR) thrice since December last year, is ...
Deposit rates will continue their upward march in 2007-08 as banks fight intensely for resources to feed high-octane credit ...
ICICI bank has offered to provide cheap loans to industries for replacing chlorofluorocarbons (CFC) emitting refrigerating units, ...
K V Kamath, CEO, ICICI Bank today said interest rates were "moderating" but any further rise could put pressure on the ...
In the backdrop of concerns voiced by senior citizens and in order to study the issues involved as well as to make ...
Union Bank of India is stressing on growth of current accounts to fund future expansions.

The government is reviewing norms for investments by foreign venture capital funds in real estate, after the Reserve Bank of ...
The Vijayawada module of State Bank of India (SBI), covering 187 branches in Krishna, Guntur and West Godavari districts, ...
The group of ministers, deliberating on the draft amendments to insurance acts, are not in favour of allowing the four public ...
Punjab National Bank is set to float a credit card joint venture with Australian financial major ANZ in a couple of months.
The ...
Higher provisioning saw the countrys second largest public sector lender Punjab National Banks net profit falling by 17 per ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it will dilute the government holding in the bank from 57.1% to 51% this year, in order to ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today reported a 7% increase in net profit at Rs 1,540.08 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 when ...
Union Bank of India (UBI), is eyeing a Rs 300 crore business from Gujarat during 2008-09.
HSBC Holdings said resources mergers banker Rajat Kohli is leaving the company to help advise Arcelor Mittal on potential mergers ...
The government proposes to treat the investments by foreign institutional investors in pre initial public offers (IPOs) of real ...
Forex Market
Kumbakonam-based City Union Bank (CUB)s net profit during the fourth quarter of FY07 rose by 36.81 per cent to Rs 25.98 crore ...
The investment panel of the Employees Provident Fund has recommended 8.25 per cent interest rate for 2007-08 (April-March) to be ...
When the entire banking system was starved of liquidity in March, ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, was busy lending ...
Central Bank of India has filed its draft prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for an initial public ...
ICICI Bank has stepped up its support to realty market in Mysore by launching a 48-hour home loan-processing scheme.
The fast ...
Andhra Bank launched ATMobile, its new mobile biometric-access ATM initiative, in Hyderabad on Monday.

Federal Banks net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2007 increased by 95 per cent to Rs 99.25 crore from Rs 50.73 a year ...
Syndicate Bank is planning to hit the capital market with follow-on public offer of eight crore equity shares (face value Rs 10 ...
Standard Chartered Banks Indian operations reported 51 per cent rise in net profit in 2006-07 to Rs 1,364 crore from Rs 904.8 ...
Corporation Bank has gone ahead and launched its credit card business following delays in its proposed joint credit card foray ...
The securitisation market is expected to see hectic activity this year after a lull of two years.

With the objective of imparting training on agriculture and allied activities to farmers, Punjab National Bank (PNB), in ...
To achieve financial inclusion in rural India, State Bank of India (SBI) has taken up a plan to reach 100,000 unbannked villages ...
$250 mn invested in 11 domestic clean tech firms in 2006.
LiquidityCrunch unlikelyLiquidity in the banking system is expected to remain comfortable supported by coupon ...
Under the financial inclusion plan, the State Bank of India (SBI) has chalked out a programme to provide banking services to ...
The General Insurance Council has asked the government to set up a health sector regulator.

The government is likely to make the entry of foreign companies to Indian bourses easier by diluting the Indian Depository ...
Public sector general insurer National Insurance Co (NIC) is all set to report a net profit in 2006-07.
Mops up bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore from 15 banks.
Indian corporate houses have stepped up the tempo for overseas mergers and acquisitions (M&As) in 2006-07. Keeping pace with ...
Corporation Bank has launched CorpCompassion, a feature-rich savings bank account.

In order to enhance financial assistance to minority communities, the Reserve Bank has included them under the ambit of weaker ...
A way to ensure good growth as private banks find organic growth tough.
Public sector entities Life Insurance Corporation, UTI AMC, State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank are among the ...
Investments by oil companies to unincorporated entities for overseas operations such as drilling and explorations will no longer ...
In a move that would provide some comfort to Indian globe trotters, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday doubled to six months ...
HDFC Bank proposes to raise Rs 4,200 crore through a mix of preference shares to its promoters and domestic and overseas equity ...
United Bank of India, a public sector bank, plans to increase agricultural lending in Orissa by 46 percent during 2007-08.
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd will soon launch general insurance policy distribution within the next two or three weeks for which a ...
The Reserve Bank of India has allowed HDFC Bank to start a non banking finance company.

Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy today said the lower inflation limit of 4.0-4.5 per cent set for the medium term is ...
Andhra Bank will introduce new schemes aimed at the self-help groups (SHGs). The two schemes, Swapping Debts of SHGs
and Bridge ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (Irda) has cleared the R1 applications for three proposed insurance ...
Barclays Bank today launched its retail and commercial banking service in India.
So far, the bank operated in the country through ...
You need not visit a bank branch or log on to internet for transferring money from your account.
Just walk into an automated ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India is interested in picking up stakes in banks that have good financials and performance, with ...
The board of directors of HDFC Bank, which met today, approved a proposal to raise additional capital of Rs 4,200 crore or $1 ...
The four unlisted associates of the State Bank of India propose to raise Rs 2000-3000 crore from the market in the calendar year ...
Higher net interest income and lower provisioning have helped banks to post record net profit growth in the last five quarters.
With a business mix of about Rs 1.5 lakh crore, Mumbai-based Union Bank of India has positioned itself as a national bank.
For ...
The government proposes to restructure the equity of New Delhi-based Punjab and Sind bank for enabling it to access the capital ...
The booming consumer finance space and the growing opportunities in corporate finance is forcing foreign banks to set shop in ...
With high volatility caused by huge capital inflows becoming a major headache for the Reserve Bank of India, its former deputy ...
Rural credit development bank Nabard has set a refinance target of Rs 17,000 crore to institutions for rural credit during the ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) plans to buy out Chubb Global Financial Services Corporation of the US (Chubb ...
Stocks of State Bank of India's three subsidiaries hit the upper circuit on the bourses with the Lok Sabha today clearing the SBI ...
ICICI Bank is likely to offer its shares at a discount to the retail investors in its forthcoming equity issue, said the bank in ...
SBI Subsidiary Bank (Amendment) Bill cleared.
Aviva Life Insurance may see a delayed break-even owing to the high rate of growth it has witnessed in 2006.
The company ...
The commercial banks have begun issuing passbooks and account statements to the customers every month without charging any fees, ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank reported a significant growth in net profit at Rs 16.14 crore in FY07 as compared with Rs 9.52 crore during the ...
Post-maturity, they can remain invested up to a fortnight, but can't withdraw funds.
Govt's decision on proposal to apply to all PSBs.
State Bank of India, the country's largest, said it would be at the mercy of Industrial & Commercial Bank of China unless the ...
Securities Trading Corporation of India (STCI), a primary dealer in government securities, will sell its entire stake in UTI ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has rejected IndusInd Bank's application to appoint Michael Bastin as the non-executive chairman ...
Most foreign and private banks are staying away from the interbank market owing to volatile rates and a directive from the ...
Indian Banks net profit rose 50.60 per cent to Rs 759.77 crore for the year ended March 31 compared with Rs 504.47 crore a year ...
Even though the Life Insurance Corporation of India increased its market share to 74 per cent in terms of total new business ...
LIC Housing Finance posted over two-fold increase in profit after tax (PAT) at Rs 89.14 crore for the quarter ended March 31 ...
Reflecting the huge inflow of overseas funds and need to stem sharp appreciation in the value of the rupee, the Reserve Bank of ...
Your credit card bill could rise if you do not have a good credit history.
The interest rates on credit cards, which were ...
As many as 45 banks have failed to meet the priority sector target set by the Reserve Bank of India.

Issuances by State Bank of India and ICICI Bank, the countrys two premier lenders, are only two in a series of share and debt ...
The West Bengal State Cooperative Bank (WBSCB) posted a lower net profit at Rs 10.01 crore (Rs 14.05 crore in 2005-06), largely ...
The Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Commissions investigation net has now fallen on private lender ICICI Bank for ...
Liquidity is expected to remain comfortable this week following government expenditure and coupon redemption.
Since the RBI has ...
Bank to enter private equity, venture capital.
The State Bank of India posted a better-than-expected net profit in the quarter ended March 31, 2007 on the back of huge rise in ...
ICICI Bank has raised (Great Britan Pound) #350 million through a medium term note (MTN)at an interest rate of 83 basis points ...
The best thing you can buy from an insurance company is an 'insurance policy'. However, the sad truth is, most of us look at ...
ICICI Bank has raised #350 million through a medium-term note at an interest rate of 83 basis points over the three-year UK ...
The board of directors of Bank of Rajasthan, which met today, approved a proposal to issue bonus shares in the ratio of 1:4 i.e ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today reported a 15% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 6,364.38 crore for the year ended March ...
Banks are considering levying a charge of Rs 50 on high-value cheques, while making local payments through real time gross ...
Deal values ICICIs insurance, MF business at $10 bn.
UK-headquartered Standard Chartered Bank is set to become the third foreign player to enter the Indian retail stock brokerage ...
The cut-off yield announced in the government securities auction today has further marred the sentiment in the market, which was ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $126 million to $204.009 billion for the week ended May 4, according to the weekly supplement ...
Even as liquidity has eased, the underlying fear of continuing tightness still remains.
With call rates ruling in the range of ...
China has pledged not to sell large amounts of US dollar-denominated assets while diversifying its record foreign exchange ...
Rupee dropped the most in six weeks on speculation importers used the local currencys recent gain to exchange it for dollars to ...
Life insurance companies through the Life Insurance Council (a body representing all life insurers) propose to approach the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on banks authorised to import gold for tying up with non-nominated banks, ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEOSBI ...
French banking group BNP Paribas SA today said it will acquire 49.9 per cent stake in Sundaram Home Finance (SHFL) for Rs 196.98 ...
The proposal of the government on issuing innovative instruments as exchangeable bonds and use of foreign exchange reserves for ...
SKS Microfinance and Citibank have entered into a Rs 180-crore financing programme, which involves Citibank India purchasing ...
Corporation Bank will launch its own credit card in May, six months after forging a strategic alliance with Oriental Bank of ...
The Oriental Insurance Company is planning to introduce some value-added motor insurance products to take advantage of the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is finally getting into merchant acquisition business to increase its fee-based revenues and credit ...
Western Union, which is into money transfer services, on Wednesday entered into a strategic alliance with Guntur-based ...
Canara Bank, the countrys third largest bank, has set its sights on mid-sized Dena Bank and has appointed Ernst & Young to ...
Merger to push govt's move for consolidation among PSU banks.

The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) apparent tolerance level for the appreciation of the rupee has been increasing, much to the ...
Government bonds ended higher today on the back of a fall in overnight call and CBLO rates, which dropped due to the robust ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias directive to banks to impose a ceiling on the interest charged, including processing and other ...
Riding high on increased advances, Syndicate Bank recorded a net profit of Rs 104 crore in Q4 2006-07, over 10 times compared ...
Kotak Mahindra Banks net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, rose by 7.5 per cent to Rs 37.3 crore against Rs 34.7 ...
The rates have been ruling higher than the Reserve Bank lending rate over the past 1 month.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has banned non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) from extending loans to its directors and ...
The directive by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to put a ceiling on interest, including processing and other charges, on small value ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank's net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2007 rose 7.5% to Rs 37.3 crore from Rs 34.7 crore in the ...
Syndicate Bank has posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 716.11 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007.According to an ...
State Bank of India's local headoffice at Chennai has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Hyderabad-based Heritage ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed the urban cooperative banks to stop all transactions in the 918 non-banking financial ...
The Reserve Bank of India has asked old private sector banks to scout for long-term partners to help them achieve their banking ...
Individuals planning to take speculative positions in the overseas equity and currency markets may have to wait for a while.

The rupee erased all its gains to end steady today, as dollar demand from importers led banks to cover their earlier sold ...
Merrill Lynch & Company and Franklin Resources are increasing purchases of Indian government debt, predicting the central ...
The softening in the bulk deposit market since March has been much less than expected, with the private sector banks continuing ...
New York Life Investment Management India Fund has picked up a minority stake in the Bangalore-based Avestha Gengraine ...
Union Bank of India has become the first bank to reduce the interest rate on home loans up to Rs 20 lakh by 50 basis points.

The Reserve Bank of India is in the process of reworking the definition of commercial real estate.
The revision is aimed at ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
Union Bank of India has announced a reduction in interest rates of home loans of up to Rs 20 lakh by 50 basis points effective ...
Public sector banks Punjab National Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce have raised home loan rates by one percentage point and ...
The Reserve Bank of India has put on hold all new accounts of private banks to conduct government business.

Employees of central and 10 state governments, who joined service after January 2004, will get the feel of investing in mutual ...
After the Reserve Bank of India, it is now the turn of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to oppose the move by the Securities and ...
ICICI Bank plans to hire Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch to help sell about $5 billion of stock, the largest share sale by an ...
Companies will now have to pay a charge for loans sanctioned to them but not utilised.
From this year, banks are required to set ...
Development Credit Bank, promoted by The Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (Akfed), is exploring the option of ADR/GDR along ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has stated that banks cannot levy charges on paper-based transactions.
Corporation Bank (Corp Bank) is looking at acquiring a bank in the west or north and may rope in OIC alliance partners - Indian ...
US financial major GE Money, the consumer finance unit of General Electric, has decided to exit the two-wheeler finance business ...
R-Money, the Anil Ambani groups retail brokerage arm which offers trading on on-shore and offshore exchanges, plans to set up ...
Financial institutions (FIs), led by the General Insurance Corporation of India and the Life Insurance Corporation of India, have ...
The Reserve Bank of India has recommended the names of State Bank of India (SBI) and Bank of India (BoI) to its Pakistani ...
With the inflation rate expected to go down from 6 per cent (currently) to five per cent in the next three months, the countrys ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $254 million to $204.135 billion for the week ended April 27, according to data released by ...
HDFC has recorded a rise of 25 per cent in net profit at Rs 1570.38 crore for the year ended 2006-07, compared with Rs 1257.3 ...
Chennai-based ALEgION Insurance Services Limited is eyeing Rs 350 crore premium this fiscal as against Rs 100 crore achieved last ...
Aviva Life Insurance will open 22 more branches in south India taking the total to 42 during the current year.

The Bank of Maharashtra has chalked out major expansion plans for Punjab and Haryana.
The bank will add 50 branches across the ...
ING Vysya Bank is all set to ramp up its business in India.
After ING took full control of the banks management in 2002, the ...
For tapping high growth units in special economic zones (SEZs), a host of Indian banks had established offshore banking units ...
With its recent entry into India, AIG Global Investment Group (AIGGIG) has plans to roll out new schemes in sectors such as real ...
Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) plans to step up its funding support to corporates, especially small and medium ...
May form part of the review of the ECB policy.
The Bombay High Court has ruled that Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has to honour claims made by lenders, that is ...
Transfer of insurance policies may now be allowed only on certain conditions.The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority ...
Companies start hedging in anticipation of the rupee depreciating to 43.75/$.
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) reported 6.46 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 83.98 crore for the fourth quarter-ended March 31, ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has announced a revision of interest rates on domestic term deposits with effect from May 1, 2007. ...
Andhra Bank will hold 25 per cent equity in a joint venture bank being promoted in Malaysia in association with Bank of Baroda ...
In a major relief to banks, the Reserve bank of India today allowed the banks to include direct finance to corporates for ...
The UTI Bank board has found a way to retain P J Nayak at the helm by recommending his name as the executive chairman for two ...
Gruh Finance Ltd, a subsidiary of HDFC Ltd, is likely to enter three more states by the year 2010 increasing it presence from ...
The capital adequacy of banks will fall by 50 basis points in 2007-08 and by as much as 75 basis points each in the second and ...
In a major relief to banks, the Reserve Bank of India today included direct finance to corporates for agriculture and allied ...
UTI Bank will now be known as Axis Bank, following a board recommendation at a meeting in Mumbai today.
The change would be ...
Bank of Maharashtra registered a net profit of Rs 75.27 crore in the fourth quarter ending March 2007, while it registered a loss ...
Deccan Grameena Bank (DGB), sponsored by State Bank of Hyderabad, is planning to add 10 branches this year to its existing ...
Vijaya Bank has returned to profitability and registered a net profit of Rs 63.65 crore in the fourth quarter of 2006-08 compared ...
Uco Bank today posted 61.22 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 316 crore for 2006-07 against Rs 196 crore in the same period ...
Andhra Banks net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, recorded almost zero growth at Rs 138.77 crore on a total income ...
With the number of life insurers launching health insurance products increasing fast, SBI Life Insurance too has announced its ...
Vijaya Bank today reported a net profit of Rs 63.65 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2007 when compared with a net ...
The board of directors of UTI Bank, which met today, approved a proposal to change the name of the bank to Axis ...
Its raining dollars in the Indian stock market as overseas investments on the local bourses this year have already crossed the ...
Liquidity
Several small companies are raising private equity (PE) to meet their capital expenditure needs instead of tapping the primary ...
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB), a leading private bank in the South, has signed an MoU with IDBI Capital Market Services Limited to offer ...
Metlife India Insurance has launched two new financial products  Sumangali and Vidyakiran  exclusively for the customers of ...
Impressed by the response from customers in North East, Punjab National Bank (PNB) recently upgraded its regional office in ...
State Bank of Hyderabad, an associate bank of State Bank of India, would become Basel II compliant by September 2007, according ...
A severe staff crunch at the branches for managing the front desk operations has compelled the State Bank of India to resume ...
Biggest fund-raising by an Indian firm: Rs 15,000cr public offer, Rs 5,000cr ADR.

Corporation Bank today posted a net profit of Rs 118.47 crore for the quarter ended March 31, up 18.15 per cent compared with Rs ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce today posted a marginal increase of 2.94 per cent in its net profit at Rs 826.81 crore for 2006-07 ...
ICICI Bank, the second largest bank, today reported a nearly flat growth in net profit for the fourth quarter of 2006-07 due to ...
Bank of Baroda has posted a 17.65 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 245.66 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 2007 as ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
ICICI Bank today reported a 14% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 2,760.63 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 when ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today reported a 4% increase in net profit at Rs 580.81 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 ...
Corporation Bank today reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 516.19 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 as against Rs 443 ...
Bank of Baroda today reported a net profit of Rs 1,026.47 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 as against Rs 826.97 crore in ...
Faced with an increase in defaults on home loans, banks are beginning to feel the bite after growing their portfolios at ...
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, the fourth-largest arranger for equity-linked sales in Asia, expects India and China to be the ...
Even as Barclays Bank and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) fight a pitched battle overseas to take over ABN Amro Bank, the RBS has ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised the ceiling on liquidity it can suck out from the banking system for the second time ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y V Reddy said the inflation target of 5 per cent was a self-imposed ceiling of the ...
The permanant account number (PAN) will be the sole identification number for all stock market transactions from July 2, ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEOYV ...
The central government, in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India, has revised the ceiling for outstandings under the market ...
O P Bhatt, chairman, State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, today cautioned against rising defaults on housing loans, ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $789 million to $203.881 billion for the week ended April 20, according to the weekly ...
The Karnataka zone of Bank of India registered 36 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 83 crore in the fiscal ended March 31, 2007, ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Co, an Indian financier of public works, may begin raising the equivalent of $500 million in ...
State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur (SBBJ) has recorded a net profit of Rs 305 crore for 2006-07 compared with Rs 145 crore in ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has shelved its IPO plan for the current fiscal.
The decision comes after its capital restructuring ...
The hike in service charges by commercial banks has come under the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) lens.
This follows the apex bank ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will soon file a special leave petition (SLP) before the Supreme Court to prevent ...
The spot rupee today breached the barrier of 41 to the dollar for the first time since 1998 following huge corporate inflows, ...
The All India Bank Officers Association (AIBOA) is setting up an Institute of Banking & Trade Union Research at Mamallapuram ...
I believe the thrust this time is on liquidity management and monetary transmission, on the basis of the principle that efficacy ...
T will not be surprised if the governor announces further monetary tightening measures to curb inflation.
The governor has played ...
Mumbai, the financial capital of India, has emerged as the most risk-averse city, according to a survey, conducted by HSBC India. ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) will set up a separate company, CERMA, to foray into trust, will and real estate management ...
The tax burden on foreign banks , which avail of funds from their parents for operations in India, may go up substantially ...
Public sector banks, which did not raise interest rates on home loans since January, are likely to pass on the benefit of lower ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEOICICI ...
The rupee zoomed past the 41 per dollar for the first time in nine years today on robust inflows.The rupee ended at 40.91 ...
The Reserve Bank, which promised to keep inflation rate close to 5% in 2007-08 while stopping short of calling it the official ...
The local currency deposit rating of State Bank of India (SBI) has been upgraded four notches by Moody's to A1, which  makes ...
Deutsche Bank has infused Rs 625 crore capital in its Indian operations.
This is the second tranche of a Rs 1,125 crore capital ...
Dena Bank has posted a 175% jump in net profit at Rs 201.56 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 (FY07) when compared with Rs ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEOY ...
The government securities market witnessed a rally during the day, following the decision of the Reserve Bank of India to take a ...
No need to change exchange rate policy: Reddy.
Opens capital outflow tap to manage liquidity.

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has clarified that the co-operative banks are not covered by the Right to Information (RTI) Act ...
The headline inflation rate rose to 6.09 per cent for the week-ended April 7, way above the central bank's target range of ...
O P Bhatt Chairman, State bank of india
The appreciating rupee could pose significant challenge to export industry.
There are measures to cool the rupee to some extent which will be beneficial for software companies.
It is heartening to note that the Reserve Bank has finally, though reluctantly, allowed the rupee to appreciate.
We are awaiting the norms on how much the individual fund house limit will go up.
The RBI has proposed a differentiated banking licence policy that could allow some banks to seek licence for a specific activity ...
Bankers may not pass on benefit of lower risk weighting
For small and medium enterprises, the credit policy has brought much needed relief with SMEs being allowed to hedge foreign ...
The RBI has set up a working group to review the interest rate futures market.
Metal producers and users and aviation companies can now hedge their price risks on international commodity exchanges through ...
Non-resident Indians (NRI) will now have to settle for lower returns from their deposits in India.
The central bank has reduced ...
The increase in overseas investments will help mutual funds improve scale of operations.
With overseas borrowings by Indian companies touching a record high in FY 2006-07 at $23 billion, the RBI has decided to allow ...
The RBI decision gives individuals wider scope to invest up to $1,00,000 in overseas instruments.
With the RBI allowing listed corporates to invest 35 per cent of their net worth in the listed companies abroad, the stage is set ...
The RBI has raised the overseas investment limit for Indian companies, in joint ventures and subsidiaries abroad, to 300 per cent ...
Large foreign currency inflows appear to be the prime concern for Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy.

Morgan Stanley CapitalInternational Incs MSCI Barra unit will create a ``global family of equity indexes complying with ...
Welcoming the Reserve Bank of Indias annual policy statement, industry chambers said the measures enhancing the overseas ...
Last weeks bounce in the stock market helped index funds deliver the highest returns across all categories of funds at 3.99 per ...
I would certainly feel that I have earned a nice, stiff gin and tonic when I sit on my lovely verandah tonight.
And, sipping my ...
M B N Rao, chairman and managing director, Canara Bank.

Schroders Plc, a 204-year-old London fund manager, wants to open a mutual-fund business in India to tap demand for investments ...
Hyderabad-based AP Mahesh Cooperative Urban Bank Limited (Mahesh Bank) is in the process of expanding its branch network in the ...
MGB Gramin Bank, one of the major regional rural Banks (RRB) working in Rajasthan, has decided to expand.
The Bank has decided to ...
Mumbai-based Yes Bank has posted 71 per cent growth in its net profit at Rs 94.36 crore for the financial year ended March 31, ...
The rupee again ended at a 9-year high today, as exporters sold dollars on views that inflows will continue to be strong as ...
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd, part of the Mahindra Group has registered a 23 per cent growth in net profit at ...
A Reserve Bank of India committee on Tuesday suggested aligning the restructuring norms for those advances not under corporate ...
Indias largest private non-life insurer ICICI Lombard General Insurance will now focus on achieving a larger share of premium ...
HDFC Banks net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2007 rose by 30.5 per cent to Rs 343.6 crore as against Rs 263.21 crore ...
Leading industry associations welcomed the annual monetary and credit policy of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). While ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today left its key signalling rates unchanged after a series of reinforcing measures in the preceding ...
HDFC Bank today posted a 30.55% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,150.96 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 (FY07) ...
Yes Bank today reported a 71% increase in net profit at Rs 94.36 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 when compared with Rs ...
The feel-good Credit Policy saw the rupee surge 51 paise against the US dollar, and was traded at 41.17 per dollar in noon deals ...
The stance of monetary policy in 2007-08 would be conditioned by the global and, more particularly, domestic developments, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced a series of steps to liberalise foreign exchange usage for both corporates and ...
A day before announcing its 2007-08 annual monetary policy, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put on hold the proposed increase ...
Barclays, Britains third-largest bank, may shift 10,800 full-time jobs to low-cost destinations, including India, after its ...
Private sector lender South Indian Bank today reported 38 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 22.5 crore in the fourth quarter of ...
Indian Bank posted a 69.09 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 235.31 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, compared with ...
The rapid rise in the interest rates has begun to impact the home loan seekers.
The commercial banks have seen a 2 per cent dip ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) registered a 41.73 per cent increase in its March 2007 quarter net profit at Rs 289.76 crore as ...
The rupee was overvalued by 12.21 per cent as on April 18, 2007, according to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The rupee, which ...
Business expectations for April-June 2007 have dipped as lesser number of companies expect an increase in profit margins, ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group has recommended that the norms for restructuring of retail loans, including housing ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
Banks are expecting a 25-basis-point increase in the repo rate (7.75 per cent at present)  the central bank's short-term lending ...
Indicating further tightening of the credit policy, the Reserve Bank today decided to keep in abeyance measures announced in ...
British banking giant Barclays will add thousands of new employees to its India headcount following the takeover of its Dutch ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB)  has posted a net profit of Rs 1008.43 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 (FY07) whereas the ...
Indian Bank has posted a 50% jump in net profit at Rs 759.77 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 (FY07) when compared with Rs ...
Bank of India has posted a 60% jump in net profit at Rs 1123.17 crore for the year ended March 31, 2007 (FY07) when compared with ...
The spot rupee zoomed to a new 9-year high on Monday driven by strong capital inflows.
The rupee was traded around 41.63 ...
Banks are expecting a 25-basis-point increase in the repo rate (7.75 per cent at present)  the central bank's short-term lending ...
SBI Life, the third largest private life insurance company of the country, is eyeing 250 percent growth during the current ...
As part of its liquidity tightening measures, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may discontinue overdraft facility offered to banks ...
LiquidityLikely to remain soft
Nationalised lender Bank of India (BoI) today posted 75.68 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 447.44 crore for the fourth quarter ...
Banks to also charge 50-100 bps more for Rs 20 lakh-plus loans.

Banks offer to extend repayment tenures up to 25 yrs.
The government bonds rose for the second week on speculation banks will purchase more debt to meet minimum holding needs as their ...
Commercial banks are seeking the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) permission to issue long-term infrastructure bonds with tax ...
The rupee rose the most in a week in more than a year on speculation the central bank wont stem gains after inflation ...
An improvement in interest margins helped Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) post 12.3 per cent growth in net profit at ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has suggested that banks start levying a charge on clearing of cheques to expedite the switch ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has shown concern regarding Gujarats slow year-on-year growth of deposits compared to the all ...
The Union Cabinet today gave its approval to amend the State Bank of India (Subsidiary Banks Laws) Amendment Bill, 2006 to give ...
Forex market
It is a more focused approach compared with raising interest rates.
One in three home loan borrowers have either witnessed a 25 per cent rise in their equated monthly installments (EMIs) or their ...
Loans extended to minority communities would soon qualify for priority sector lending.
The finance ministry has asked the Reserve ...
Banks have asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to review the ceiling on investment by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram has asked public sector banks to go slow on disbursals of home and other consumption loans ...
Banks have requested the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to allow them to prepay high-cost deposits, to avoid liquidity and interest ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has approached the government and the Reserve Bank of India ...
Trading in rupee futures in India appears far off as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) considers it as the last leg of the ...
Commercial banks have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to raise the cap on individual home loans for the purpose of ...
Former US treasury secretary Lawrence H Summers today came out strongly in support of the Indian governments move to invest a ...
SBI Life is planning to tap co-operative banks and regional rural banks (RRBs) to spruce up sales of its insurance products.

European banking and insurance major Fortis is planning to foray into wealth management and equity broking business in India to ...
SBI Life is planning to tap the co-operative banks and the regional rural banks (RRBs) to spruce up sales of its insurance ...
IDBI Bank today raised its retail reference rate (RRR), the benchmark used for pricing floating rate home loans, by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is seriously considering the option of clamping down on overseas financing for real estate in a ...
In the run-up to the RBI Monetary Policy Review on April 24, a cross-section of banking sector experts share their views on what ...
UTI Bank is likely to raise around Rs 2,000 crore through a follow-on equity issue in 2007-08 to shore up its tier I capital.

The National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development (Nabard) has decided to extend the moratorium period for recovering ...
UTI Bank today said its net profit in the fourth quarter ended March 2007 rose 40 per cent with the rapid growth in corporate ...
The Vijayawada region of Vijaya Bank pooled deposits worth Rs 712.36 crore and advanced loans totalling Rs 618.64 crore in a ...
UTI Bank, on a standalone basis, today reported a 39.6% increase in net profit at Rs 211.89 crore for the fourth quarter ended ...
The rupee continued its upward march and appreciated further to 41.85/87 against US currency in late morning deals following ...
Banks are considering setting up a domestic card payment settlement company, called India Pay, that would rival global payment ...
Nearly 4,000 clerical cadre and staff have sought early retirement from the countrys largest commercial bank, State Bank of ...
Deposit schemes for non-resident Indians (NRIs) could become unattractive as part of attempts to check foreign exchange inflows. ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will seek information from chairmen of public sector banks on the extent of reduction in their ...
The rupee today surged past the 42 mark against the dollar on continuing foreign inflows and sale of foreign currency holding by ...
Dena Gujarat Gramin Bank (DGGB) has managed to bring down its present gross non performing assets (NPAs) by 1.40 per cent ...
International banks are keen to extend close to Rs 10,000 crore assistance to the huge capacity addition plans proposed with an ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India has registered a first premium income of Rs 39,541 crore for FY06-07 against Rs 18,085 ...
Strong capital flows are posing a challenge to central banks in emerging markets to sustain financial stability.
Such flows, ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will stop paying interest on banks cash reserve ratio (CRR) balances with it following the ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed past the $200 billion mark for the week ended April 6, 2007.According to the weekly ...
The merger of Kochi based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) with the Centurion Bank of Punjab (CboP) is in doldrums, as the case pending ...
The activists of the Republican Party of India (RPI) have threatened to launch agitation against various branches of the ICICI ...
The fall in call money rate today made liquid plans a more attractive investment option for banks to park their money in the ...
The appreciating rupee is helping the government in its fight against inflation.
It is impacting the prices of key commodities ...
IDBI, UTI seek EPFO investment pie.

Transactions jump 57% to to Rs 2,10,473 crore.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has relaxed the provisioning norms for bank advances extended to infrastructure projects. ...
A mid-sized new private sector bank is hiring around 1,400 sales personnel on a temporary basis to expand its reach to 250 new ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) has hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 75 basis points.
The new rate, applicable ...
Max New York Life (MNYL) is planning to introduce its hub and spokes model in Gujarat, Maharashtra and Haryana to up its ...
Dubais commodity derivatives exchange will list a futures contract on the Indian rupee in the next two months, the first time ...
Growing business opportunities fuelled by a robust economy and an increasing number of private equity investors are prompting ...
The central banks of Singapore, Malaysia, the Philippines and India may be selling their currencies to stem gains and protect ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram today backed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its steps to moderate inflation and credit ...
Public sector lenders Punjab National Bank, Union Bank of India and Oriental Bank of Commerce today announced 75 bps increase in ...
Home, personal and retail loans of Punjab National Bank could cost more from this month, with the country's second largest public ...
Bankers expect growth rate to halve to 15% in 08.
ICICI Bank has been fined Rs 2.2 lakh by Hong Kongs Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) for breach of licence.
The regulator ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy has said management of capital inflows can be a tough job.
We are an emerging economy ...
Private life insurers are witnessing an increasing number of sales accruing from their capital guarantee plans (CGPs). 85 per ...
ICICI Bank, the largest lender to microfinance institutions (MFIs), is stepping up its direct term lending to meet the funding ...
Delays in land acquisition, construction risks are among the major constraints for flow of foreign investments into ...
Apnaloan.com, a online market portal for loan products, plans to add more services to its ...
South Indias first Building Fire Research Centre (BFRC) of the National Institute of Engineering (NIE) in Mysore has fabricated ...
Standard Chartered Bank is planning to launch private banking business in India.
This was announced by Neeraj Swaroop, chief ...
The Bank of Japan have voted unanimously to keep interest rates unchanged.The Bank of Japan interest rates stand ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias efforts to squeeze out excess liquidity in the economy through a hike in short-term interest rates ...
With the cash reserve ratio hikes kicking in, the Reserve Bank of India is unlikely to sell government bonds under the Market ...
The Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development-promoted Development Credit Bank (DCB) is all set to go rural after achieving the ...
The growing Indo-China trade and a large retail market in the communist nation is enticing Indian banks to tap opportunities in ...
Raises PLR by 75 bps; spares home loans up to Rs 10 lakh.
Sundaram Finance will host the annual meet of the International Finance and Leasing Association (IFLA), a network of leading ...
Visakhapatnam-based Kanakamahalakshmi Cooperative Bank registered 80 per cent growth in gross profits during 2006-07 at Rs 120.62 ...
Indians were highly aware of life insurance but the penetration levels were low, according to the Max New York-NCAER India ...
Commercial banks in West Bengal are expecting to disburse around Rs 10,581 crore against the annual credit plan of Rs 10,925 ...
Scrips going for initial public offering (IPO) in future may have limited movement on debut day as the Sebi has, as a step ...
Richard Smee is a partner in Ernst & Young (E&Y) where he leads the firms services to the real estate ...
LIQUIDITYSet to relax
Punjab National Bank, the country's second-biggest public sector lender, plans to cut exposure to personal loans, including home ...
The bank yesterday announced an across-the-board hike of 50 bps in lending rates.
IDBI Bank is planning to enter the private equity (PE)and mutual funds businesses.
IDBI will submit its application for MF ...
State Bank of India has revised upwards the benchmark prime lending rate (referred as SBAR) by 50 bps from 12.25% p.a. to 12.75% ...
The Reserve Bank of India was in the process of identifying illiquid government bonds for buyback and issuing liquid gilts, ...
Commercial banks in West Bengal are expecting to disburse around Rs 10,581 crore against the annual credit plan of Rs 10,925 ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.43 billion to $199.18 billion during the week ended March 30, according to the weekly ...
Dena Bank is aiming at further reduction in its gross non-performing assets (NPA) during the financial year 2007-08.
Ahmedabad-based Shri Mahila Sewa Sahakari Bank Ltd., the micro-finance wing of the Self Employed Womens Association (SEWA), aims ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) assumed the lead among the public sector banks for raising the prime lending rate (PLR), while the countrys ...
The Indian central banks monetary shock therapy has left the countrys newly leveraged middle class gasping for breath.
Last ...
Mid-corporates, small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and agriculture are driving SBIs credit growth even as retail loans are ...
The Bank of England left its benchmark interest rate unchanged today, awaiting more signs of inflation pressures before deciding ...
Union Bank of India has scaled down its credit growth in 2006-07 to 16.5 per cent as against 25 per cent projected at the ...
As many as 18 public sector banks have defaulted in filing their monthly statements of Banking Cash Transaction Tax (BCTT) ...
Securities Trading Corporation of India has put 49% stake on the block.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) took the lead among public sector banks to raise its prime lending rate (PLR), while the country's largest ...
Banks' term deposits swelled in the last three months, but bankers arent happy because the increase has come at the cost of ...
P J Nayak, chairman and managing director of UTI Bank, has decided to quit after his term ends on July 31, 2007 as the Reserve ...
The rupee declined, reversing gains earlier today, on speculation importers bought dollars after the local currency reached the ...
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan today reiterated the need for low inflation and inflationary expectation for ...
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), which listed in October after the worlds largest initial public offering to ...
Feeling the pinch of rising cost of funds, public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said it may raise prime lending ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
The mutual fund (MF) industry grew nearly 41% in FY07 to Rs 3,26,328.47 crore as against Rs 2,31,045.38 crore in FY06.
With this, ...
The rupee soared to a fresh eight-year high in early trades today, after it breached the 43/$-mark. The dollar hit an intra-day ...
In an effort to check the misuse of export credit by small exporters who benefit from the interest rate arbitrage between ...
Growth in the home loan market may see a drop of 10 percentage points or more from the current 30 per cent following the recent ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has revised the interest rates on NRE and FCNR deposits from April 1.

Allahabad Bank has announced further increase in the card rates of term deposits with effect from April 2.

With an aim to improve the performance of its employees, Jammu and Kashmir Bank has announced a new package of incentives and ...
The ICICI Bank will be locating the back office operations of the Southern region of the country in Hyderabad Financial District, ...
Bonds slumped the most in almost three months, the biggest fluctuation in any government debt market today, after the central ...
The rupee rose, the biggest fluctuation of any currency today, as lenders sold dollars to meet new reserve requirements from the ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB), the fifth largest bank in India, is realigning its operations into four business lines - retail, rural and ...
Central Bank of India, a mid-sized Mumbai-based public sector bank, has finalised five merchant bankers for its initial public ...
The Temasek Holdings-promoted Fullerton India Credit Company (FICC) has set its eyes on Indias 50 million underserved masses in ...
The inflation tolerance level in India is low relative to many developing countries because of democratic pressures, Dr Y V ...
The expert committee on making Mumbai an international financial centre, chaired by former World Bank economist Percy S Mistry, ...
Private sector lenders Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), its subsidiary HDFC Bank and UTI Bank today raised their ...
United Bank of India (UBI) is aiming to achieve a business target of Rs 1 lakh crore, with a net profit of Rs 500crore by March ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may end its policy of increasing interest rates this year because rising borrowing costs since ...
The rupee may fall this week on speculation the central bank will sell the currency to help banks meet an increase in the cash ...
Reinsurance renewals and corporate renewals for 2007-08 were concluded today.
With insurers offering discounts in excess of 50 ...
Its not just the retail customer who is fretting over the rising interest rates.
Small and medium enterprises (SME) have also ...
Inflation tolerance level in India is low relative to many developing countries because of democratic pressures, said the Reserve ...
Over half of the outstanding home loans have become expensive with Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) following ICICI ...
After many years of being in the red, term lending institution IFCI is on the verge of announcing a major turnaround with a ...
Bank shares are likely to fall next week after Reserve Bank of India surprised many market players by hiking the repo rate and ...
Investments are pouring in for the fixed maturity plans (FMPs) as investors rush to park their funds for a period of slightly ...
There seems to be a rush to open new demat accounts by investors with a total of about 15 lakh accounts getting opened in the ...
Overseas borrowings through foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) by Indian companies took a backseat in 2006-07. Sixty nine ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has suggested creation of a private sector self-financing regulatory ...
LiquidityDecisive factor to the fore
The ICICI Bank will be establishing 14 finance chairs in 14 business schools across the country.
Under this initiative, the Bank ...
Banks have embarked on another round of increase in lending rates following the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) move on ...
Banks have embarked on another round of lending rate increases across the board, following the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) ...
Important definitions in medical policies that one needs to know.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today abandoned its monetary policy stance of equal emphasis on price stability and growth, and ...
The interbank call rates touched an intra-day high of 70 per cent on the last trading day of the financial year, signalling ...
Banks may not fully pass on higher costs to customers.

Punjab National Bank has hiked the spread on loans to commercial real estate and large non-deposit taking NBFCs by 50 basis ...
The countrys foreign exchange reserves increased by $25.6 billion during April-December 2006, with foreign investment and ...
The near-doubling of flows from non-resident Indians (NRIs) and services exports narrowed the countrys current account deficit ...
Here are some reactions to the RBI move to hike CRR by 50 bps and repo rate by 25 bps today:
Yes Bank today announced a hike in PLR by 75 bps to 14.75% effective April 1, 2007.An official release issued by the bank ...
Call rate hit a high of 70% in intra-day deals today before finally closing around 30% due to tight liquidity.
The prices of ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.789 billion to $197.746 billion for the week ended March 23, 2007, according to the ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has selected UK-based Legal and General as foreign joint venture partner for starting life insurance ...
IndusInd Bank has raised $33.83 million via global depository receipts (GDRs).The finance committee of the board at its ...
Punjab National Bank, the second largest public sector bank, has raised the interest rate on loans to commercial real estate and ...
The rupee had its biggest single-day fall in 11 years against the dollar on Thursday, amid buying of dollars by importers ...
Micro-finance institutions (MFIs) too have been bitten by the technology bug.
The Ahmedabad-based Shri Mahila Sewa Sahakari Bank ...
The Allianz group, the German financial services major, is leaving no stone unturned to secure a banking licence from the Reserve ...
The much-awaited trading in corporate bonds will start on the National and the Bombay Stock Exchanges from July 1.
This is ...
Syndicate Bank has entered into a memorandum of understanding with Credit Analysis and Research Ltd (CARE), a credit rating ...
The government is likely to cap foreign direct investment (FDI) in credit information bureaus at 49 per cent, as it prepares ...
Forex Market
The government is likely to cap foreign direct investment (FDI) in credit information bureaus at 49%, as it prepares guidelines ...
Arresting the three-day strong rally, the rupee today slipped to 43.40/43 per dollar in late morning trades on fairly good buying ...
Call money rate touches an intra-day peak of 30%.
What began as small investments in stocks about 10 years ago, has pushed once small-time investor Ramchand Bhavnani to an ...
The Self Employed Women's Association (SEWA) along with its wings Shri Mahila Sewa Sahakari Bank Ltd and insurance branch Vimo ...
The rupee rose to the highest since June 1999 as banks bought the currency to replenish funds after companies paid taxes ahead of ...
Banks have asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to allow them to provide doorstep cash delivery services to individuals also. ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the public sector life insurer, wants the government to provide it the first right to purchase ...
Forex Market
Banks have approached Reserve Bank of India (RBI) with a proposal for allowing them to provide doorstep cash delivery services to ...
The spot rupee hit a high of 43.11 per dollar - a tad higher than the July 2005 high of 43.115, and a high never seen since ...
What began as small investments in stocks about 10 years ago has pushed investor Ramchand Bhavnani to an enviable position today ...
Inter-bank call money rates are likely to shoot up to 25-30 per cent towards the end of this week as the financial year-end ...
The Ahmedabad based Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA) operated Shri Mahila SEWA Sahakari Bank Ltd. has got the Reserve ...
Under pressure from shareholders, Citigroup is planning to shed thousands of jobs and focus outside North America for growth', ...
Vijaya Banks plans to acquire a bank may materialise by 2009.
The bank is looking at acquiring a bank with network in the ...
Andhra Bank and Kingfisher Airlines on Monday entered into a tie-up to offer customers the purchase of air tickets through the ...
Government bonds fell for the second day after the central bank said it will triple the size of debt sales meant to absorb ...
Indias rupee closed at a 20-month high on speculation investors abroad will increase purchases of the nations stocks.
It could be a major jolt for cooperative banks in the country.
The Bombay High Court has ordered that the recovery certificates ...
Most public sector banks are anticipating a much slower growth in net profit in the fourth quarter of 2006-07. A year-on-year ...
All advertisements selling insurance products will need to contain information on risks involved, costs and charges and ...
Temasek Holdings Pte and Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC) are expected to get approval by June to own 10% ...
Ind-Bank Merchant Banking Services, a subsidiary of Indian Bank engaged in banking, stock broking, depository participations and ...
The Bank of Baroda (BoB) today said it is planning to foray into the life insurance business with a European partner soon.
ICICI Bank, the countrys biggest lender by market value, expects the share of its profit derived from international business to ...
Bank shares are likely to remain flat next week as investors have covered short positions and will now wait for the fourth ...
LiquidityLikely to ease
Keeping an eye on the foreign markets, Union Bank of India is set to open its first overseas branch at Shanghai in China next ...
MEDICAL INSURANCE: With spiralling costs, it is important that you read the fine print in your insurance policy.

Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.547 billion to $195.957 billion for the week ended March 16, according to the weekly ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has instructed banks to furnish data on frauds, thefts and burglaries on a quarterly basis to the ...
The 10-year bonds advanced during the week, ending three weeks of losses, on speculation that a drop in money market interest ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has taken a fancy for fixed deposits, which is not a traditional investment avenue ...
The rupee had its biggest weekly gain in more than 15 months after tax payments sapped funds from the banking system.

Policyholders of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) have a reason to smile.
The sovereign guarantee that LIC enjoys will ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd (Kotak Life Insurance) is planning to achieve 120 per cent growth in its total ...
For the first time in the history of the cooperative banking sector in the state, the Maharashtra State Co-operative Bank Limited ...
UTI Bank has set a target to raise its total business to Rs 2,350 crore in Kerala.

Planning to buy a plasma television this cricket season?
Buy it through an equated monthly installment card (EMI card) rather ...
Indian bonds rose the most in more than seven weeks, the biggest fluctuation in any government debt market today, as investors ...
Indias rupee slumped the most in almost three weeks on speculation the central bank will sell the currency after it reached a ...
Insurance companies are expected to get greater leeway in investing policyholders funds with the addition of mortgage-backed ...
It is Finance Minister P Chidambarams meeting with leaders of public sector bank unions that averted the three-day bank strike ...
In a big relief to millions of customers, United Forum of Bank Unions, an umbrella body of nine employees and officers unions, ...
RBI injects Rs 45,000 cr liquidity.
Indian bonds gained, snapping a three-day decline, on optimism that banks will buy debt to meet reserves as their deposits ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had five months ago cautioned banks that it was undesirable on their part to chase liquidity at ...
Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) V Leeladhar has strongly criticised Indian banks for not implementing various ...
Indias rupee rose for a fifth day, the best run in more than a month, on speculation that lenders bought the currency as tax ...
The US-based brokerage and investment bank Merrill Lynch, which recently hiked its stake in India Infoline to 14.10 per cent, is ...
Mangalore-headquartered public sector Vijaya Bank is planning to set up 350 new ATMs across the country during the next fiscal. ...
The countrys ten largest banks have conveyed to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that the continued tightness in lendable ...
Money market rates today touched nine-year highs as the liquidity squeeze in the banking system worsened.
The overnight call ...
Disinvestment clause for Indian promoters may go.
Hits 60% before closing at 17% as banks see outflows of Rs 40K cr towards tax payments.

The Zurich-based Credit Suisse has entered into an joint venture with General Electric (GE) for an infrastructure fund.
The fund
...
Mumbai-based financial services company Edelweiss today announced foray into asset management and non-banking financial company ...
Global investment bank, Morgan Stanley is looking at expanding in India by entering into fixed income business, building a strong ...
Indias 10-year bonds dropped for a third day as the cost of overnight funds rose to the highest this year, making it more ...
The five-year tax saver deposit product introduced by Finance Minister P Chidambaram in 2006 budget has got luke warm response ...
Benfield, the third largest reinsurance broker in the world with an annual turnover of $590 million, will enter India shortly ...
Indias rupee rose to its highest in almost 19 months on speculation that lenders bought the currency after tax payments last ...
Indias rupee rose to its highest in almost 19 months on speculation that lenders bought the currency after tax payments last ...
In a significant move to help the farmers of Uttar Pradesh, the State Bank of India and Nabard have joined hands to establish a ...
United India Insurance Co (UIIC) expects to earn an income of around Rs 1,300-1,400 crore from its investment portfolio at the ...
Reliance Money, the financial solutions arm of Reliance Capital of ADAG group, is planning to invest Rs 25 crore for installing a ...
Dutch banking giant ABN Amro, the target of intense takeover speculation, would give the winner enhanced presence in a range ...
Market regulator Sebi is likely to consider modalities for the short selling of shares by institutional investors at its board ...
Top Dutch financial conglomerate, Rabobank International, is betting big on the Indian telecom and media segments which it says ...
Top bankers have said the rate war among banks, which has pushed up interests on deposits to as much as 9 and 9.5 per cent, have ...
Unlike last year when private equity participants exited through strategic deals with third party investors, this year PEs are ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to create a regulatory framework to monitor factoring business in the country.

Investor Services of India (ISIL), which has been acting as registrar and transfer agent (RTA) for bond/ debt issues in the last ...
Sharekhan, the retail broking arm of Mumbai-based financial services group SSKI, is raising resources to pursue its plans for ...
Liquidity Likely to tighten
Insurance costs have been rising in India following the elimination of the fixed tariff regime.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has drawn up an extensive overseas expansion plan, which includes acquisition of an African bank, increasing ...
General Electric Cos consumer finance unit will use joint ventures for retail banking in markets including India, China and ...
Like in other markets, the insurance company will use the banking channel almost exclusively to sell life insurance products.
INSURANCE ABROAD: Mediclaim is the perfect way to enjoy your vacation without any financial stress.
The call money rate was back into double digits today after three months, following an estimated outflow of around Rs 40,000 ...
Indias bonds fell on third consecutive week after a report showed inflation accelerated more than expected.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has advised the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to continue with its monetary tightening policy ...
The past four years have seen the vehicle finance market grow two and a half times, with rising income levels and easy ...
Dena Bank, a leading mid-size public sector bank, is eyeing the non-life insurance business in the near future as the insurance ...
HSBC group Chairman Stephen K Green today said there had been a reduction in global imbalances this year with European economies ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India's proposal to make changes in Clause 49 of the listing agreement has led to compliance ...
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex today closed up 14.23 points (0.11 per cent) at 12,543 points, as it lost strong ...
The government securities fell the most in a week after RBI Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan said the bank would act swiftly to curb ...
Individuals account for 77 per cent of savings bank deposits, forming the mainstay of banks credit operations, but they get a ...
The top management at Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank is working overnight to chalk out a recast plan.
A committee to explore ...
Corporation Bank & LIC are to explore new areas of collaboration to create opportunities in specialised areas of financial ...
ICICI Bank today said it was keen on foraying into pension funds but was awaiting the passage of the long-pending Pension Fund ...
The rising interest rates are expected to start denting profits of banks from the second quarter of 2007-08, according to Sanjay ...
Vallabh Bhansali-controlled Enam Financial Consultants, one of the leading home-grown investment banks in India, is learnt to be ...
Indian bonds gained on speculation policy measures taken by the central bank and the government will slow inflation and ease ...
The rupee today ended off lows, as banks liquidated dollars accumulated early in the day after they noted good supply from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said banks can use floating provisions only to offset losses which are exceptional and ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will continue to actively manage liquidity to ensure inflation expectations are under control, said ...
The finance ministry has issued a guideline specifying the parameters and qualitative achievements that will be considered for ...
Munesh Khanna, formerly head of investment banking at Merrill Lynch & Co's unit in India, raised $300 million to invest in ...
The Hinduja group controlled, IndusInd Bank, is planning to raise around Rs 140 crore through global depository receipts (GDR) by ...
The possibility of merger of State Bank of India with its associate banks is unlikely to happen in the near future.

The bond prices ended down today as concerns over tight liquidity compounded following Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor Usha ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed urban cooperative banks (UCB) to grant loans to its directors and relatives against ...
The rupee gained on speculation accelerating economic growth will attract more overseas investors to local stocks.
Thrissur-based Catholic Syrian Banks (CSB) capital raising plans appear to have hit a roadblock.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
UTI Bank, a strong mid-sized private bank, today said it expects its loan portfolio to grow 30-40 per cent in 2007-08 and it ...
The huge rush for deposits is no longer limited to the last fortnight.
The race for garnering large deposits, at high costs, ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
The mad rush for deposits will not be the last fortnight phenomenon this year.
The race for garnering large deposits, at high ...
UTI Bank is planning to raise up to $754 million through its medium-term note (MTN) programme in the next financial year for ...
Interest rates have risen 300 basis points since January 2006.

The Karur Vysya Bank Limited (KVB), a leading private bank headquartered at Karur, has achieved Rs 1,078 crore in net-owned ...
Public sector Vijaya Bank plans to raise Rs 200 crore through an issue of upper tier II bonds in this month.

The 10-year bonds rose the most since January 31 after demand at a government debt auction last week increased as overnight loan ...
Healthy corporate credit demand will help ICICI Bank to grow its balance sheet despite slowdown in the consumer growth, according ...
The forthcoming public issue by rating agency ICRA Ltd will see State Bank of India (SBI) diluting its stake in the company by a ...
The 32nd annual conference of International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO), which concluded here today, favoured ...
PNB Housing Finance Limited (PNBHFL) is planning to raise interest rates by 50 basis points to 9.75 per cent, managing director V ...
Market regulator asks bankers to use real time gross settlement system for IPOs.
Consumer credit growth may slow down to 20-25% due to the rising interest rates and the base effect, K V Kamath, CEO, ICICI Bank ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has sought the permission of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to open two branches in ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today expressed confidence that the average net non-performing assets (NPAs) of public sector ...
Liquidity To be strained
Benchmark Asset Management Company today said it completed the allotment process for Gold BeES, the countrys first gold exchange ...
UTI Asset Management Company is close to forging a tie-up with a European bank for launching an offshore fund dedicated to ...
Regulation of hedge funds top on the agenda.
The Budget proposal to impose capital gains tax on transactions in works of art would qualify art as another asset class.
The ...
Soon standalone health insurance companies will be governed by separate regulations.
At present, health insurance companies are ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (IRDA) and non-life insurance companies are working towards setting up a ...
The rupee ended two weeks of losses on speculation some banks are selling dollars to raise local-currency funds before taxes due ...
Insurance companies have decided to reduce the third-party premium for vintage cars by 25 per cent.
In a letter to the Irda, K N ...
ICICI Bank, after aggressively growing its retail loans book over the last five years, is now banking on a reworked business ...
ICICI Bank, after aggressively growing its retail loans book over the last five years, is now banking on a reworked business ...
Expected to be half the rate of last 5 yrs.

The bonds fell on speculation corporate tax payments will drain cash from the banking system in the coming weeks, leaving lenders ...
The rupee gained as the benchmark stock index gained the most in eight months.
As someone said, once a banker
always a banker.
This is turning out to be true in the case of Ramesh Ramanathan, who quit his ...
Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) has raised interest rates on home loans for existing and new borrowers.
Floating rates ...
Securities markets regulators, representing various global stock exchanges, will discuss the governance issues created by the ...
Micro finance, global finance and technology are coming together in a first- of -its-kind venture to cater to the entire IT needs ...
Bonds dropped on speculation corporate tax payments will drain cash from the banking system, leaving lenders with less spare ...
The rupee dropped on speculation some importers will sell, betting gains in the currency may be limited, as the benchmark stock ...
Faced with a stiff price discount war, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked insurance companies ...
State Bank of India, the countrys largest commercial bank, will announce 50-100 basis points increase in lending rates this ...
State Bank of Indias market share dropped sharply in the nine months ended December 2006, as the countrys largest bank ...
The country's largest lender, the State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will shortly raise car and other personal loan rates, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed caps on inter-bank liabilities from April 1, 2007, as several banks, particularly the ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) will add another 30 ATM counters across Orissa in the next one and half months to achieve its ...
WORKPLACE: As part of an effort to create its 'employment brand' in the market, Max New York Life turns to those who have ...
The 10-year government bonds gained on speculation that a decline in money market rates will encourage banks to buy more debt ...
JM Financial has received offers for fresh alliances following its decision to part ways with its seven-year-old partner Morgan ...
The rupee gained the most in almost four months as the benchmark stock index rebounded, suggesting investor appetite for risk may ...
Lends Rs 75 crore for power unit.
The London-based Standard Chartered Bank has named Jaspal Bindra as the regional CEO - South East and South Asia.
The region ...
ICICI Bank expects its rural exposure to begin adding to profits in as early as 18 months, said K V Kamath, chief executive.

Haryana-based Raksha TPA, the countrys third-largest health insurance claims administrator, has set up a joint venture in Dubai ...
Europes largest banking group HSBC is entering Indias fast-expanding life insurance market, in a partnership with public sector ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) will add another 30 ATM counters across Orissa in the next one and half months to achieve its ...
The world's central bankers have a message for investors stung by last week's roller-coaster ride in financial markets: Don't ...
Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank has revised interest rates across its FCNR, NRE and RFC deposit schemes effective March 1, 2007.
The 10-year bonds pared losses on speculation the lowest interest rates in the local money market since December 2005 are ...
The rupee dropped the most in almost 10 months, as a collapse in global stocks extended to a second week, spurring speculation ...
The three-year loan party when bank credit rose by around 30 per cent annually is likely to increase the quantum of bad assets, ...
After a gap of one year, the Visakhapatnam Co-operative Bank (VCB), the second largest co-operative urban bank in Andhra Pradesh, ...
Europe's largest banking group, HSBC, is entering India's fast expanding life insurance market, jointly with public sector banks, ...
Public sector bank chiefs will soon have a reason to smile.
The finance ministry is expected to announce a performance-based ...
Bank to float ICICI Holdings to manage insurance, mutual fund business.
ICICI Bank, the country's second largest bank, ...
Public sector bank chiefs will soon have a reason to smile.
The finance ministry is expected to announce a performance-based ...
Bank to float ICICI Holdings to manage insurance, mutual fund business.

In the backdrop of a global meltdown, a market-unfriendly Budget saw the domestic stock market battered in the week ended ...
In a bid to absorb the heavy liquidity build-up in the banking system, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will resume issuing ...
Banks are finally following the advice of monetary authorities having consciously decided to curtail demand-fuelling loans to ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $4.212 billion to $193.124 billion for the week ended February 23, according to the weekly ...
Syndicate Bank on Thursday relaunched its oldest deposit scheme, Pigmy, with many new features.
The bank has named it as Pigmy ...
Max New York Life (MNYL), a joint venture between Max India Ltd and New York Life, has entered into strategic tie-ups with the ...
Indias key 10-year bond gained, ending two days of declines, as yields at the lowest in a week attracted investors to buy debt. ...
The rupee closed near the lowest in five weeks on speculation that a slump in stocks from last months record will prompt global ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) will offer guarantees to senior citizens availing of reverse mortgage facility from lenders to ...
Tax exemption on profits from long-term funding halved to 20% from 40%.
Hike in dividend distribution tax on debt plans may see cash switch to FDs.

Did you expect anything from the Budget?
PUBLIC DEBT:The move to separate the public debt management and monetary operations of the RBI stemmed from the conflicts ...
CO-OP BANKS:Deductions allowed on provision for bad debts and tax breaks on mergers and amalgamations.

HOUSING LOANS:A positive step for lenders, as they will be able to recover dues in a better way and the move will also ...
FARM CREDIT:The increased lending proposed under the short-term farm credit subvention scheme will further squeeze banks ...
RURAL BANKS: The proposed capital infusion in weak RRBs will be a big boost to those which are still loss-making and also ...
DEBT MARKET: Holding companies can issue bonds that could be converted into shares of group companies after a fixed ...
Budget 2007: Tax sops likely for savings deposits
Looking at long-term growth
The meeting of the representatives of urban co-operative banks of Karnataka in Bangalore last week to chalk out a strategy to ...
With the economy booming and domestic market scaling fresh peaks, foreign investors are seeing huge opportunities in two avenues ...
Crisil net profit rose 37.38 per cent to Rs 37.38 crore for the year ended December 2006 against Rs 27.11 crore in 2005.
The ...
Chief executive officers (CEOs) and chief financial officers (CFOs) of listed banks are wary of certifying that these banks are ...
Standard Chartered Bank today reported 69 per cent jump in operating profit in India for 2006, increasing the countrys share in ...
Pune-based Bank of Maharashtra has announced the launch of Mahadeep, a loan scheme for buying solar power-based home lighting ...
Andhra Bank launched its first bio-metric ATM at Kondapur in Hyderabad on Monday.
This is the bank's 500th off-site ATM, apart ...
Bonds rose after the central bank last week said it will pay interest on reserves it holds for banks, the biggest buyers of ...
Rating agency Fitch has upgraded Vijaya Banks individual rating to C/D from D.
This means the Bangalore-based public sector bank ...
The rupee gained a second day on speculation exporters will buy the currency after it fell last week to the lowest this month.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to put in place appropriate systems to check fraudulent withdrawals of ...
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) and All India Bank Officers' Confederation (AIBOC) today gave a joint call for a ...
Liquidity Likely to be enough
Under the tariff era till last year, underwriting was not the focus of insurance companies as tariffs ensured profitability.

The grand strategic alliance between the three Indian public sector banks  Oriental Bank of Commerce, Indian Bank and ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) is foraying into lucrative trust, will management and real estate advisory services by forming a ...
Top brokerage houses feel that Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram will focus on inflation control, infrastructure, ...
Indian investors may soon be able to take a bet on global property market prices.
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has hiked the interest rates for domestic term deposits and non resident ordinary term ...
The participation of the private sector in agriculture through contract farming recently has made the Haryana government even ...
UTI Mutual Fund is planning to get listed on the stock exchanges soon.

As part of its efforts aimed at expansion, insurance player HDFC Standard Life Insurance has opened its regional office in Kochi. ...
ATM deployment is set to gain scale with the Anil Ambani group's Reliance Capital and a few technology firms joining hands with ...
The Competition Commission has asked the Reserve Bank to 'unshackle' commercial banks by allowing them operational freedom in ...
Oriental Insurance Company has won the mandate to provide insurance cover to the Indian cricket team which is flying to the ...
INSURANCE: Insure yourself against critical illnesses and you will not be left high and dry when you are sick.
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $3.834 billion to $188.912 billion for the week ended February 16, according to the weekly ...
The rupee had the biggest weekly loss in more than a month on speculation importers are increasing sales of the currency to pay ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second-largest lender, today hiked lending rates for fresh loans to individuals by 50 basis points, ...
In an effort to check use of formal sources of money for grain hoarding, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked bigger ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second-largest lender, today hiked lending rates for fresh loans to individuals by 50 basis points, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will pay pay interest @ 3.5% for the period June 24, 2006 to December 8, 2006; 2% ...
HSBC Holdings said on Thursday that Bobby Mehta was stepping down as chief executive officer of HSBC North America Holdings Inc ...
JM Financial to sell its 49% stake in JM Morgan Stanley Securities for $445 mn.

The fall in banking shares following the 50-basis-point hike in cash reserve ratio melted down the returns of banking sector ...
The rupee fell for a fourth day, its longest losing streak in more than three months, on speculation importers sold the currency ...
The RBI has asked deposit-taking systemically important non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to submit information on a monthly ...
Banks share in credit card spend was 37% against foreign banks 34%.
The CRR hike was unexpected, M Balachandran, CMD, Bank of India said.
Speaking to reporters here Balachandran said
the move would ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEONinety Six per ...
Rupee reached its lowest in a week on speculation importers will sell the currency for dollars to pay month-end bills.
Bonds rose for a fourth day, the longest rally in almost three months, on speculation the government will reduce or cancel a ...
The employees of Central Bank of India have called off their indefinite strike beginning tomorrow following an agreement between ...
BankAm, ANZ, Barclays, ICICI Bank are the majors vying for alliance.
ICICI Bank is likely to increase the share of its international business from the current 17 per cent to 25 per cent by 2009.
The rates on certificate of deposits (CDs) have crossed 10.5 per cent following a rush by banks to raise funds to manage ...
Bonds fell on concern an increase in banks cash reserves and corporate tax payments will leave lenders with less spare funds to ...
CITU and CPI-M workers and leaders joined a large procession here today carrying the body of CPI-M politburo member Chittabrata ...
Banks in India have to prepare themselves to grapple with future challenges like greater specialisation and reliance on non-fund ...
Only 0.5 per cent of the GNP was allotted to specialised education which resulted in a shortage of skilled manpower in leading ...
Kolkata based United Bank of India (UBI) has merged five regional rural banks (RRBs) in West Bengal sponsored by it to form the ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today announced increase in its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 75 basis points (bps) to ...
The Bank of Japan (BoJ) today raised its key interest rate by 25 basis points to 0.50%, placing more emphasis on signs of a ...
The finance ministry may reduce the lock-in period for fixed deposits to three years from five years to get deduction under ...
Bonds rose for a third day, as a drop in the overnight lending rate made it cheaper to purchase debt with borrowed funds.
Rupee declined a second day on speculation traders will sell to benefit from a rise to a 16-month high this month, as the central ...
P K Tayal, the single largest shareholder in Bank of Rajasthan (BoR), continued to project himself as the chairman till a few ...
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) may longer enjoy the exclusivity over the reporting platform for the corporate bond market.

Reinsurance rates have softened globally but domestic general insurers are unlikely to reap the benefits.
This is because of a ...
The Reserve Bank of India has opposed the governments move to bring in a law to introduce a new reporting system for inward flow ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) today raised its prime lending rate (PLR) for the second time in less than three months, but ...
What is the lifeblood of the economy, the single factor that also continues to pose one of the biggest security threats?

Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), the countrys oldest mortgage lender, has turned down an advice by its biggest ...
The Food Corporation of Indias (FCI) wheat tender was postponed because of poor response from participants owing to tender price ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, today raised its prime lending rate (PLR) for the second time in less than ...
In an effort to reach out to a large section of illiterate customers, the public sector Andhra Bank proposes to install over 150 ...
In an effort to reach out to a large section of illiterate customers, the public sector Andhra Bank proposes to install over 150 ...
Vijaya Bank plans to raise Rs 500 crore by March-end to boost its capital adequacy ration (CAR).
Public and private sector insurance companies are forming alliances to bid for state-run carrier Air-Indias aviation cover worth ...
HDFC, a key home loan lender, today said it is likely to increase interest rates by up to 100 basis points (bps) - 1% later this ...
Liquidity Cost of funds to rise
The first week of February 2007 saw probably the highest-ever increase in the countrys foreign exchange reserves, with the ...
Banks to get tax break on 3% bad loans, get level playing field.

Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $5.031 billion to $185.078 billion for the week ended February 9, according to the weekly ...
Bonds ended eight days of decline, rising from a six-month low as the government reduced fuel prices to damp inflation, which has ...
The rupee may weaken 3 per cent against the dollar by the end of June as the central bank steps up sales of the currency to curb ...
ICICI Bank has raised $500 million (Rs 22.05 billion) through dollar-denominated five-year bond overseas, merchant bankers said ...
The recent ratings India investment upgrade by Standard & Poors has helped the State Bank of India raise $700 million ...
SBI Capital Markets, the investment banking arm of SBI, has been ranked as the top mandated lead arranger and advisor in the ...
Former central bank deputy governor S S Tarapore today said the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) monetary measures to contain ...
The Repatriates Co-operative Finance and Development Bank Ltd (Repco Bank) has disbursed Rs 18.04 crore as micro credit to ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys largest retail lender, has decided to hold interest rates charged to existing home loan borrowers even ...
Rupee rose the most in three weeks on speculation lenders are selling dollars to raise cash after the central bank yesterday told ...
After a spell of almost seven years, the government securities market witnessed an inverted yield curve, indicating market ...
Banking entities, especially public sectors banks, should lend more in rural and semi urban areas through their vast branch ...
ICICI Bank wont hike rates on existing home loans.
The finance ministry has finalised the top level reshuffle in public sector banks.

Large inflows of foreign capital have contributed to a significant increase in money supply, raising expectations of more ...
More monetary tightening, at much frequent intervals, is likely to contain the fallouts of foreign capital inflows, which are ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today hiked the cash reserve ratio by 50 bps to 6% in two stages from February 17 and March ...
Starting a business in India has become much easier in the last two years.

Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) has started negotiations with Asset Reconstruction Company of India (Arcil) to sell ...
ICICI Bank Ltd, Indias biggest by market value, expects the central bank to adopt a bias toward a further rise in interest rates ...
The yield on the 10-year benchmark government security is expected to breach 8 per cent and rule in the range of 8.05-8.10 per ...
Bonds fell, pushing the benchmark 10-year yields to the highest in more than five months, after Reserve Bank of India Deputy ...
Rupee dropped the most in almost three weeks, as the benchmark stock index extended declines for a third day, spurring concern ...
The central bank will respond swiftly and use all monteary tools to contain runaway inflation which could dampen the growth ...
The increase in yield on loans of most large banks has been much higher than the rise in cost of deposits, suggesting borrowers ...
ICICI Bank is all set to build a 44-storied facility at the financial district in Hyderabad with an investment of about Rs 1,000 ...
The apex bank move will suck out liquidity to the tune of Rs 14,000 crore from the system.

Public sector banks will increase interest rates on fresh home loans by at least 50 basis points to partly offset the rising cost ...
India is stepping up purchases of US dollars after a 5 per cent gain in the rupee in six months eroded corporate profits and ...
Interest subsidy to cost Rs 200 cr for the government.
Microfinance to help poor sell merchandise.
Come June this year, Kerala will achieve the status of total banking state.
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has entered into a tie-up with Man Financial-Sify Securities India Ltd (MF-SSI), a ...
Jamnagar District Co-operative registrar S N Joshi has been appointed as liquidator for Rajkot Mahila Nagrik Sahakari Bank Ltd ...
Liquidity Auction looms
ULIPs come on top with one-year returns between 34% and 45% compared with closed-end mutual funds and ELSS.
Foreign exchange reserves increased $995 million to $180.047 billion for the week ended February 2, according to data released by ...
Bonds had the biggest weekly drop in almost a month after a government report showed inflation accelerated at the fastest pace in ...
Reserve Bank of India is open to using all instruments, including the cash reserve ratio and Market Stabilisation Scheme, to ...
The insurance industry may see moves to shift to risk-based capital norms in the next three to four years from the current ...
Call rates softened to 6.13 per cent, the lowest in two months, as liquidity in the market improved owing to a sharp increase in ...
The 10-year bonds fell for a fourth day, sending yields to the highest in more than a week, on speculation a report tomorrow will ...
Rupee closed little changed on speculation the central bank is selling it to curb gains following the currencys climb to a ...
Indias interest-rate policy hasnt changed and the central bank needs to look at economic growth data more carefully, Deputy ...
FINDINGS: ABN AMRO Holding economists, led by Irene Cheung in Singapore, in a January 22 research note, suggested ...
Reserve Bank of India has allowed foreign institutional investors (FIIs) to cancel and rebook forward contracts up to 2 per cent ...
Kotak Life Insurance anticipates Rs 1,000 crore premium collection during the financial year 2007.

Bonds declined, reversing earlier gains, on concern a drop in spare cash at banks will prompt investors to demand higher yields ...
Industrial Development Bank of India will raise up to Rs 1,500 crore through lower tier II bonds in the next 12 months to support ...
Individuals fancy unit-linked invstment plans (ULIPs) feeling they only have an upside in exposure to equity market, but the ...
Public sector banks, which have been asked by the government to hold their home loan rates, are expected to review their interest ...
With the Union Budget just a few days away, nationalised banks are gearing up for agri commodities foray, anticipating amendments ...
Falling in line with other major nationalised banks, the Canara Bank has taken up a phased programme to bring all its 17 branches ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) is targeting to garner deposits to the tune of Rs 3,000 crore from its recently launched SBH 500 ...
After a rise of up to Rs 22,000 in car prices last week, prospective buyers are in for another jolt.
Leading banks like ICICI ...
Prime lending and home loan rates hiked by 100bps to 14.75% and 11.75% respectively.

JP Morgan Securities is setting up an asset reconstruction company (ARC) in the country.
Bonds declined for a second day on speculation a government report this week will show the nations inflation rate rose to a ...
Rupee held at a 16-month high after paring gains in the day on speculation state-owned banks sold the currency on behalf of the ...
After having gathered experience in managing risks across various segments of financial services in India, ICICI Bank may look at ...
The employees of Lord Krishna Bank (LKB), under the banner of the United Forum of Lord Krishna Bank Unions (UFLU), will go on ...
The All India SBI Employees Association (AISBIEA) has strongly reacted to the Centre's decision to acquire Reserve Bank of ...
The finance ministry is mulling induction of some strategic investors in IFCI Ltd. as part of a restructuring package for the ...
Loan-led consumption doubled the share of personal loans and credit card receivables in ICICI Banks retail portfolio to 14 per ...
ICICI Bank has announced an increase of 1% in its benchmark advance rate (I-BAR) and its floating reference rate (FRR) for ...
Move follows finance minister's request to PSU banks.
Short-term debt schemes like liquid, liquid plus, and fixed maturity schemes is likely to remain the most preferred investment ...
Raising interest rates didnt work.
So now Asias central bankers and governments are trying curbs on bank lending, construction ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) will appoint four fund managers over the next three months to ...
Bonds dropped on speculation investors will seek higher yields at a debt sale this week as a reduction of funds in the banking ...
Rupee closed at the highest in 16 months, as the benchmark stock index rose to a record, stoking speculation better earnings at ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank, the Kerala-based private bank, plans to privately place a little less than 5 per cent of its equity shares as ...
Asks banks to adhere to customer identification.
UralSib Bank, Russias biggest privately owned lender, hired Emirates Bank International PJSC and the UK unit of Indias ICICI ...
The countrys largest lender State Bank of India would raise $700 million by March through bonds overseas, chairman and managing ...
HDFC Standard Life has recorded a strong year-on-year performance in Karnataka for the year January-December 2006, compared with ...
Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) would be adding 38 more branches to its existing network of 1,325 branches in the country by the end of ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked public sector banks to hold housing loan interest rates at current ...
Less than a month after five financial institutions sold 20 per cent in the National Stock Exchange (NSE), a consortium of five ...
The officer and staff unions of the State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest commercial bank, are working on a joint ...
The government is planning a slew of amendments to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) Act in the forthcoming ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), who have about $50 billion exposure in the countrys equities, may be concerned over ...

Unions of the State Bank of India (SBI) have decided to oppose the government's decision to acquire the Reserve Bank of India's ...
The Union government may have to shell out more to ensure the continuation of loans to farmers at 7 per cent per annum.
The ...
INSURANCE BASICS: Striking a balance between the cover needed and the premium outgo is critical.
PERSONAL LOANS & CREDIT CARD RECEIVABLES: Now borrowers will compensate for higher provisioning on personal ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEOInspired by Nobel ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $924 million to $179.052 billion during the week ended January 26, according to the weekly ...
Government will sell Rs 9,000 crore of bonds on February 9 as part of its borrowing programme for the year ending March 31, 2007. ...
Deal largest exposure by Indian banks to outbound M&As.
Rupee advanced a third week on speculation global funds will invest in local equities to benefit from record economic growth.
RBI will look at having a charter to make credit a human rights issue.The Reserve Bank of India is considering drafting a ...
May let insurers invest up to 50% of total assets.

The bank is removing the ceiling to leverage the country's economic growth.

Global majors seek local tie-ups.
The banking sectors profitability took a knock in the quarter ended December 2006 owing to higher provisioning, costly ...
The Union Cabinet today approved the transfer of the Reserve Bank of Indias holding in the countrys largest lender, State Bank ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (Irda) has shortened the waiting period for life insurance companies for ...
Rupee rose to the highest in a year on speculation lenders bought it to boost their reserves.
Bank of Baroda is discussions with three European insurance and financial group - Munich Re, Societe Generale (SocGen) and Legal ...
The countrys two biggest banks  State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank  are estimated to take huge hits on their bottom ...
Bangalore city, increasingly being known for its stressful and hectic urban lifestyle, gets unsatisfactory rating on the health ...
To let Reserve Bank of India (RBI) focus on regulation, the union cabinet today approved the transfer of Reserve Bank ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (Irda) has shortened the waiting period for life insurance companies for ...
Public sector Indian Bank will focus on rural and agriculture sector as major drivers of its credit expansion.

All the banks in the country will go on a one-day strike on February 23 to show their solidarity towards employees of the Central ...
Ten-year bonds gained the most in more than two years after the central bank raised the overnight lending rate to curb money ...
Rupee rose to near its highest in 12 months, rounding six months of gains, after the central bank raised the interest rate for ...
INSURANCE: As claims mount, firms are pricing their products individually to cut down on losses.
Bellwether Microfinance Fund (BW) has received an investment of $2.4 million from Dutch financial major, Nederlandse ...
Borrowing costs are set to rise again across the board, more sharply for commercial real estate and capital market players, with ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB), the countrys second largest public sector lender, today reported a 16 per cent increase in net ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
Borrowing costs are set to rise again across-the-board, more sharply for commercial real estate and capital market players, with ...
Private lender Yes Bank today announced it will hike its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 bps with effect from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the objective of policy measures taken at the current juncture would be to bring ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today reduced the deposit rates of NR (E) RA and FCNR (B) deposit rates by 50 basis points and 25 ...
The government today said hike in overnight lending rate by 0.25% by the RBI would tame inflation, but not affect India's growth ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today doubled the provisioning for credit card receivables and personal loans (PLs) to 2% from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today hiked the expected GDP growth for the year ending March 31, 2007 to 8.5-9%."Real ...
Zurich-based UBS, which acquired Standard Chartered Banks asset management business in the country, is now likely to enter the ...
Andhra Bank posted a marginal 5.75 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 136.28 crore for the quarter ended December 2006, against Rs ...
T Rowe Price, one of the worlds largest investment management companies, plans to enter the mutual fund business in the country. ...
The use of business intelligence (BI) solutions to determine general and life insurance policies can result in 10-15 per cent ...
A new wave of e-trading in partnerships with private broking houses is getting popular with banks in recent times.

The competition among banks to raise resources is turning fierce.
Bank of India is doling out an additional 25 basis points for ...
The 10-year bonds fell, sending yields to near the highest in five months, on forecasts the central bank will increase interest ...
The rupee advanced for a second day on optimism global funds will increase purchases of the nations stocks to benefit from ...
The Kerala-based Catholic Syrian Bank is in the process of seeking the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) permission to sell a 15 per ...
The Reserve Bank may have to do a tightrope walk on January 31 review of the monetary policy to ensure that buoyancy in economy ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has launched a new deposit scheme incorporating distinct benefits and higher rate of interest. ...
Individuals and corporate borrowers face the prospect of further interest rate increases, as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The on-going momentum in economic growth is likely to remain robust in the rest of 2006-07, according to the macroeconomic and ...
Kerala-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) is in the process of seeking the permission of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to sell ...
Indian and foreign bankers are expecting the Reserve Bank to raise repo and reverse repo rates by 25 to 50 basis points each.
Attractive valuations of small- and mid-cap stocks compared with their large-cap counterparts have led fund houses to float a ...
Liquidity Infusion likely at variable rates
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to allow the use of triple A-rated corporate bonds for repo (repurchase) transactions ...
Bankers are bracing themselves up for at least a 0.25% hike in short-term rates in the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) quarterly ...
Vijaya Bank today reported a 58% increase in net profit at Rs 92.73 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 when ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $702 million to $178.128 billion for the week ended January 19, according to the weekly ...
Union Bank of Indias profit grew 11.66 per cent to Rs 255.84 crore in the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 from Rs 229.08 ...
Shedding its image of a brick-and-mortar organisation, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is all set venture into the ...
Alarmed over the negative net worth of 40 regional rural banks, the flag-bearers of government-sponsored development programmes, ...
Bonds fell this week on speculation the central bank is planning an interest-rate increase after it raised yields at a Treasury ...
Rupee advanced for a second week on speculation overseas investors will increase purchases of local equities to benefit from ...
CanFin Homes has posted 45 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 9.5 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 against ...
Centre proposed 6% of total loans for minority communities.

Bank of India (BoI) has announced the launch of its third credit counselling centre in Chennai under a trust called Abhay, set ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance company aims to collect Rs 182 crore premium income during the last quarter of the current financial ...
CLICK HERE FOR ...
Union Bank of India today reported a 12% increase in net profit at Rs 255.84 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2006 when ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) net profit increased an impressive 27 per cent to Rs 182.42 crore in the third quarter ended ...
Allahabad Bank reported 27.57 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2006, to Rs 286.13 crore against ...
Bank of Baroda has posted 62.7 per cent growth in its third-quarter profit at Rs 329.13 crore from Rs 202.18 crore in same period ...
Allahabad Banks plans for setting up 40:60 joint venture subsidiary with the Punjab National Bank (PNB) for starting banking ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, and state-run Union Bank of India today set the ball rolling for industry wide ...
Asian stocks rose to an eight-month high, led by Toyota Motor and Samsung Electronics, after US economic reports suggested ...
One of Rajasthans premier banks, the State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ), has drawn up plans to achieve a total business of ...
HDFC recorded 25 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2006.
It stood at Rs 355.49 crore, against Rs ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, and Union Bank of India today set the ball rolling for an industry-wide rise in ...
Corporation Bank today reported a 27% increase in net profit at Rs 146.42 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 as ...
Indian Overseas Bank today reported a % increase in net profit at Rs 246.78 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today reported a 63% increase in net profit at Rs 329.13 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest bank, today reported a 4.5 per cent fall in net profit for the quarter ended ...
Indian Bank plans to merge its housing finance arm, Indbank Housing Ltd (IHL), with its parent bank within the next three years. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has granted the Authorised Dealer License (AD Licence) after a gap of thirty years to a ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank, which will tap the capital market with Initial Public Offer (IPO) of 8.59 crore shares, expects to ...
Bonds rose after the government yesterday reduced import duties on some metals and chemicals to help lower manufacturing costs ...
The rupee fell, ending two days of gains, on speculation the central bank sold the Indian currency.
The central bank may have ...
In a meeting today with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), insurance companies, with much reluctance, ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEOPrudential Plc ...
The rupee dropped a second day on speculation the central bank will sell it to curb gains after the currency rose 6 percent in ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today reported a marginal 4% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,524.42 crore for the third ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 39 per cent rise in its net profit in the third quarter ended December 31, 2006, on strong ...
Bank of India net profit rose 78 per cent to Rs 255 crore for the third quarter ended December 2006 against Rs 143 crore in the ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today reported net profit of Rs 126.79 crore in the third quarter of 2006-07, which ...
Bonds fell, pushing yields to the highest in more than four months, after the government said it will go ahead with a debt sale ...
The rupee advanced a second day on optimism overseas investors will resume buying local equities to benefit from rising corporate ...
HDFC Bank is setting up specialised branches for lending to self-help groups (SHG) as it plans to double its micro-lending ...
General insuance companies will meet the chairman of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) over the finance ...
State Bank of India has declared 100 per cent financial inclusion in Gulbarga district with the cooperation of banks in the ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank is planning to sell 25 kg gold in Kerala during the second half of the current fiscal, according to K V S ...
IDBI is exploring the option of selling its stake in premium institutions such as the National Stock Exchange (NSE), National ...
The resources-starved State Bank of India (SBI) is estimated to have witnessed a huge spike in its lending portfolio last ...

ICICI Bank, the country's second-largest bank, today reported a higher than expected 42 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit ...
ICICI Bank today reported a 42% increase in net profit at Rs 910.08 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 when ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has extended the period for accepting term deposits of Rs 15 lakh and above but below Rs 1 crore in the ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $841 million to $177.426 billion for the week ended January 12, according to the weekly ...
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed chargesheets against the former chairman of Global Trust Bank (GTB), Ramesh ...
Indian bonds gained this week as yields near the highest in four months encouraged investors to increase purchases.

The Reserve Bank of India will look at allowing Indian companies to directly give loans to their step down companies for overseas ...
The 10-year bond yield rose to near its highest in four months on concerns a report tomorrow will show inflation accelerated at ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today urged Britain to allow Indian banks to open more branches in that country.
The discount rate on commercial paper (CP) has touched 10 per cent for the first time since June 2002, mirroring a sharp increase ...
Bank major saw sharp rise in credit growth in Dec 2006.
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (Irda) has internally formed a committee to look into insurance ...
Fiscal consolidation is one of the critical challenges on the way forward to sustaining high rate of growth, and the negative ...
The State Bank of Indias Chandigarh Circle, comprising Punjab, Haryana, Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and the Union ...
Canara Banks net profit for the third quarter ended December 2006 was nearly flat, as its investments depreciated by Rs 185 ...
Ahead of RBI's review of credit policy this month-end, Bank of India (BoI) chairman M Balachandran today said there is pressure ...
Bonds fell, pushing yields near a four-month high after a government official said a decree to change the measure of debt banks ...
Deutsche Bank AG Chief Executive Officer Josef Ackermann said the investment bank has a very good pipeline and predicted a lift ...
The rupee advanced for the fourth day after the government increased the amount local companies can borrow from abroad.
The statutory liquidity ratio ordinance, aimed at removing the floor limit for bank deposits in government securities, is likely ...
Public sector banks with large presence in the rural and semi-urban areas have seen a secondary market opportunity emerging for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed to penalise banks failing to meet priority sector lending obligations.

An ordinance seeking to empower Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) below 25% is expected to ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEOInternational ...
Bank of Maharashtra has increased its benchmarked prime lending rate (BPLR) by 50 per cent
to 12 per cent.

Government bonds gained for a second day as yields near the highest in four months spurred investors to increase purchases.
Canara Bank Chairman and Managing Director M B N Rao said today the bank plans to raise $100 million (Rs 443 crore) hybrid Tier I ...
The rupee gained for the third day on speculation rising corporate profits will encourage international investors to buy stocks ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today admitted that excessive lending to certain sectors at some banks was a cause ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance has entered into an agreement with Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) for ...
Banks suffer a high default rate of about 40 per cent in rural areas, as against just 10 per cent by non-governmental agencies ...
BankMuscat, Omans largest listed company, said it had agreed to buy 43 per cent stake in brokerage Mangal Keshav group for an ...
Global pilot project set to revolutionise remittances.
Asian Development Bank (ADB) is planning to raise $1 billion through bonds in India to provide rupee-denominated loans to public ...
O P Bhatt, chairman, State Bank of India (SBI), today said there was ample liquidity in the financial system to support credit ...
Bank consumers receiving cheques from the state governments local offices and postal department of the Union government are ...
The rupee gained on optimism rising corporate earnings will encourage overseas investors to buy stocks and other assets to ...
The countrys 10-year bonds advanced as four-month high yields lured investors betting the central bank wont change a rule ...
Sabre Capital Worldwide Inc, which had earlier set up an India-specific $350 million dollar private equity fund, today said it ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has earned an all-time high net profit of Rs 81.56 crore for the nine-month period ended ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab, a private bank controlled by the Rana Talwar-promoted Sabre Capital, is planning to buy more domestic ...
Cuts loan growth down to 20 per cent.
The runaway growth in housing loans over the last few years has played a major part in worsening banks asset-liability maturity ...
Tamil Nadu followed by Maharashtra topped the list of states with the highest credit-deposit ratio, higher than all-India C-D ...
The financial sector will have reason to cheer in the next few months, says the government.
Measures expected to be taken by the ...
Private sector banks, including ICICI Bank, cannot match their public sector competitors like the State Bank of India (SBI) and ...
South Indian Bank today reported a 20% increase in net profit at Rs 24.84 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 ...
Banks are expected to show robust earnings in the December quarter on the back of high credit growth and hike in prime lending ...
The Reserve Bank is unlikely to cut SLR given the spurt in credit growth in December and the recent hike in CRR, even though the ...
The Delhi-based Punjab National Bank (PNB) will maintain status quo on its 74.07 per cent holding in its primary dealership ...
IDBI Bank may consider funding civilian nuclear power projects once players firm up their plans in this segment, a top bank ...
Foreign exchange reserves plunged to $176.585 billion from $666 million  for the week ended January 5, according ...
The European Bank for Reconstruction & Development (EBRD) will pick up around 15 per cent stake in Zao Srei Leasing, the ...
UTI Bank today said its net profit in the third quarter ended December 2006 rose 40 per cent on the back of a rapid growth in ...
The return on the countrys foreign exchange reserves improved to 3.9 per cent for July 2005-June 2006 from 3.1 per cent in ...
The finance ministry is expected to announce a life insurance package for below poverty line workers in the unorganised sector in ...
Chinas stock market topped $1 trillion for the first time and the yuan rose past the Hong Kong dollar, reflecting an economy ...
The Bank of England unexpectedly raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter-point, the third increase since August, as ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) may consider permitting domestic insurance companies to set up ...
The countrys largest life insurer Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has maintained its robust growth during the first ...
Over 40 per cent of the expansion in bank credit in the first nine months of 2006-07 happened just in a month.
The spurt in ...
Government securities halted two days of losses after crude oil prices fell to the lowest since June 2005, spurring optimism ...
The rupee fell a second day on speculation a decline in crude oil prices prompted refiners to buy dollars.
The Company Law Board has given its go-ahead to Maharashtra-based Sangli Bank for the extraordinary general body meeting (EGM) on ...
City Union Bank (CUB), a small private sector bank based at Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu, is increasing its authorised capital ...
HDFC Bank, the second largest private sector bank, today said its net profit in the third quarter ended December 31, 2006 rose 32 ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), the private equity venture of the World Bank Group, DEG, one of the largest European ...
IndBank Merchant Banking Services Ltd, the subsidiary of Indian Bank, has announced the launch of IndBankOnline, an online ...
HDFC Bank Q3FY07 net profit rose 31.7% to Rs 295.64 crore as against Rs 224.40 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ...
The countrys 10-year bonds extended declines for a second day after the finance minister said manufacturing prices are rising ...
Kerala-based Dhanalakshmi Bank is preparing a roadmap to pare promoter stake to 10 per cent and achieve a net worth of Rs 300 ...
Rupee dropped to the lowest in more than two weeks on speculation companies bought more dollars to settle overseas payments on ...
A Moodys report says Indias industrial capex will touch $200 bn in next 5 years.
ICICI Bank, the countrys largest private sector bank, today raised a record $2 billion of dollar-denominatd debt from overseas ...
Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India (ECGC), the fifth largest credit insurer of the world in terms of national exports ...
Any further escalation in interest rates from the current elevated levels is seen hurting banks, even as expectations are growing ...
ICICI Bank today raised a record $2 billion of dollar-denominatd debt from overseas markets to fund loans growth in the country ...
Rating agencies Moody's Investors Service and ICRA today said further reform of the financial markets is needed if India is to ...
The unprecedented run of high credit growth over the last three years is seen as coming to an end amid the latest round of ...
Indian bonds snapped a two-day rally as yields at their lowest in a month deterred buyers before an interest-rate decision by the ...
The rupee rose on speculation that overseas funds will increase investments in stocks, betting the government will introduce ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has launched Unit Gain Guarantee-SP, a single premium policy that offers capital guarantee plus ...
A major reshuffle in the top brass of nationalised banks is on the cards, with the finance ministrys banking division scheduled ...
The Reserve Bank of India today said banks would have to obtain minimum 50 per cent margin for guarantees issued on behalf of ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, plans to raise another $1 billion through senior unsecured bonds and upper tier II ...
Claiming that interest rate would remain stable in the short term, State Bank of India chairman O P Bhatt today said the ...
Bharti Enterprises and AXA today announced that they have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to establish a joint venture ...
Public sector Andhra Bank is in the lookout for a partner to start a life insurance venture after talks with Japanese insurance ...
The 10-year bond yield dropped to the lowest in a month after the government cut the size of a planned debt sale this month to ...
The Rupee witnessed the biggest fluctuation of any currency today and fell to its lowest in more than two weeks on speculation ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, the countrys largest private life insurer, has increased its capital by Rs 230 crore, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has liberalised rules on project and service exporters transfer of funds and machinery.

The government securities market is likely to witness a demand-supply imbalance in the next couple of quarters, as a healthy ...
The office of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was opened in the Chhattisgarh capital recently.

Deccan Grameena Bank, which was formed in March 2006 by amalgamating four regional rural banks sponsored by the State Bank of ...
Global financial services major Barclays Bank today said it will launch its commercial and retail banking services in India soon ...
Stung by rising costs, State Bank of India (SBI) wants to further reduce dependence on expensive large corporate deposits.
Take your pick from liquid funds, short-term debt funds and fixed deposits.
What is the reason behind foreign companies making a beeline to enter the insurance business in the country.
Its pretty obvious: ...
Returns can be compared with monthly income plans.

They don't face cash redemption pressures or rebalancing problems as other funds do.
E-BANKING: Despite a complex interface, online banking is fast gaining acceptance.

State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest bank, today increased interest rates on term deposits between Rs 15 lakh and Rs ...
The excess cash balance in the banking system is expected to slip back into deficit as the second 25-basis-point increase in the ...
The rupee erased earlier losses on speculation that the nations sustained economic growth will attract more overseas
The countrys top private non-life insurer ICICI Lombard says it will wait till March 2008, when general insurance will be fully ...
The impact of 50 basis points increase in cash reserve ratio (CRR) required to be maintained by banks was non-disruptive, said ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to have board-approved policies for valuation of properties, as its correctness ...
The Reserve Bank of India and the Maharashtra government will form two taskforces for co-operative urban banks (TAFCUB) to work ...
Banks want parents of students seeking educational loans to be made co-borrowers to facilitate loan recovery after completion of ...
Raising longer-term capital funds is becoming costlier for banks.
The mark-up on the interest if banks
do not select call option ...
The latest cycle of increase in home loan rates has been completed with Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) raising ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to have board-approved policies for valuation of properties, as its correctness ...
Asia Pacific mops up $186 bn through IPOs in 2006.

HDFC increased its prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points on 1  January, but left pure fixed rates untouched at ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has set up a special Stressed Assets Resolution Centre (SARC) in Pune to monitor non-performing
Indian bonds declined on concern government debt sales will drain money from the banking system in the coming weeks, leaving ...
ICICI Bank Ltd, the countrys largest by market value, hired Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG and Merrill Lynch & Co to sell ...
The government has proposed an educational loan scheme wherein banks would make disbursements based on applications screened by ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has set a target of just 11 per cent increase in its total premium  new business plus ...
Funding from banks for capital market players has become highly restrictive with the recent squeeze in liquidity and the interest ...
Public sector Vijaya Bank has revised interest rates for domestic term deposits with effect from January 1, 2007.

Teradata, a division of NCR Corporation India Private Ltd that provides enterprise data warehousing and analytical solutions, has ...
The dollar declined to its weakest in three weeks against the euro.
The dollar slid against all 16 of the most actively traded ...
UK government bonds may decline on speculation the Bank of England will keep raising interest rates to curb inflation.
Gilts had ...
US treasuries advanced on expectations as government and private reports this week will show job creation slowed and ...
The life insurance joint venture between Union Bank of India, Bank of India and Japanese company Dai Ichi Mutual Life Insurance ...
Bank of India (BoI) has spared agriculture and small and medium enterprises from a sharp hike in the prime lending rate.

Kotak Mutual Fund today filed its draft offer document with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for gold exchange ...
Indian corporates and banks raised a whopping sum from domestic and overseas markets in 2006 mirroring the sizzling growth in the ...
Bajaj Auto Finance Ltd has plans to increase the foreign institutional holding in the company to 30 per cent, up from the present ...
The free pricing regime in the general insurance industry has come into force, with the Insurance Regulatory and Development ...
Reserve Bank of India will release the third quarter review of annual statement on monetary policy 2006-07 on January 31, 2007.
The banks in the state have surpassed the annual credit plan consecutively for two years, and so far this year they disbursed Rs ...
The tight liquidity condition is expected to ease a little over a fortnight from now to help the overnight call money rate settle ...
Players may have to suffer underwriting losses this year.
Canara Bank has hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) by 25 bps - from 11.50% to 11.75% - effective today.The ...
Indians romance with cheap loans finally ended in 2006, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) industriously designing ways to ...
With India ranking seventh among the top 10 countries where kidnapping has taken the proportion of a flourishing industry, ...
Liquidity Still a concern
The countrys rising call money rates, which touched a six-year high today, may not be a cause for concern for the market, as ...
High oil imports pushed deficit to $6.9 billion.
Major public and private sector banks may raise their deposit rates to fund the growth in credit and mobilise resources for the ...
Interbank call money rates jump to a six year high.
Trade deficit increased to $17.933 billion during the quarter ended September 2006, according to data released the Reserve Bank ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (Irda) has clamped down on excessive discounts on fire, engineering and ...
Sidbi hikes refinance rates by 50 basis points.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is planning to approve five projects in Tamil Nadu under the ...
The Nizamabad District Co-operative Central Bank Ltd has entered into a bancassurance tie-up with Aviva Life Insurance.
Under ...
Reliance General Insurance has launched Reliance Healthwise - a health insurance policy covering hospitalisation expenses, ...
Banks have sought flexibility (fungibility) in direct and indirect lending to agriculture and allied sectors to increase ...
Banks have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to consider allowing them to issue new instruments to tide over the severe ...
Gross deficit of states to fall to 2.8% by March: RBI.
Staff apprehensive about ICICI Banks' foreign ownership.
PNB Gilts expects liquidity strain in the banking system to continue in the near term, according to a note to clients.
Home loan, personal loan and corporate customers of State Bank of India (SBI) will have to pay more interest as the countrys ...
The ICICI bank will soon tie up with US-based Penson Worldwide, a broker services and trade clearing company, for its overseas ...
The year 2006 pulled interest rates on housing loans back to double digits, after low single digit rates for since 2003.

The General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) has said that it was downgraded for its financial strength rating by AM Best ...
Banks have reacted strongly against the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) draft proposals on derivatives trading, saying it was an ...
Western Union, a leading provider of global money transfer services, in association with ESPN Star Sports, will sponsor two ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (referred to as SBAR) by 50 basis points (bps) to 11.50% ...
The State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has signed an MoU with the department of rural development, Andhra Pradesh government, and the ...
The Centurion Bank of Punjab has launched Centurion Elite here.
Centurion Elite is an exclusive one-on-one banking service aimed ...
Private equity firms line up $13.5 billion.
Bank stocks are likely to be lacklustre this week with a downward bias in the absence of any positive triggers.
New-generation private sector bank, Yes Bank, has upped its prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points from 12.5 to 13 per cent ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank is bullish about its maiden public issue that is likely to hit the market in January to raise Rs ...
Countrys second largest PSU bank, Punjab National Bank plans to raise the lending rates for its prime customers such as ...
LiquidityPressure continues
Chennai-based Indian Bank is bullish about its maiden public issue that is likely to hit the market in January to raise Rs ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce today announced 0.25-1% increase in term deposit rates and 0.25% increase in prime lending ...
Global reinsurer Swiss Reinsurance Company (Swiss Re) on Friday completed the acquisition a 3.57 per cent stake in Indias newest ...
Syndicate Bank has inked an agreement with Wachovia Bank NA to avail of a bilateral loan worth $100 million.

The Allahabad Bank-led, five-party venture for a non-life insurance company is expected to start operations by April-May 2007. ...
The overnight call money rate today rose to a six-year high as banks struggled to cover cash requirements ahead of the first ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed 49% foreign investment in stock exchanges, depositories and clearing corporations ...
Yes Bank has received equity infusion of Rs 120 crore ($26.5 million), via private placement of 10 million equity shares, from ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) have forged an alliance to fund about ...
Canara Bank will announce stake sale in its mutual fund arm to a global player within 2-3 weeks, said Chairman and Managing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan today said the cash tightness in the banking system was temporary. ...
Bank of India (BoI), Union Bank of India and Japan based Dai-Chi Mutual Life Insurance today signed an MoU in New Delhi to set up ...
The countrys second-largest and largest private sector bank ICICI Bank today borrowed $1 billion from overseas markets to fund ...
HDFC Bank, the countrys second largest private sector bank, has decided to follow its counterpart, ICICI Bank in increasing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would examine ways of increasing lending to urban poor, women and Self Help Groups (SHGs) in its ...
The Jammu and Kashmir Bank has received the Reserve Bank of Indias nod for enhancing the cap of Foreign Institutional Investment ...
Rakesh Mohan, Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said the cash tightness in the banking system was temporary. ...
Union Bank of India, Bank of India and Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company (Dal-ichi Life) are setting up a joint venture life ...
ICICI Bank signed a $1 billion yen-equivalent syndication loan agreement in Geneva yesterday.According to a release ...
With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) rationalising its guidelines, resident individuals now have the freedom to invest in any ...
Three major Bangalore-based nationalised banks  Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank and Vijaya Bank  have signed an memorandum of ...
Union Bank of India will join the proposed life insurance venture between Bank of India (BoI) and Dai-Ichi Mutual Life Insurance ...
Shriram Transport Finance Company Ltd (STFCL), in association with UTI Bank, has launched a co-branded credit card exclusively ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) want to pass on the increasing cost of funds to borrowers across the board, but are unwilling to take ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) will sanction Rs 95 crore for construction of 5,000 houses for ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank Limited is targetting to achieve an aggregate business of Rs 5,000 crore this fiscal.
It is eyeing to garner Rs ...
The UCO Bank, on Tuesday, launched Retail Sales Force (RSF) programme at its three branches in Vijayawada to solicit and service ...
Vijaya Bank is firming up plans to take its exclusive 'late-hours' demand draft (DD) issuing counters' concept -- DD Shoppe -- to ...
At a time when the general insurance industry is heading towards lifting of price controls from insurance products  the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today liberalised the overseas remittance scheme to $50,000 (approximately Rs 22.50 lakh) from the ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) is all set to veture into life isurance business.According to a release issued by UBI to the ...
Reliance General Insurance has achieved a new business premium of Rs 520 crore in April to November 2006 compared with Rs 100 ...
The Centurion Bank of Punjab, a leading retail bank, is planning to add 30 branches.
The bank will have 403 branches
in the ...
Indian banks tripled their bond issuance in 2006 to $2.29 billion in 2006 from $625 million in 2005, as the lenders sought to ...
Insurers told not to lower premium by more than 10% on motor own damage.
The government has called a meeting of regulators later this week to sort out issues about jurisdiction for regulation of ...
AIG Capital India, a subsidiary of US-based AIG Capital Corporation, is acquiring a Chennai-based small non-banking finance ...
On an average, eight to ten per cent of the insured population claim under mediclaim.
Last year, eight out of hundred mediclaim
...
Leading private sector bank ICICI today announced free access at over 18,000 ATMs, including non-ICICI ones, across India for its ...
In order to boost wool production in the country and provide financial security to shepherds, the Central Wool Development Board ...
IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance ( ITGI) has announced claim disbursement worth Rs 42.5 lakh for its recently launched Barish Bima ...
Bank of Japan (BoJ) today kept the interest rates unchanged at 0.25%.The bank's move is in line with market ...
The Orissa cabinet has decided to restructure the sick Orissa State Finance Corporation (OSFC), which is reeling under ...
The proposed transaction involving the transfer of Reserve Bank of Indias shareholding in the State Bank of India to government ...
As part of its Star Gaurav project to reach the numero uno position in the banking sector by 2009, Bank of India (BoI) is ...
Federal Bank on Monday announced a slew of measures to widen its portfolio.
It is planning to enter wealth management and buying ...
The OIC alliance, a consortium comprising Oriental Bank of Commerce, Indian Bank and Corporation Bank, will take its first step ...
The Tokyo-based Shinsei Bank is all set to foray into the Indian mutual fund business by forming a joint venture asset management ...
Overnight money rates continued to stay high amid fears that the recent tightening by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was just ...
The public sector Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has set a target of doubling its total business from Rs 55,000 crore expected to be ...
The proposed transaction involving the transfer of Reserve Bank of India's shareholding in the State Bank of India to government ...
Liquidity Pressure to ease
Leading public sector banking major Bank of India (BoI) today hiked interest rates on its domestic term deposits of various ...
Standard Chartered Bank is buying out UTI Securities 24 per cent stake in Standard Charted UTI Securities India, a primary ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank is focussing on agriculture, small and medium enterprises (SME), retail and education sectors for ...
In yet another indication of the tight money, call rates - the indicator of the interest rates for overnight funds - have shot up ...
The corporate sector and banks will henceforth have the onus of deciding the fate of their debt for tax treatment, with their ...
Final guidelines remove Rs 10 lakh cap on loans for broking firms, corporates.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants banks to simplify their retail products as it feels banks are selling what they want to ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab today raised its lending rates by 50 basis points, a day after ICICI Bank took the lead in pushing up ...
The government needs to back up the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) efforts at dealing with high money supply and also for ...
With the heating up of the mergers and acquisitions space in India, insurers and international brokers are seeing ...
The UCO Bank, on Tuesday, launched Retail Sales Force (RSF) programme at its three branches in Vijayawada to solicit and service ...
Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank (SVCB), a scheduled bank with branches in Karnataka, Maharastra and Goa, plans to take over four ...
Commercial banks in Karnataka disbursed 54 per cent of the targeted farm loan in the first seven months of the current fiscal. ...
Rakesh Mohan, Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said the central bank is looking at liquidity, inflation and ...
HDFC Bank has added two branches under its plan to expand its branch network in Gujarat.
Clearing operations are likely to be affected as over five lakh employees of public sector banks, barring the State Bank of India ...
Andhra Bank and the India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFC) have entered into an agreement to cooperate on creating a ...
New India Assurance, National Insurance and United India Insurance are following Oriental Insurance Company in raising health ...
Bharti Axa Life Insurance Company today announced the launch of its nationwide operations.
The company is entering Delhi, ...
Some banks are camouflaging their lending to small, unknown real estate developers to skirt stringent capital adequacy and ...
The Vijaya Bank, Vijayawada region, covering nine coastal Andhra districts and Chittoor district, generated a business of Rs ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has hiked the interest rates for domestic term deposits and non-resident ordinary term ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) is close to achieving Rs 1,00,000 crore business by the end of this calendar year.

HDFC Bank is on an expansion spree in Himachal Pradesh this week.
It opened the Mandi branch today, the fifth in the state.
It ...
Monetary tightening by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has begun to take effect, with ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest ...
The World Bank has sounded a note of caution on the global economy, which it says has reached a turning point with a slowdown ...
ICICI Bank today announced an increase of 0.5% in its benchmark advance rate (I-BAR) and floating reference rate (FRR) for ...
Allahabad Bank's proposed joint venture with Punjab National Bank (PNB) for setting up a banking subsidiary in Kazakhstan is ...
Vinod Rai, secretary (financial sector) in the ministry of finance, today said the transfer of the stake of Reserve Bank of India ...
About 2,000 employees of the Sangli Bank Ltd have opposed the move to merge with ICICI.
They, however, prefer merger with a ...
The flow of capital to micro finance institutions in India is set to gather further momentum in 2007.

Chennai-based Indian Bank, which has entered into a strategic alliance with Oriental Bank of Commerce and Corporation Bank, is ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) today paved the way for creating uniform platform for the trading of corporate ...
The overnight rate shot past the top-end of the money market band amid shrinking liquidity and government bond yields rose for ...
Global ratings agency Standard & Poors (S&P) on Tuesday said the risks for debt and equity investors in the Asia-Pacific ...
Bank of Baroda (BOB) is aiming to garner Rs 8500 crore business from the eastern zone.

The central government has set in motion the process of closure of Kolkata-based Industrial Investment Bank of India (IIBI) by ...
MetLife Insurance will be doubling the number of financial planning consultants it has from 11,480 people to around 20,000 during ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd (Kotak Life Insurance), one of the fastest-growing insurance companies in India, has ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) and Bio-Tech, Lucknow, entered into an alliance for financing farmers tissue culture labs, agri ...
The rural co-operative credit sector in the country is set to get a boost with $1 billion loan from the Asian Development Bank ...
Germanys Deutsche Bank has infused Rs 1,125 crore into its Indian operations to tap growing opportunities in infrastructure ...
Zurich-based Swiss Reinsurance Co, the world's largest reinsurer, will buy 26% stake in leading third-party administrator (TPA) ...
Bond yields rose sharply and overnight call rates touched 7.15 per cent following the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) decision to ...
Indian Bank is all set to focus on funding technologically advanced agriculture projects in Gujarat.
The decision has been taken ...
The All India Reserve Bank Employees Association (AIRBEA) has decided to intensify its agitation against the Reserve Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued draft guidelines for banks and primary dealers on derivative transactions.

Employees of public sector banks and insurance companies will strike work on Thursday (December 14) to oppose outsourcing of ...
Deutsche Bank today announced that it will increase capital for its Indian branches by Rs 1125 crore ($253mn). This capital ...
Bank of India will buy a majority stake in Indonesia's Bank Swadesi early next year, Siti Fadjrijah, deputy governor of ...
Banks are likely to take a final view on raising interest rates on loans as well as deposits by the end of this week or early ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may stipulate a prudential limit to cap banks exposure to derivatives.

ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, will buy  Sangli Bank in an all-stock deal that values the 90-year-old, small ...
Punjab National Bank, the countrys second-largest public sector bank, is hoping to start its life insurance venture next year ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance plans to infuse Rs 700 crore in capital over the next three years.
The company claimed that this will ...
Banks are finding new ways of funding the high level credit growth, with lagging deposit accretion making lendable resources ...
State Bank of India has decided to raise the domestic term deposit rates by 25-75 basis points across various maturities to match ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the government intended to buy the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBIs) 59.73 per cent stake ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second-largest bank but biggest in terms of market value, is set to acquire Sangli Bank, a 90-year-old, ...
RBI goes in for 50-basis point increase in two stages.
State Bank of India (SBI) today increased interest rates on term deposits across maturities.According to a release issued ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said that the government will not dilute its stake in PSU banks below 51%, and that its ...
The country's second largest bank, ICICI Bank, is set to acquire The Sangli Bank, a 90-year-old, financially-weak private sector ...
Texas Pacific Group (TPG), the global private-equity fund, which manages around $20 billion, has named former Intel Capital ...
JP Morgans Principal Real Estate Investments has invested $60 million (approximately Rs 270 crore) in a property project with ...
UTI Mutual Fund today entered into an arrangement with Union Bank of India for providing the banks employees and customers an ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) carved out non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) financing physical assets for productive, ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) will hire about 1,000 finance professionals over the next few months to meet business ...
Interest rates are seen remaining stable in the short term.
Chairmen of State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, ...
UTI Mutual Fund today entered into an arrangement with Union Bank of India for providing banks' employees and customers an ...
Indian Banks' Association (IBA) today negated the need for an immediate hike in interest rates, saying there was no ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will raise fresh capital through a public offer next fiscal after the SBI amendment bill is approved by ...
Yes Bank has set up Yes Microfinance India division to provide credit, savings, insurance and remittance products.

The breezy growth in life insurance business has pushed further away ICICI Prudential Life Insurances target for breaking even. ...
Union finance minister P Chidambaram today said consolidation and increased competitiveness are key to smaller banks survival.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) today announced that it would lift pricing controls on motor insurance, ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce, Indian Bank and Corporation Bank (OIC Alliance) are likely to allow each others' customers to use ...
IBM has announced that HDFC Bank has selected it for an information management software project, which will help the bank in ...
In a bid to tap the growing business potential in the eastern part of the country, Union Bank intends to add 18 more branches and ...
The Reserve Bank of India may revive exchange-traded futures as an instrument for fixed-income derivatives market.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to refrain forthwith from the restrictive practice of linking locker facility ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, opened representatives offices in three east-Asian countries Thailand, Indonesia ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has announced the launch of SIB Citibank Visa Credit Card, a co-branded international ...
Bangalore-based Canara Bank is expanding its reach in the western and northern regions of the country.
It will open most of the ...
The Chennai-based Star Health and Allied Insurance Co, the countrys first stand-alone health insurance company, plans to expand ...
More and more banks are sensing big opportunity in the high-margin, small consumer loans business.

Atul Chandra Varma yesterday assumed charge as the managing director of State Bank of Patiala, at the Banks Head Office in ...
The Reserve Bank of India has allowed non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to distribute mutual fund products and issue ...
JP Morgan Chase Bank has cautioned that Indias lending frenzy warrants a sterner policy response.
Catching up trend to reward shareholders in the course of financial year, Bank of India has declared interim dividend of Rs 2 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has further liberalised the norms for corporates to raise funds through external commercial ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank has said that it had filed its draft red herring prospectus (DRHP) with the Securities and Exchange ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) has signed an arrangement with Mann Deshi Mahila Sahakari Bank, based out of ...
The Vijayawada circle of the Indian Bank mobilised Rs 138 crore deposits in just the first six months of financial year 2006-07, ...
By combining the traditional strengths with modern technology, old generation private sector banks can face competition from the ...
High volatility in share prices over the last couple of years amid a surge in the number of trades has increased the stress ...
Shriram Transport Finance Company (STFC), part of the Shriram group, has posted 15.02 per cent growth in its net profit at Rs ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi) proposes to levy fee on stock exchanges.

The Thiruvananthapuram-headquartered State Bank of Travancores (SBT) total business has touched Rs 52,000 crore in November.

Foreign exchange reserves zoomed from a meagre $2.427 billion to $172.782 billion for the week ended November 24, according to ...
Barclays Plc, UKs third-largest bank by assets, plans to enter the emerging credit card market in India.

Spending by Visa cardholders visiting the country grew 23 per cent to Rs 6,000 crore during July 2005-June 2006 compared with a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is keeping a watch on inflation, which remained at higher levels on rise in prices of primary ...
Syndicate Bank aims to implement core banking solution (CBS) in 1,500 branches by the end of 2006-07.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has withdrawn the leverage ratio norm for systematically important non-deposit taking non-banking ...
Bankers see a stronger possibility of a rate hike by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its January 2007 quarterly review ...
Engineering major Larsen & Toubro will pick up nearly a 10 per cent stake in the Kumbakonam-based City Union Bank for Rs 45 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has withdrawn the leverage ratio norm for systematically important non-deposit taking non-banking ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank is looking at increasing its presence in the Middle East and the Far Eastern countries, including Japan.

Asset Reconstruction Co (India) Ltd (Arcil), the countrys first bad loans buyer, has resolved cases of non-performing assets ...
Exide Industries will infuse an additional Rs 300 crore into ING Vysa Life to maintain its holding at 50 per cent in the ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance, a joint venture of the ING group of the Netherlands, Exide Industries, Gujarat Ambuja and Enam, has set ...
US has not cleared proposals on grounds of laundering laws.
Kundapur Vaman Kamath, managing director and chief executive officer of ICICI Bank, has been chosen Business Standards Banker of ...
The Kotak Mahindra Bank is looking at spreading its wings to the Middle East and Far East countries including Japan.
The bank, ...
Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia is looking to carve out more business and push its brand in India after more than two decades of a ...
Today's Top Newspaper Headlines:-
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has started a vast credit expansion programme for all categories of customers to increase its market ...
Peerless, the Rs 1,121 crore residuary non-banking finance company, looks all set to reposition itself as a personal finance ...
Senior officials from public sector banks and private sector banks, met under the aegis of the Indian Banks' Association (IBA) ...
Life Insurance Corporations (LIC) joint venture in Bahrain has started selling policies to non-Indians and is now awaiting ...
The government should allow the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to increase the share of gold in the countrys foreign exchange ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has worked out an ambitious plan to expand its network and have representations in all the 16 ...
New York Life Investment Management Llc (NYLIM), the investment arm of New York Life Insurance, is planning to pick up a stake in ...
Corporation Bank has launched 'Corp Gram Mitra Yojana', a security-free consumption loan scheme for rural beneficiaries, ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Financial Corporation (APSFC) has entered into a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Canara Bank for ...
The Ascendas India IT Parks Trust, a $350-million private real estate fund set up by Asia's leading business space provider ...
In a bid to broad base its insurance business, Max New York Life Insurance is planning to foray into the micro insurance ...
Corporate acquisitions in India are setting a new trend in raising funds through the external commercial borrowing (ECB) route ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) fear that the proposed revision in priority sector guidelines, if implemented, would lead to a ...
Barclays Banks total lending in India is just over Rs 4 crore, but its off-balance sheet liabilities are over Rs 2,50,000 crore. ...
Insurance firm may use reserve funds to keep bonus rate at present level.
The State Bank of India (SBI) launched 'SBI One India Fund'-- a close-ended growth fund to primarily invest in diversified equity ...
Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has tied up $230 million from the Japanese market as part of its strategy of raising ...
As many as eleven banks, including Punjab National Bank, Canara Bank and Bank of Baroda, are planning to enter the lucrative ...
Investments by Japanese funds into the Indian equity markets are expected to double to $ 10 billion in the next 2-3 years, feels ...
The Indian rupee, which underperformed most regional currencies in the first half of the year, is gaining strength day by day and ...
Japans Shinsei Bank today announced an exclusive tie-up with countrys largest mutual fund UTI asset management company for ...
Max New York Life insurance company is holding talks with a general insurance company for a tie up to foray into microinsurance. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is reviewing its policy of not allowing multilateral agencies to provide loans to banks.
India CEOs of 12 banks form pressure group within IBA.
ICICI OneSource, which was today rechristened as Firstsource Solutions, also filed its papers with Sebi for an initial public ...
Stating that Punjab had a significant contribution in the business of Punjab National Bank Housing Finance Ltd (PNBHFL), V K ...
In a reprieve to the HDFC Bank, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) today allowed the bank to open new demat ...
IDBI Capital Market Services Ltd today inked an agreement with the Bank of Rajasthan to offer advanced e-trading services through ...
Union Bank of India is being chased by four new life insurance companies to make the Mumbai-based bank a shareholder in their ...
The countrys largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI) may raise its credit growth target for 2006-07 amid pressure on margins ...
Financial Partners International (FPI), a international financial advisory company provides core skill of financial planning and ...
Bajaj Allianz Life (BAL) has drawn up plans to focus more on regular premium products.

In a reprieve for HDFC Bank, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) today allowed the bank to open new demat accounts ...
HSBC has urged the West Bengal government to introduce online registration of properties to stop fraud that was plaguing the ...
Canara Bank has received a phenomenal $1.3 billion worth of subscriptions against the offering of $250 million to augment its ...
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC), one of the leading foreign banks, is planning to change the business mix ...
Indian banks are still in the early stages of understanding the complexities and opportunities arising from the proposed revised ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance (BSLI), belonging to the Aditya Birla group (ABG), has drawn up a marketing strategy to leverage the ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group has sought deferment of imposition of income tax on urban cooperative banks (UCBs) ...
The Left parties have no objection to the deployment of pension funds in the stock market so long as the funds are managed by ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) is planning to change the business mix gradually in India.The bank has ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Rakesh Mohan today said it was possible to bring down interest rates in the ...
The Union Bank of Indias capital market exposure limit may decline by over Rs 400 crore to about Rs 1,630 crore owing to the ...
Catholic Syrian Banks (CSB) capital raising plans are likely to be further delayed with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) asking ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, is planning a $1 billion overseas syndicated loan.
This is the third time in four ...
PERSONAL FINANCE: Through innovative medicare plans, private hospitals attempt to close in the need-based policy void left ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) is planning to double its customer base in two years by opening new branches in unrepresented areas and ...
With the advent of corporate giants like Reliance, Godrej Agrovet, Bharti in the agri-sector in Chandigarh, the private sector ...
ICICI Bank, the country's second largest bank, is planning a $1 billion overseas syndicated loan.
This is the third time in four ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would lay emphasis on price stability so that there is possibility of lower ...
Banks will now have to check whether a housing loan is being sought for an authorised structure and seek an undertaking that ...
US brokerage firm E*Trade today hiked its stake in domestic retail brokerage outfit IL&FS Investsmart by 5 per cent to 22.2 ...
Exposure to commercial projects under lens.
Srei Infrastructure Finance, one of the country's largest private sector infrastructure finance company, is launching a scheme ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, a leading private player, today launched a life insurance plan for rural masses with a one time ...
The funds yield 4% vs tech funds' 1.84% and bourses funds 0.85%.
Government bond yields are set to rise in the near term in reaction to any interest rate hike by the Reserve Bank of India.
The Mumbai-based Development Credit Bank (DCB), which got listed last month, plans to raise Rs 225 crore of additional capital ...
Half of the Rs 9,000 crore of non-performing assets (NPAs) transferred to the Stressed Asset Stabilisation Fund (SASF) by ...
It has been more than a year since the monsoon floods devastated Mumbai in July 2005, but ICICI Bank is still grappling with the ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), the private banking arm of the World Bank, is aggressively looking at the opportunity to ...
Funds for capital recast of rural credit societies
Doha Bank will soon launch an exclusive offshore fund opening new vistas for investment for NRIs in Qatar.

The Mumbai-based Development Credit Bank (DCB), which got listed last month, plans to raise Rs 225 crore of additional capital ...
The rupee weakened in the noon trades after a strong start this morning, wherein the currency hit a high of 44.79.At 1345 ...
Restriction on lending for shares to hit forthcoming IPOs.
Space.
Luxurious sofas.
Wall-hung television sets dishing out latest business news.
Soft piped music to soothe your mood.
And ...
Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) has insured the Sabarimala Ayyappa shrine for Rs 30 crore, and also introduced a free-of-cost ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias proposed exposure limit on banks lending to capital markets  particularly, its decision to restrict ...
The impasse over allowing Temasek and the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC) to buy up to 10 per cent equity in ...
National Spot Exchange for Agricultural Produce (NSEAP) has said it is open to equity-sharing with banks, State Bank of India ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has posted a growth of 143 per cent during the half year April-September 2006, earning new ...
Rs 10 lakh cap on loans to any single borrower.
Foreign exchange reserves went up by $1.168 billion to $168.284 billion during the week ended November 10 as against $167.116 ...
An internal study by the Reserve Bank of India is understood to have found out that most of the foreign exchange inflows into ...
Canara Bank, planning to sell stake in its fully owned mutual fund arm in December, is likely to finalise the Netherlands-based ...
After witnessing redemption for over two years in an uncertain interest rate scenario and amid rising bond yields, long-term ...
Banks dependence on short-term deposits is rising as banks prefer to mobilise resources at lower cost and while investors await ...
As part of the new guidelines for the when-issued (WI) market, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has dispensed with the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has pulled up commercial banks for neglecting various regulatory requirements.
REWARDS: State-owned banks simply cannot match the compensation packages paid by their newer private sector
Former RBI deputy governor SS Tarapore today said the move to transfer the ownership of State Bank of India (SBI) from the ...
GE Money India, a leading consumer finance company in the country, today announced strategies and plans on growth in Rajasthan.
ABN Amro Bank, Citigroup Global Markets, Macquarie Bank, Fidelity and Morgan Stanley have picked up a combined 34 per cent stake ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should, by the end of March 2007, allow rupee-denominated external commercial borrowings (ECBs), ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed a complete restructuring of the operations of the Deposit Insurance and Credit ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed some restrictions on the ailing Sangli Bank, including expansion of advances, as the ...
Buoyed by robust economic growth and an international expansion spree, India Incs quest for cheaper and quicker global money is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to have stepped up its surveillance in the government securities market.

State Bank of India (SBI) will set up automated teller machines (ATMs) at 11 railway stations in Chhattisgarh for internet ...
In a bid to attract potential borrowers to its fold, the personal financial services division of the banking major, HSBC India, ...
Beware, your mobile's buzz in banks in Bihar capital may land you in trouble.
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, one of the leading life insurance companies in the country, is contemplating to offer more ...
The Indian rupee continued its downtrend this morning.
The rupee was quoted at 45.315/45.330 as against a close of ...
RBI lifts ban following IPO scam, reprieve for HDFC Bank soon.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said the banking system needs to innovate in order to support and facilitate the anticipated ...
The competition for raising resources, including deposits, to meet the burgeoning credit demand has taken a toll on spreads (the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the financial system was resilient enough to withstand risks to the economy emanating ...
The off-balance sheet (OBS) exposures of the banking system is concentrated in just 15 banks, most of which are foreign banks. ...
The largest life insurance provider in the country, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is all set for a digital ...
Over two lakhs Indians living in the United Kingdom now can look forward to buying property in India.
Housing Development Finance ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), notwithstanding concerns over accelerated pace of growth in retail credit, has said the credit ...
Tata group plans to foray into banking infrastructure development.
The Tatas are currently in discussions with the Reserve Bank ...
Standard Chartered Bank has launched its NRI 'Swagat' account, which addresses the specific banking requirements of NRIs with ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has permitted ICICI Bank to open new branches and set up off-site ATMs.
This signifies the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), notwithstanding concerns over accelerated pace of growth in retail credit, has said the credit ...
The rupee continue its slide against the US dollar, and dipped to around 45.23 in early morning deals.
The countrys top two banks reported a sharp rise in loan loss provisioning in the second quarter of 2006-07. The provisioning ...
Over 6,000 officers including one chief general manager (CGM) in foreign business division have sought an early separation ...
Issues 10 lakh credit cards in as many months.
The government is likely to come out with a policy on foreign direct investment (FDI) in credit information bureau (CIB).
After opening strong at 44.65/$ this morning the rupee dropped to a low of 45/$.The rupee is presently quoted at ...
Godrej Aadhaar, the agri services and rural retail initiative of Godrej Agrovet, has tied up with Western Union Money Transfer to ...
Funds to invest over $275-$300 mn despite losses.
In the initial phase of the tariff-free regime, which will come into effect from January 1, 2007, growth can decline in the ...
Mumbai-based Development Credit Bank (DCB), which got listed last month, plans to further increase its net worth to Rs 500 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy today said the RBI would consider adopting some practices followed by the ...
The countrys largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI), is drawing up a retail and agricultural banking strategy to reclaim lost ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy today said that the central bank is closely monitoring the movments in the foreign ...
Mumbai-based Development Credit Bank (DCB), which got listed last month, plans to further increase its net worth to Rs 500 crore ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) will take a decision on raising interest rates by the end of the month, even as it considers ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) launched Jeevan Madhur, a micro-insurance product targeted at covering the ...
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation wants to convert into a deposit-taking housing finance company to raise capital to meet the ...
Bankers, stung by the revised draft guidelines on priority sector lending, want the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to change the way ...
Allahaband Bank, Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), Karnataka Bank (KBL), Dabur Investment Corporation and Sompo Japan Insurance Inc ...
Canara Bank is all set to raise $200 million through the issue of upper tier-II foreign currency bonds.
The issue will enable the ...
The Union Cabinet today approved the conversion of 71 per cent of Central Bank of Indias equity capital into preference shares, ...
The United Forum of Reserve Bank Officers and Employees has alleged that RBI is not keeping adequate vigil on foreign exchange ...
The government today permitted Central Bank of India, one of the few fully state-owned lenders, to restructure its capital base ...
Thrissur-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) is in talks with Mauritius-based investors for privately placing a 15 per cent stake in ...
ICICI Bank Managing Director and CEO K V Kamath on Wednesday said there is need for level playing field for banks to compete with ...
Postmen will now also sell bank loans.
This will soon begin on a pilot basis through post offices in Maharastra and Goa, amid ...
Alliance to fund 60 infrastructure projects worth Rs 45,000 crore.
RBI revises lending obligations.
K V Kamath, CEO and managing director of ICICI Bank, today called for a level playing field for banks to compete with insurance ...
Banks acute need to boost their bond reserves might not have come at a better time than now as government bond yields seemed to ...
American Express today launched a premium service, The Platinum Club, aimed at the rapidly growing affluent consumer segment in ...
The Reserve Bank of India deputy governor, Rakesh Mohan, today said corporates in the coming years would face greater competition ...
About 150 employees of the erstwhile United Western Bank (UWB), which merged with Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI ...
Non-life insurers core business will remain unprofitable.
Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) will be installed at the Tiruchirapalli, Thanjavur, Chidambaram, Villupuram, Myladuthurai and ...
The finance ministry is working out the modalities for sale of Reserve Bank of Indias stake in State Bank of India to the ...
Bangalore-based Metlife India Insurance Company has got a national footprint for its bancassurance channel, having succeeded in ...
The average net non-performing assets (NPA) of listed public sector banks has fallen to 1.11 per cent at the end of September ...
HDFC Bank, the countrys second largest private sector bank, has decided to end its four-year-old bancassurance partnership with ...
Bankers, however, do not foresee a rate war.
UCO Bank has reported a 2.04 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended September 30, 2006 over the corresponding ...
United Bank of India has posted a 56.1 per cent jump in net profit in the first half of the current financial year.

India's largest mutual fund UTI Asset Management Company (AMC) is launching a $200-300 million offshore infrastructure fund. ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram today warned chairmen of public sector banks (PSBs) that the current pace of increase in credit ...
Corporation Bank has revised the rate of interest offered on NRE term deposits and FCNR (B) deposits w.e.f. November 1, ...
Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank is planning to enter property reverse mortgage business, and is awaiting Reserve Bank of India ...
State Bank of India (SBI) may raise Rs 1,000-2,000 crore in tier-II debt.SBI chairman O P  Bhatt said the bank may ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will review the performance of PSU banks today on various parameters like lending to the priority, ...
Chennai-based Cholamandalam DBS Finance has decided to convert into a non-deposit taking non-banking finance company (NBFC) to ...
International credit rating agency Fitch Ratings has said finances of Indian state governments are on the mend, especially since ...
Union finance minister P Chidambaram has urged domestic banks to increase lending to the poor and play a pivotal role in reaching ...
Commercial banks must reorganise their rural branches with specialised procedures, products and services, said C Rangarajan, head ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y V Reddy has advised commercial banks to concentrate on smaller loans in a move to derive ...
C Rangarajan, head of the committee on inclusive growth and chairman of Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister, today ...
Foreign exchange reserves rose to a record $167.092 billion as on October  27 from $166.153 billion in the previous week, ...
RBI guidelines aimed at checking unbridled growth of non-banking finance companies.
The need for regulation of a private commercial activity can be done away with if the social responsibilities expected of private ...
IDBI Chairman V P Shetty today said that creation of proper infrastructure and telecom connectivity combined with issuance of ...
Microcredit, an important initiative aimed at financial inclusion, has proved to be a profitable business proposition both in ...
Interest rates are likely to rise if deposits do not match high credit growth, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor, ...
Reserve Bank of India(RBI) governor Y V Reddy today said India and China were the only countries among the emerging market ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy said that emerging market economies have started contributing more to the growth of the ...
Rupee ended off-lows as the dollar gave up its early gains versus the yen in afternoon trade, causing a sell-off in the ...
Mumbai-based Bank of India (BoI) is planning a big push in funding contract farming initiatives.

The countrys largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI), has adopted a strategy of reducing the portfolio of large corporate loans, ...
Government bond yields slumped today, a day after the Reserve Bank of India hiked its repo tender rate and dropped ample hints of ...
Swiss banking major Credit Suisse today announced plans for India, which include re-activating its brokerage in the country as it ...
Small and medium information technology companies are likely to be the worst affected in a regime where there are no controls on ...
The State Bank of India and ICICI Bank, at the 61st and 66th positions, respectively, are the only Indian banks that figure in ...
Both Yes Bank and Exim Bank today signed an MoU with CII - Godrej Green Business Centre (GBC) to promote small and medium ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has frozen the clearing services of Rajkot Mahila Nagrik Sahakari Bank Ltd (RMNSBL).
The mid-term credit policy announced by Reserve Bank governor Y V Reddy on Tuesday has evoked a positive reaction in the industry ...
The inclusion of short-term borrowings has nullified the hike in ceiling on overseas borrowings, according to banks.
The state-owned Central Bank of India is awaiting the central governments go-ahead to convert part of Rs 1,124 crore bloated ...
P K ChoudhuryVice-chairman & group CEO, ICRA
Foreign and private banks showed signs of panic today by rushing in the market to swap dollar funds
to create rupee funds.
The Kakinada Town Co-operative Bank stood in fourth among all the cooperative banks in the state in terms of performance by ...
Corporate India is busy trying to control claims and ensure discounts on premiums next year when insurance tariffs are freed.

Bankers to watch credit offtake, liquidity and inflation closely.
The plan to hive off Dabhol power plants LNG facilities has run into rough weather with two of the main lenders to the project, ...
UTI Venture Funds (UVF) today said it has invested $6 million in spice exporter firm Vallabhdas Kanji through its Ascent India ...
Amid speculations that home and personal loan rates may go up, the government today said that the 0.25% hike in repo rate is not ...
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) has infused fresh capital to the tune of $200 million (Rs 904 crore) into ...
This follows an infusion of $150 mn in March '05.
A review of the laws governing money lending has been taken up by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ensure the interests of ...
Repo rate hiked by 0.25% to 7.25%.
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy has sent a strong signal to banks that they must manage their funds well or else ...
Repo rate hiked to 7.25%; Banks, firms can borrow more abroad.
CanFin Homes Ltd, a subsidiary of Canara Bank, has reported 69 per cent growth in its net profit at Rs 14.87 crore for the second ...
IndusInd Banks net profit for the second quarter ended September 2006 dipped to Rs 17.18 crore from Rs 31.49 crore a year ago ...
Bankers today said there will be no impact on home and auto loans due to the 0.25% hike in repo rate by the Reserve Bank of India ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today left the reverse repo rate, Bank Rate and CRR unchanged at 6% and 5%, respectively.

Wary about the possibility of oil prices' pushing up inflation, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said chances of prices going up ...
In a balancing act, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today ensured that key interest rates are unchanged to maintain stable ...
Foreign banks in India and Indian banks operating abroad are to meet Basel-II norms by March 31, 2008, while all other scheduled ...
The Reserve Bank of India today allowed resident individuals to remit up to $50,000 per financial year as against the earlier ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has further liberalised the ceiling for overseas investments by mutual funds by hiking the ...
Bond prices rose and yields dropped after RBI lifted its short-term repo rate by 25 basis points while releasing the monetary ...
Syndicate Bank has reported improved performance in the second quarter (ended September 30) of the current financial year with ...
A decade ago, Indian Bank had announced over Rs 1,600 crore net loss, the highest-ever posted by any state-run bank in India, and ...
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank has reported 42.57 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 59.61 crore for the second quarter ending ...
UCO Bank has reported a 2.04 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended September 30, 2006 over the corresponding ...
Supported by a substantial increase in interest income from advances, Indian Overseas Bank registered 25.87 per cent increase in ...
Ergo Insurance Group, the second-largest primary insurer in Germany, is looking for a joint venture partner for foraying into ...
Excluding SBI, net profit of 30 banks rises 33%.
ICICI Bank, the countrys second-largest lender, sees stable interest rates in the medium term.
Indian Bank has reported 60.24 per cent rise in net profit for second quarter ended September at Rs 169.19 crore against Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has seen increasing dependence of some private and public sector banks on certificates of deposit ...
54% growth in year to June may invite higher risk weight.
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) on Monday reported a 50.97 per cent increase in net profit for the second quarter ended September ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has recorded a 20 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 504.99 crore in the second quarter ended ...
The Reserve Bank of India's(RBI) mid-term review will attempt to keep the interest rates stable in the face of high growth ...
Syndicate Bank today reported a 17.05% increase in net profit at Rs 205.07 crore for the second quarter ended September 2006 as ...
Yes Bank today reported a 51% rise in net profit at Rs 21.50 crore as against Rs 14.30 crore in Q2FY06.According to an ...
Punjab National Bank today reported a 19.65% increase in net profit at Rs 505 crore for the second quarter ended September 2006 ...
Indian Overseas Bank today reported a 25.87% increase in net profit at Rs 249.85 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce today reported a 50.97% increase in net profit at Rs 249.51 crore for the second quarter ended ...
The rupee rose to 45.08/10 a dollar this morning, posting its strongest level against the US currency in five and a half ...
ICICI Bank sees stable interest rates in the medium term."As long as the global window is open, growth will happen and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has a tough choice between an across-the-board tightening or sector-specific curbs, as it meets ...
Rate hike will be a negative
Y V Reddy took charge as RBI governor on September 6, 2003, amid the economy moving on to a faster growth trajectory, inflation ...
The Reserve Bank of India will conduct its mid-term review of the economy where monetary parameters have not changed much but ...
Banks are hoping that the Reserve Bank of India will spell out norms to distinguish lending for commercial housing and self-use ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering a proposal for a cut in cash reserve ratio (CRR) for the regional rural and ...
State Bank of India(SBI) on Saturday said it sees a "little upward bias" on interest rates ahead of the Reserve Bank's busy ...
State Bank of India (SBI) group today reported a 9% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,734.45 crore for the second ...
Bank of Baroda today reported a 11% increase in net profit at Rs 288.36 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2006 ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $1.202 billion to $166.153 billion during the week ended October 20, according data released by ...
Mumbai-based Development Credit Bank (DCB) today said it would double its balance sheet size by March 2008.

Repricing of loan portfolio helped LIC Housing Finance report 30 per cent y-o-y rise in net profit for the September quarter.
Over nine lakh employees of nationalised banks, helped by counterparts in the State Bank of India (SBI) joining their one-day ...
The Development Credit Bank (DCB) stock was today listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange at Rs 35.35, a premium of 36 per cent over ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to announce a slew of measures to bring vibrancy into the debt market as part of its ...
Morgan Stanley and Fidelity picked up over a 10 per cent stake in Development Credit Bank (DCB), which made its debut on the ...
CLICK HERE FOR VIDEO
Development Credit Bank was listed at Rs 35.35 on the BSE as against the IPO price of Rs 26.
The scrip zoomed to a high of Rs 49 ...
Bank of India today reported a 60.48% increase in net profit at Rs 212.13 crore for the second quarter ended September 2006 as ...
Andhra Bank posted 10.19 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 146.77 crore for the quarter ended September 2006 against Rs 132.89 ...
Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank has posted a 24 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 210 crore in the quarter ended September 30, 2006, ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is open to sharing a majority stake in its asset management company (AMC) with an undisclosed foreign ...
The Peerless General Finance & Investment Company Ltd, one of the largest non banking financial companies in the country, has ...
Nineteen Nationalised Banks and some old private sector banks are likely to remain completely shut tomorrow as nearly nine lakh ...
To launch cards in association with pharmacy chains and hospitals.
The growth in interest on advances helped Corporation Bank report 20.27 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 127.01 crore for the ...
Empanelment of rating agencies by banks seen as big hurdle.
Bank stocks spurted by over 4 per cent on an average in an otherwise choppy market on Thursday on strong buying as most banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to come out with comprehensive guidelines on the non-banking finance companies ...
Andhra Bank today reported a 10.19% increase in net profit at Rs 146.44 crore for the quarter ended September 2006 as compared to ...
The United Forum of Bank Unions, an umbrella of nine unions, has called a nationwide strike tomorrow to oppose outsourcing, ...
Allahabad Bank today reported a 25% increase in net profit at Rs 210.03 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 when ...
During the quarter ended September 2006, assets under management (AUM) of the mutual fund industry increased by 10 percent ...
State Bank of India has estimated business of Rs 500 crore in the next 3-4 years from the ancillary units of Tata Motors in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may estimate a higher average growth of the economy during the five-year Plan period 2006-07 to ...
The NPAs of public sector banks(PSB) have increased in the non-priority sector whereas bad debts related to priority sector ...
Ahead of its quarterly policy review on October 31, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed doubts on the efficacy of ...
ICICI Bank today restructured its brass, elevating Senior General Manager V Vaidyanathan to the rank of executive director ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second-largest bank, today reported a higher than expected 30 per cent rise in net profit in the second ...
Fund house Franklin Templeton Investments (India) Ltd has launched its capital protection fund scheme, whereby the asset ...
The State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur has recorded the highest growth of 117.1 per cent in its net profit for the half-year ended ...
Canara Bank, which has Rs 450 crore exposure to self-help groups (SHGs) in Karnataka, has initiated a move to provide mobility ...
Kolkata-based Uco Bank is planning a follow-on offering in April 2007.
Reserve Bank of India governor Y V Reddy strongly favoured the idea of using mobile phones as instruments for bank account ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is hoping to disburse Rs 400 crore through its 'home loan mahotsav' in Kolkata.

ICICI Bank today reshuffled the portfolios of its top brass elevating senior general manager V Vaidyanathan to the rank of ...
ICICI Bank today reported a 30.2% increase in net profit at Rs 755.01 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2006 when ...
Standard Chartered Bank, the largest foreign bank in India, today said it is offering 8 per cent interest on 188-day fixed ...
Banking services are likely to be affected to a large extent on October 27, as nearly 9 lakh employees of nationalised banks and ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance announced a growth of 122 per cent in the first-year premium (FYP) income collected in ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) posted 81.02 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 128.76 crore for the quarter ended September 2006 ...
Kerala-based Federal Bank today reported an impressive 28.25 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended September 30 at Rs ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India Limited (LIC) will be inaugurating 13 more satellite branches in the current year in the ...
FINANCE: Grameen Bank won its founder the Nobel Peace Prize for bringing about social welfare.
But how is micro-finance ...
Vijaya Bank, Hyderabad region, registered 82 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 24.35 crore for the half-year ended September ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), the largest associate entity in the State Bank Group, has posted 81.02% increase in net profit to ...
Standard Chartered Bank, the largest foreign bank in India, today said it is offering 8% interest on 188-day fixed deposits, ...
French financial services group BNP Paribas announced its entry into the booming Indian retail stock broking industry by ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has warned that India runs a risk of piling up of bad loans (non-performing loans) due to the ...
Integrated financial services provider Barclays, which has been operating in the country for almost a decade through Barclays ...
Banking services offered to units set up in special economic zones have been exempted from paying service tax.


After being at loggerheads on the development of corporate debt market, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the ...
Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) is contemplating a drastic reduction in its paid-up equity capital in order to report a ...
Pressure on credit quality of Indian corporates is on the rise suggesting a decline in creditworthiness, according to a study by ...
Total income rose by 18.12 per cent at Rs 607.57 crore.
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) task force on capital account convertibility is considering a string of procedural relaxations in ...
Canara Bank has registered an 18 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 361.77 crore for the second quarter of current financial year ...
Even as small and medium enterprises are fast becoming the buzzwords for the banking and finance sector, the public sector Bank ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported 11.62 per cent growth in net profit in the second quarter of 2006-07 after making additional ...
With robust growth in interest income, Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has posted 23 per cent rise in its net ...
Enrolls 74 money lenders as franchisees in south.
American International Group (AIG) would launch consumer finance business in India in the next few months, rivalling other ...
Housing Finance Development Corporation (HDFC) will set up a company HDFC Property Ventures for managing international property ...
The State Bank of India and Hero Honda have joined hands to help the farmers of Uttar Pradesh.
The countrys largest bank and the ...
State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) has decided to focus on funding the special economic zone (SEZ) projects in Gujarat only as the ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today reported a 6% increase in net profit at Rs 139.40 crore for the second quarter ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 12.64% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 93.90 crore for the second quarter ended ...
Following the new guidelines from IRDA, Max New York Life Insurance is contemplating to come out with a convergence product with ...
Terming payment systems as the backbone of a nations financial infrastructure, NR Narayana Murthy, mentor of Infosys, called for ...
The government has started talking with all political parties, including the Left, to remove the 10 per cent cap on voting rights ...
Leading global reinsurer Swiss Reinsurance Company will buy a small strategic stake in Yes Bank, which would be a prelude to ...
The Reserve Bank of India may go for major rural push in its forthcoming monetary policy review slated to be unveiled on October ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has indicated that it would consider waiving its ban on branch expansion by banks fined in the ...
The board of directors of Yes Bank, which met today, approved a proposal to issue one crore equity shares at Rs 120 per share on ...
Vijaya Bank today reported 36.3% surge in its Q2 net at Rs 102.33 crore as against Rs 75.05 crore in the Q2FY06.According ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) Q2 net zoomed 217.77% to Rs 194.16 crore as against Rs 133.06 crore in the Q2FY06.According to ...
Interbank overnight rates are likely to stay firm until December because the distribution of liquidity with banks is expected to ...
Yes Banks capital raising committee will meet tomorrow to consider a proposal for private placement of equity shares with an ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) has reviewed the guidelines on file-and-use requirements for ...
Budgetary provision of Rs 25,000-30,000 cr expected.
Punjab National Bank, India's one of the leading public sector banks, will soon open 5 new branches in North East after getting ...
Kotak Life Insurance (KLI) has now joined the Kolhapur-based The Ratnakar Bank Ltd (RBL). KLI would now be able to tap the strong ...
French financial services group, BNP Paribas, has infused Rs 290 crore of capital in its Indian operations, taking the total ...
Revenues from insurance (BPO) offshoring to India are expected to grow to around $2 billion by 2010 from the present $690 ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) norms for lending to the real estate sector are getting stricter.
Public sector bank IDBI and Mitcon Consultancy Services (Mitcon) today inked an MoU to jointly provide solutions to companies for ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has recorded 21% growth in business at Rs 98,000 crore till September and said it will take a ...
Global financial giant BNP Paribas Group will be infusing Rs 290 crore (euro 50 million) as new equity in its Indian operations. ...
Indian Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Corporation Bank and India Infrastructure Finance Company (IIFC) today signed a ...
The board of directors of South Indian Bank has cleared a proposal to appoint Malayalam film actor Mammootty as the brand ...
Inflation soared past the 5% mark in September.
Prof Muhammad Yunus winning the Nobel Peace Prize is set to give a leg up to microfinance activities in India.
ICICI Bank, which ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may review its decision to club lending to special economic zones (SEZs) with commercial real ...
The Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) has tied up with Citibank to launch its first credit card - Reliance Credit Card.
To be ...
A good number of banks in Kerala have decided to implement the relief package announced by the state government for farmers and ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $30 million to $165.275 billion during the week ended October 13 as against $165.305 billion ...
The improvement in income from interest and fees pushed Jammu & Kashmir Bank's net profit by 52.84 per cent to Rs 84.02 crore ...
UTI Bank on Friday reported 30 per cent rise in its net profit in the second quarter ended September 2006, as growth in net ...
The Finance Ministry has approved the IPO plans of Indian Bank and Central Bank and is likely to give its nod to the public issue ...
With futures market gaining acceptance in India and more than 100 commodities being traded in it, the Asian Development Bank has ...
UTI Bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at Rs 141.98 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2006 as ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank today reported a 53% increase in net profit at Rs 84.02 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, ...
The spot rupee had moved past 45.45/dollar in morning deals on solid inflows and lower crude prices.

Oriental Bank of Commerce, Indian Bank and Corporation Bank, which recently formed a strategic alliance (OIC), will set up a ...
A special award under the banner of National Awards for Excellence in SSI Lending has been conferred upon State Bank of ...
Saraswat Co-operative Bank will acquire Mumbai-based Mandvi Co-operative Bank, adding over Rs 880 crore business to its books by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group is considering the option of allowing urban co-operative banks (UCBs) to issue ...
IFFCO-Tokio General Insurance Co has launched Errors & Omissions (Tech) policy to exclusively cater to the technology ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today said does not expect the RBI to hike interest rates in the forthcoming monetary policy review.
The government would table an amendment to the insurance act to raise the ceiling on foreign direct investment (FDI) in the ...
According to the Annual Credit Plan 2006-07, the banks in Punjab have achieved overall as well as under agriculture targets.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to stay away from arbitrage trading on stock exchanges.
International Finance Corporation (IFC), the private sector arm of the World Bank Group, will invest $100 million in the upper ...
Chhattisgarh will have a separate branch of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) from the beginning of next calendar year.

Saraswat Co-operative Bank (SCBL) will acquire Mumbai-based Mandvi Co-operative Bank, enabling it to add over Rs 880 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today released a ...
The decision by Saudi Arabia to open the insurance sector would prove beneficial for the kingdom's economy, R R Nair, CEO of the ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is likely to report better net profit in the second quarter ended September 30, 2006 than the first ...
Lauding the financial management of Chhattisgargh, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to open a branch here, official ...
The colour of money going into film financing is changing.
Banks, corporates and media houses are pouring money into Bollywood, ...
Keeping in view the new-age thinking of customer friendliness in the Indian banking industry, Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has ...
UBL Sales Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of UTI Bank Ltd, entered Rajasthan by opening its branch in Jaipur.
Currently, UBL Sales ...
To cater for NRIs from Punjab, Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd (HSBC) will soon open two more branches in the ...
Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) is planning to raise Rs 7,500 crore from the bond market at market rates to finance the ...
ING Vysya Bank is looking to treble its retail portfolio over two years, after having failed to capitalise on the phenomenal ...
The public sector bank has also mobilised Rs 300 cr perpetual debt.
UKs Barclays Bank is on an investment spree in Indian financial services providers.
It now has acquired a 4.7 per cent stake in ...
Public sector Bank of Maharashtra (Mahabank) has signed an agreement with Franklin Templeton Asset Management India Pvt Ltd for ...
Barclays Bank today announced it has acquired a 4.70% equity holding in Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC). The ...
Union Bank of India plans to mobilise Rs 1,400 crore of capital funds through bond issuances over the next five months.
This ...
Yogesh Agarwal assumed charge as managing director & group executive (national banking) of State Bank of India on October 10, ...
The Dow Jones industrial average index moved up nine points to 11,867. The Nasdaq added four points to 2315.Indian ADRs ...
Revised capital adequacy norms impact being assessed.
Barring a couple of agencies, all the micro finance institutes (MFIs) operating in Andhra Pradesh have decided to charge not more ...
WaterHealth International, Inc (WHI), a US-based, health-focused developer and manufacturer of innovative water purification and ...
Visakhapatnam-based Kanakamahalakshmi Co-operative Bank Limited has increased its interest rates by 0.5 per cent to 1 per cent on ...
UAE Exchange and Financial Services (UAE Exchange), an authroised dealer for remittances and money changing, plans to enhance its ...
The domestic health insurance market is set for a transformation with foreign players setting their sights on it.
Deutsche ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has started a census of non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), which do not take public deposits ...
At present, derivatives deals are priced at rates which are out of sync with market levels.
Pune-based Cosmos Co-operative Bank Ltds board has approved the merger of two banks, one each in Hyderabad and Gujarat, and is ...
With a network of 50 Automated Teller Machines (ATMs), Cosmos Co-operative Bank, the second oldest bank in the country, has ...
Canbank Factors, a subsidiary of Canara Bank, has posted a 26.03% rise in net profit to Rs 7.31 crore for the half-year ended ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) today fixed a price of Rs 26 per share for its initial public offer of 7,15,00,000 equity shares ...
Bankmen are on the warpath again as the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) has called for a token strike on October 27 on a host ...
Valuers (those who evaluate properties) in Chandigarh have asked for valuation charges in accordance with the rates prescribed by ...
The total deposits of the banks in Haryana increased from Rs 36,087 crore to Rs 52,425 crore during the period July 2005 to June ...
Dutch financial major Rabobank International has infused Rs 145 crore equity capital in Rabo India Finance Private (RIF) to ...
Life and non-life insurance companies have mooted the setting up of a policyholders protection fund on the lines of the funds in ...
HSBC today launched seamless banking in India and the United Arab Emirates (UAE). The OneWorld package, rolled out as a joint ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has entered into a memorandum of agreement (MoA) with the ...
Export-Import Bank of the United States has cleared national flag carrier Air-India's loan proposal for the acquisition of 68 ...
RBI seeks data from foreign banks after FCI's complaint.
Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has tied up with leading two-wheeler manufacturer Hero Honda to market the companys motorbikes to ...
Buoyed by the robust performance of its remittances business, ICICI Bank plans to launch a slew of innovative products in this ...
Cut-off yield in the auction, US treasury yields and forex inflows will be crucial for the market; The spot rupee is expected to ...
Insurers free to tailor big corporate cover.
Public sector behemoth, Life Insurance Corporation, has recaptured a chunk of the market share of new business premium in ...
Four original architects of financial sector reforms - Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Finance Minister P Chidambaram, Planning ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) group floundered on deposit mobilisation in the first quarter ended June 30, 2006, contrary to the ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today made a strong pitch for making the Association of Mutual Funds of India (Amfi) and the ...
Uco Bank has targeted Rs 500 crore retail sales from its newly formed retail and small enterprises segment in the current fiscal, ...
Central Bank of India is raising Rs 700 crore through issue of bonds that would qualify as tier-II capital.
Crisil has assigned ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) will operate the branch network of the erstwhile United Western Bank (UWB) as a ...
ING Group, the Amsterdam-based banking and insurance group, has drawn up plans to scale up the operations of its insurance joint ...
Private and foreign banks are unnerved by the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) directive to issue passbooks or account statements ...
Commercial banks are intensifying the fight to get a bigger market share of the plastic money spend.
After Standard Chartered ...
Bank of Baroda expects to end this fiscal with a total business (deposits plus advances) of Rs 2,00,000 crore, according to Anil ...
ING Group, the Amsterdam-headquartered banking and insurance group, has drawn up plans to scale up the operations of its ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) campaign for fair service to customers has turned to non-banking finance companies (NBFCs). ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has proved that the social security cover aimed at poorer sections of the society ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to put in place a board-approved fair practices ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank has applied to the Reserve Bank of India to increase the limit of foreign institutional investors in the ...
Allahabad Bank has raised Rs 561.90 crore through private placement of redeemable subordinated debt instrument or lower tier II ...
HSBC India has increased interest on its floating rate home loans by 50 basis points.
This is the third time the foreign bank has ...
HSBC, a leading global banking and financial services organisation, today entered the business of small personal loans in India, ...
Bankers want the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to address the prospect of liquidity tightening in the months ahead by reducing the ...
HSBC today announced  a 50 bps hike in floating rate home loans to 9.5-9.75%.
Raises Rs 1,54,272 cr between during Jan-Sept.
Standard Chartered Bank is betting big on India on the back of Indian corporates expanding overseas and acquiring assets ...
Buoyed by the demand for microfinance from self help groups (SHGs) in Karnataka, the city-based Moksha-Yug Access, a rural ...
The market value of Life Insurance Corporation of Indias investments as on March 31, 2006, was over Rs 5,00,000 crore.
The ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) has appointed its chief general manager, A V Hodavadekar, to head the erstwhile ...
Standard Chartered Bank is betting big on India on the back of Indian corporates expanding overseas and acquiring assets ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) wants to acquire a bank to double its loan assets from Rs 7,360 crore.
The Kerala-based old private ...
Banking services were hit in Kerala as employees struck work protesting against the proposed merger of Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) ...
Most banks hit minimum SLR holding level.
Despite the poor performance of district co-operative banks (DCBs), which have advanced virtually no farm credit to farmers in ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has achieved 100 per cent financial inclusion in Palakkad district by opening 23,097 new accounts. ...
Mumbai-based Development Credit Bank (DCB), which has a dominant presence in Western India is all set to initiate financing of ...
Punjab National Bank(PNB) is likely to achieve a total business of more than Rs 2,00,000 crore in the second quarter of the ...
How much fuel does your car consume?
Do you maintain your car well?
How many times has your driver been fined for jumping signals ...
Sahara Chairman Subrata Roy has told the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that he has called back the investments made by Sahara India ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), an associate of State Bank of India, has issued through private placement 'SBH Bonds of Rs 550 ...
Qatar is beckoning Indian commercial banks, insurance companies and other financial services firms to set up offices in the Qatar ...
The merger of United Western Bank (UWB) with the Industrial Bank of India (IDBI) will become effective from October 3.
This also ...
Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) approved its merger with Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBP). In a highly tense annual general meeting (AGM), ...
The government has restructured the capital base of Chennai-based Indian Bank so as to enable the bank to come out with a public ...
The merger of United Western Bank (UWB) with Industrial Bank of India (IDBI) will become effective from October 3.
This will also ...
The proposal to amalgamate United Western Bank (UWB) with IDBI Bank has found support from UWB Officers Organisation (UWBOO), ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) has applied to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to increase the limit for foreign ...
Satyam Computer Services Limited has announced that it has signed a 10-year contract with Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB) to supply, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has informed the government that it cannot clear proposals received from foreign venture capital ...
Fitch Ratings today downgraded the outlook on IndusInd Bank to negative from stable on concerns over the banks inability to ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) has applied to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to increase the limit for foreign ...
Reflecting the strong appetite of India Inc to raise capital overseas, the country's external debt increased by $6.9 billion at ...
The country's forex reserves increased by $ 940 million to $ 166.482 billion during the week ended September 22 from $ 165.542 ...
Manufacturing units cannot be clubbed with realty: Nath.

ICICI Bank Joint Managing Director Kalpana Morparia today said she does not see interest rates softening.
She expects interest ...
The Bombay High Court today said it can only look into the decision making process used by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
Move aimed at increasing retail portfolio.
Composition of disbursements across segments to get a look-in.
Standard Chartered Bank is looking to restructure its portfolio of business in India.
We are looking at reshuffling our ...
The RBI has equated IFC with foreign financial institutions, thus blocking the move.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been prompted to consider a detailed study of the composition of credit disbursements by ...
The Bombay High Court today said it can only look into the decision-making process used by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
Lending rates may go up by 25-50 basis points in the medium term, Sanjay Nayar, CEO (India) of Citigroup, said today.He ...
K V Kamath, CEO and managing director of ICICI Bank, today said the bank would wait for the government to remove the cloud of ...
UTI Bank is to set up an asset management company (AMC) by the end of the current financial year.
The Reserve Bank of ...
The board of United Western Bank (UWB) has strongly objected to Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) proposal of handing over the ...
Lakshmi Vilas Bank Limited is targeting a total business of Rs 10,000 crore during this fiscal year.
The 100-year-old bank, ...
The Visakhapatnam Co-operative Urban Bank (VCB) has announced 12 per cent dividend including 6 per cent interest on share capital ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants banks to get directly engaged in micro-finance lending activities to bring down the cost of ...
UTI Bank, the third largest private sector bank, today launched a subsidiary for selling loans, credit cards and other retail ...
Yes Bank today unveiled a plan to expand its retail reach.
The Mumbai-based bank will add 60 branches to its existing 21 branches ...
Citigroup plans to double its small and medium enterprises (SME) credit portfolio in India to $3 billion in three years.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to bring all derivative transactions of banks on their balance sheets against the current ...
The board of United Western Bank (UWB) has strongly objected to the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) proposal of handing over the ...
Citigroup plans to double its SME credit portfolio in India to $3 billion in the next three years.
The plans would be ...
UTI Bank, which opened its first international branch in Singapore early this year, plans to further expand its overseas network ...
Yes Bank is planning to open 60 branches and 75 offsite ATM centres by June 2007, two processing centres at DLF Cyber City Centre ...
NIIT has announced its entry into training for the financial services sector with the launch of the Institute of Finance, Banking ...
The sudden crisis created by the RBI's restriction on the United Western Bank (UWB) and its merger process resulted in the ...
Maharashtra commissioner for co-operation Anil Diggikar has said despite some cases of mismanagement, the performance of the ...
Canara Bank will raise $300 million hybrid capital, comprising upper tier-II and perpetual bonds (tier-I capital), in November ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked United Western Bank (UWB) to seek a legal opinion on the need to convene an annual general ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would issue final guidelines on implementation of the revised capital adequacy norms by banks in ...
The Reserve Bank of India working group has asked banks to review charges they levy on funds remitted by non-resident Indians ...
State Banks of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today said interest rates are showing signs of softening after hardening for about ...
Naina Lal Kidwai, CEO-designate of HSBC India, continues to be on the board of Nestle SA, Switzerland, though the bank had said ...
Finally, there are some signs of a slowdown in retail credit growth, but the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not willing to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) chairman O P Bhatt today said interest rates are showing signs of softening, and liquidity in the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will announce guidelines for implementing the Basel II framework in the next few weeks, Deputy ...
Max New York Life (MNYL) has announced that it has increased its capital base by Rs 30 crore, taking it to Rs 617 crore.
With ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram Sunday said the Reserve Bank of India may not need to raise interest rates further to curb ...
Development Credit Bank promoter, Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED), has sold nearly 1 per cent stake in the bank to ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has proposed to open 13 branches and install 192 new ATMs, including 51 ATMs at railway stations, ...
An overwhelming majority of Indian banks are against the government granting full domestic status to banks from the European ...
Federal Bank will turn its defunct non-bank finance company into a direct selling agent to market its products, according to the ...
Vidarbha regions premier urban co-operative bank, Nagpur Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd (NNSB), has sought Reserve Bank of India ...
Global reinsurers have started expressing apprehensions over the prospects of price cuts in the detariffed insurance regime, set ...
Vijaya Bank plans to raise Rs 900 crore through bonds by December and said it is looking for acquiring a small bank preferably in ...
The banking sector favours the creation of six or seven large entities like the State Bank of India to enable it to face ...
The 2 percentage point subsidy on farm loans of up to Rs 3 lakh will be extended to all scheduled commercial banks.
In other ...
The Reserve Bank of India is understood to be of the view that foreign institutional investors (FIIs) should not be allowed as ...
Vijaya Bank sees itself falling short of its target with regard to branch expansion.
The bank had earlier targeted taking its ...
The rising number of terrorist strikes has not dampened the festive spirit for Navratri in Mumbai, Durga Puja in Kolkata and ...
SBI offering 25-50 bps
discount on loans, PNB cuts rates by 25 bps.
Bankers have different ideas when it comes to deciding on the charges to be levied for various services, notwithstanding the ...
Asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) from now on will no longer be able to acquire bad loans from banks without making any ...
After a series of rate hikes, here is a piece of good news for home and car loan seekers.
Banks have started cutting interest ...
Keki M Minstry, managing director of Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), today said the company is not anticipating a ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today announced a 0.25% cut on floating home and car loan rates for the festival season with effect ...
Andhra Bank today entered into an MoU with consortium of institutions for higher learning(CIHL) to extend educational loans to ...
Board of directors of Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) on Thursday discussed the Reserve Bank of Indias draft ...
Banknet survey shows 64% of respondents are comfortable with the machine.
Reserve Bank of India has mooted a depositor protection fund (DPF) for imparting financial education and counselling to the ...
Working group to re-examine checks and controls in a centrally automated environment set-up.
Halts rally that saw benchmark yield at four-month low.
Buoyed by Rs 578 crore profit earned in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh in 2005-06, the State Bank of India (SBI) plans to add ...
Kolkata's United Bank of India (UBI) has tied up with Tata AIG Life Insurance Co.
Ltd.
(TAIGL) to offer the 'United shiksha ...
FM P Chidambaram: Perhaps it is no longer necessary to tighten rates further.
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) today said it will increase its solvency margin by Rs 7,000 crore to Rs 37,000 crore by ...
Visakhapatnam Co-operative Bank Limited (VCB) registered 54 per cent growth in net profits during 2005-06 at Rs 3.40 crore, ...
The promoters of Birla Sun Life Insurance Company would infuse Rs 50 crore as capital to generate more business.
Yes Bank has signed $30 million one-year foreign currency loan agreement with the US-based Wachovia Bank to finance exports of ...
Employees of Lord Krishna Bank (LKB), who have been agitating against the proposed merger of the bank with the Centurion Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) plans to merge the troubled United Western Bank (UWB) with Industrial Development Bank of India ...
Banks are shy of taking large and long-term exposures to ultra-mega power projects the government is proposing to set up.

Sale will include Rs 1,400 crore written-off bad loans.
Commercial realty risk attached.

The Reserve Bank of India today clamped down on banks' financing of special economic zones (SEZs) by directing them to treat ...
India has denied violating an agreement with Singapore by blocking two of its entities from doubling stake in ICICI Bank,
The plan of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to merge the troubled United Western Bank (UWB) with Industrial Development Bank of India ...
The issuance of oil bonds or bonds to oil companies has been delayed as the government is in a dilemma over granting them SLR ...
US-based global investment banking major Goldman Sachs today said it would invest one billion dollar in India for expanding ...
The manager of a local branch of Chandrapur District Consumer Co-operative (DCC) Bank was among three arrested in connection with ...
The board of Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank today approved a reduction in 2005-06 dividend by 2 percentage points to 5 per ...
'No liquidity problem,' says RBI.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) is considering allowing life insurance companies to enter into ...
You frequent Barista, but havent been there for quite sometime now.
Dont be surprised if you get a personalised offer to entice ...
The central bank is unlikely to allow mutual funds to continue with their current account facility from next month onwards.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor, Y V Reddy, today warned that the current level of capital flows from industrialised ...
With a large number of private educational institutions opening up in Agra, the Syndicate Bank has begun targeting them by ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asserted India remains one of the best borrowers of the World Bank and suspension of funds ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India, said emerging market economies were always wary that capital flows could slow down, ...
The State Bank of India today launched a 'liability central processing centre (LCPC)' in Kolkata, expected to improve customer ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has joined several other public sector banks waiting in the wings to enter life insurance business.
Banks allowed to appoint statutory auditors without Reserve Bank of India approval.
Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has taken the plunge in the booming retail banking business.
3i Infotech, the fourth-largest domestic software products company, today launched an insurance broking exchange, providing a ...
Tamil Nadu-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) plans to raise Rs 98.36 crore through a rights issue of equity shares to take its ...
Tamil Nadu-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) plans to raise Rs 98.36 crore through a rights issue of equity shares to take its ...
Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has forayed into the booming retail banking business.The Pune-based bank has created a separate ...
The board of directors of Bank of Baroda (BOB) approved a proposal to initiate steps for entering the life insurance business ...
Bank of Maharashtra (Mahabank) has plans to enter the mutual funds business.

Foreign exchange reserves declined $1.320 billion to $165.138 billion for the week ended September 8, according to the weekly ...
A working group set up by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended cross-subsidising of basic banking services to ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), Indian Bank and Corporation Bank today formed an alliance that would trigger rationalisation of ...
Corporation Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce and Indian Bank today signed a memorandum of understanding to form a strategic ...
Shree Suvarna Co-operative Bank (SSCB) was today placed under moratorium by the Reserve Bank following erosion of its ...
The Cauvery Kalpatharu Grameena Bank (CKGB), formed after amalgamation of the Cauvery Grameena Bank and the the Kalpatharu ...
The government in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to constitute a committee on financial sector ...
Commercial banks have been freed from having to seek the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) clearance before deciding on the heads of ...
Diabetic patients would soon be able to avail of health insurance even if the metabolic disorder is a pre-existing one.

Corporation Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) and Indian Bank are set to announce an alliance tomorrow that will virtually ...
Corporation Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) and Indian Bank are set to announce an alliance tomorrow that will virtually ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) today said the huge bad loans of United Western Bank (UWB) may affect IDBI's ...
Corporation, Indian, Oriental plan strategic alliance.
The government is mulling relaxation of certain regulatory norms such as permitting foreign currency hedging or easier purchase ...
An investment banker working with a foreign bank got a call from a head-hunter, offering him the top job in a foreign fund ...
The president of the Clearing House, Pune, has suspended the clearing of cheques drawn on the loss-making Shree Suvarna Sahakari ...
Banking stocks were the biggest gainers on the stock exchanges on Wednesday in anticipation of a sharp fall in bond yields ...
Union Bank of India (UBI), the Mumbai-based mid-sized bank, plans to raise about Rs 1,500 crore through a mix of tier-I hybrid ...
Maharashtra Finance Minister Jayant Patil today expressed surprise over the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) decision to merge ...
Major shareholders of United Western Bank (UWB) are likely to demand a much higher upfront payment by Industrial Development Bank ...
Central Bank of India (CBI) faces fall in its income from its treasury operations.
The bank plans to focus on core banking and ...
Two years ago, IDBI
Bank was merged with IDBI.
With the acqui-sition of United Western Bank, IDBI
will more than double its ...
IDBI to pay UWB shareholders Rs 150.55 cr at Rs 28 a share.

Union Bank of India (UBI) has introduced a new deposit scheme- Union Cash Certificate - which will be in effect till October 31. ...
Scope International Pvt Ltd, the shared services arm of Standard Chartered Bank (SCB), has set up a global network centre of ...
Central Bank of India (CBI) faces fall in its income from its treasury operations.
Central Bank plans to focus on core banking ...
The Manipal-based Syndicate Bank is launching a reworked version of its nearly 80-year- old Pigmy Deposit Scheme to expand its ...
The Thane Janata Sahakari Bank is close to acquiring three co-operative banks in Maharashtra - two in Pune and one in Nashik - ...
Post-issue, Bank Muscat, India Advantage Fund to have 5.76% and 4.55% stake.
Total premium of the general insurance industry grew 16.48 per cent in 2005-06 to Rs 20,421.16 crore from Rs 17,530.68 crore a ...
IDBI will make an upfront payment in cash of Rs 28 in respect of every fully paid-up share of United Western Bank.The ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today place in public domain a
The Thane Janata Sahakari Bank is close to acquiring three co-operative banks in Maharashtra - two in Pune and one in Nashik ...
Yes Bank, in collaboration with Intel Technology India, today launched a wi-fi banking branch network - the first such network in ...
Citibank is keen to lead a consortium of lenders for the ulta mega power projects (UMPPs), for bridging working capital ...
The Board for Cricket Control in India (BCCI), the sole organiser of the tri-series starting in Malaysia tomorrow, has bought a ...
The HongKong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) in India expects to add a significant number of small and medium enterprise ...
R H Patil, chairman of the Clearing Corporation of India and a member of the committee on full convertibility, defends the ...
Private insurance players have doubled their market share in health insurance in two years.
Their market share has increased from ...
India is set to share the centrestage with China at the upcoming IMF-World Bank (Fund-Bank) meet in Singapore.

It is good times again for the beleaguered depositors of the erstwhile Ganesh Bank of Kurundawad (GBK), thanks to the banks ...
In what appears to be a move to pre-empt moratorium and other restrictions from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the city-based ...
ING Vysya Bank today sold 23,09,999 shares held by it in Bharat Overseas Bank (BhOB) at Rs 155 per share.According to a ...
In what appears to be a move to pre-empt moratorium and other restrictions from the Reserve Bank of India, city-based Shree ...
India is set to share the centrestage with China at the upcoming IMF-World Bank meet in Singapore.
The last time the meet was ...
The South Indian Bank (SIB) has won a special award for excellence in banking technology from the Institute of Development and ...
The Manipal-headquartered public sector Syndicate Bank added one million new customers over the last two months  from July 10 to ...
Andhra Bank will focus on non-banking products and fee-based income, besides increasing low-cost deposits and reducing its NPA to ...
Starting a new trend in rural credit, the State Bank of India-sponsored Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank (APGVB) is directly ...
Barclays Plc, Britain's third largest bank, is planning a big leap in investments and nearly four-fold jump in employee strength ...
Starting a new trend in rural credit, the State Bank of India-sponsored Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank (APGVB) is planning to ...
Indian banks are expected to mop up around $3 billion through the hybrid route by the end of the current fiscal due to the ...
The ongoing strike by over 1,200 employees of Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) has seriously hit the functioning of the banks branches in ...
New age banks thrive on target-based performance of their employees, sharply contrasting the tradition practiced in the old ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) seems reluctant to give its go-ahead for setting up white-label (or no name) ATMs by corporates, ...
Maharashtra Finance Minister Jayant Patil on Friday strongly defended the state governments decision to put in a Rs 210 crore ...
RBI tells banks to ensure that developers adhere to BIS code.
Indiabulls Financial Services has proposed to offer one share of the company for every six shares of United Western Bank (UWB) ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) is conducting a deposit mobilisation fortnight from September 11 to September 26, at all of its 946 ...
Insurance agents working for public sector insurance firm Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) have launched a nationwide ...
Firm to foray into asset management, consumer finance and realty development in India.
India Infrastructure Finance Co Ltd has so far sanctioned Rs 1,000 crore for 13 projects in the current financial year, Chairman ...
Several Banks are in talks with ratings agency Crisil for putting in place a risk management system for their agricultural loans ...
Never in the history of Indian banking had there been so many suitors for a troubled bank.
What's so unique about United Western ...
The Maharashtra government is ready to pump in Rs 210 crore to rescue the beleaguered United Western Bank (UWB).
The National Agricultural Bank of Rural Development (Nabard) has made a special allocation of Rs 750 crore for the north-eastern ...
The Maharashtra government is ready to pump in Rs 201 crore to rescue the beleaguered United Western Bank (UWB). Its wholly owned ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), along with one or more of its subsidiary/associate companies, is planning to ...
Forty-two banks advanced agriculture loans totaling Rs 313.12 crore to 81,313 farmers in Guntur district in the first quarter ...
The employees of Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) today began an indefinite strike demanding the intervention of the Reserve Bank of India ...
Canara Bank may get the nod for United Western.
In just over a year's time, HSBC Electronic Data Processing India (HDPI) has signed a second memorandum of understanding with the ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has joined hands with the Maharashtra government and State Industrial Investment ...
You may soon have to furnish proof of income for buying a life insurance policy when the annual premium is above Rs 50,000.
Assets under management (AUM) of mutual fund industry have crossed the Rs 300,000 crore mark in August to touch Rs 3,07,106 ...
Temasek Holdings, the investment arm of the Singapore government, hassubstantially increased its exposure to India.
The ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked Sicom, in its proposal to take control of United Western Bank (UWB), to infuse fresh ...
Employees of Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) have gone on an indefinite strike from today demanding the intervention of the Reserve Bank ...
IPO scam-tainted banks cannot expand for 3 years.

A financial crisis similar to the 1997 Asian crisis is unlikely to recur, as banking systems in the region are better placed to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked state cooperative banks (StCBs) and district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) to ...
Saraswat Co-operative Bank has decided to throw in its hat in the race for United Western Bank (UWB). The Mumbai-based banks ...
IDBI throws in the hat as 7th bidder.
As the queue of suitors to take over the United Western Bank (UWB) gets longer, the BJP today demanded that the government should ...
Most of the leading industrial units and the Kolhapur Municipal Corporation (KMC) are facing crisis due to the RBIs abrupt order ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), Nashik division, has registered 77.56 per cent growth in the premium from new ...
UTI Mutual Fund has reclaimed its number one rank among mutual funds in India in terms of the total assets under management ...
The Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank has helped link 280 self-help groups (SHGs) in Haveri district through its 22 branches in the ...
The Ernakulam division of LIC of India has become the only division in Kerala and Tamil Nadu to cross one lakh policies as on ...
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has surpassed its 12-month business target within five ...
The south central zone (Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka) of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has announced that it has ...
Andhra Bank, Bank of India, State Bank of India, HDFC and Punjab National Bank have won the best bank awards under five different ...
Arguing for enhanced use of rural-oriented technology, Reserve Bank of India governor Y V Reddy said banks would be able to ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India has decided to concentrate on the interiors of Punjab to market its golden jubilee ...
Nearly half of Goas population is covered by policies issued by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC).
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked Kerala-based Dhanalakshmi Bank to revise the dividend recommended by the bank board for ...
The government securities market has clocked a volume of around Rs 12,000 crore today with yields across maturities falling by ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram during the centenary celebrations of Indian Bank in Chennai today urged the bank to break ...
The eagerly anticipated merger of the Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBC) and Kochi-based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) has finally taken ...
The United Western Bank (UWB) saga took a curious turn today, with the Maharashtra government deciding that the State Industrial ...
The Investors' Grievances Forum (IGF) today said the Reserve Bank of India should ensure total protection to all depositors of ...
The merger of Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBC) and Kochi-based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) has finally taken off, paving the way for ...
Reserve Bank of India has asked Kerala-based Dhanalakshmi Bank to revise the dividend recommended by the bank board for FY06 as ...
The board of ICICI Bank today approved to submit its expression of interest to Reserve Bank for amalgamation of United Western ...
Andhra Bank
too has joined the race for acquiring United Western Bank.According to a release issued by the bank to the ...
Canara Bank
has joined the race to acquire United Western Bank.
It may be noted that ICICI Bank
and Federal Bank
were the first ...
Finally, Maharashtra-based Ganesh Bank
of Kurundwad has become part of Federal Bank.
After the Supreme Court upheld the scheme of ...
Boards of Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) and Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) will meet on Monday in New Delhi to work out the swap ratio ...
Board meets today to decide on expression of interest.
Indian companies long wait to promote banks may come to an end if the Reserve Bank of India softens its stand and accepts the ...
The Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) today said it wants to acquire a bank to help double its advances portfolio from the ...
ICICI Bank is leading the race for taking over United Western Bank, which was put under moratorium by the Reserve Bank of India ...
The boards of Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) and Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) will meet on Monday in New Delhi to work out the swap ...
Export and Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) is likely to raise over Rs 7,000 crore from both overseas and domestic markets in the ...
The Tarapore Committee on rupee float has asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to use cash reserve ratio (CRR) and statutory ...
Reserve Bank of India governor Y V Reddy today said the apex bank will take a view on the set of measures recommended for this ...
The Netherlands-based Gilde Investment and private sector banking major and Yes Bank, will be jointly setting up a euro 75 ...

The Central government today issued an order of moratorium to the United Western Bank.
The order of moratorium was been passed in ...
Yes Bank and the College of Agribusiness Management, Pant Nagar (Uttaranchal), have entered into a strategic alliance for ...
United Bank of India, in an effort to restructure its capital base, plans to go for an initial public offering (IPO) of an ...
The subcommittee on rural health insurance set up under the aegis of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is ...
Indian corporates are aggressively expanding their operations abroad in tune with their growing ambitions and zest to grab ...
Buoyed by a rise of 182.26 per cent in premium income, Life Insurance Corporation of Indias market share expanded by 3.5 ...
The report of the committee on fuller capital account convertibility (FCAC) has recommended bringing foreign (non-resident) ...
The recommendation to phase out inflow of funds into domestic stock markets through the participatory note (PNs) route and to ban ...
Two of the committee members, AV Rajwade and Surjit S Bhalla (both Business Standard columnists), have expressed reservations ...
Want to remit money for shares or property purchased overseas?
Need to urgently open a letter of credit for imports while still ...
The panel set by by the Reserve Bank of India on a capital account convertibility roadmap has said the country should move ...
The RBI a task force on capital account convertibility for reviewing rules on current & capital accounts has made a ...
Canara Bank will raise $300 million (Rs 1,380 cr) in first tranche through hybrid capital and bonds from overseas market to ...
The United Bank of India, in an effort to restructure its capital base, plans to go in for an initial public offering (IPO) ...
Forex market
Kolkata-based UCO Bank expects 40 per cent of its staff to be rendered surplus once all its branches are automated and networked ...
Dewan Housing launches reverse mortgage for senior citizens.
The route for the fund has not yet been decided.
As part of its golden jubilee celebrations, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), Mysore division, on Thursday announced ...
All commercial banks will have to adopt Basel-II norms from March next year, the Reserve Bank has said in its Annual Report for ...
GOVERNANCE: Parliament's approval of an amendment Bill last week paves the way for more board-level positions in public ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank Limited (DLB) has announced a 5 per cent dividend for its shareholders for 2005-06.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would gradually open up the capital account, nearly a month after a committee ...
High global short-term interest rates coupled with the rising foreign exchange reserves helped RBI sharply increase its income ...
Foreign bank's branch expansion norms.
Smaller entities to continue with Basel-I guidelines.
The implications of special economic zones (SEZs) on revenues of the government has now become a worrying factor for the Reserve ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is seeking to have a greater say in the appointment of directors and CEOs of government-owned ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is seeking to have a greater say in the appointment of directors and CEOs of government-owned ...
SBI Life Insurance has set an ambitious target of earning over Rs 1,000 crore of premium income for the financial year 2006-07 ...
Interest spreads of banks are likely to recover in FY07 as a bigger part of the rise in cost of funds is seen being passed on to ...
Vijaya Bank is planning to raise Rs 500-600 crore through issue of upper Tier II bonds in 2006-07.
ABN Amro Bank has helped structure a unique loan deal which enables JSW Steel receive an advance payment against a long-term ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank has put around 40 loss-making branches in metro and urban areas on notice for closure or merger with other ...
Former SBI Mutual Fund executives, Ajay Bodke and Rajat Jain, may come under pressure to quit from their respective positions at ...
Interest spreads of banks are likely to recover in FY07, according to research by ratings agency Crisil.According to the ...
The State Bank of India Staff Association (SBISA) today deferred the proposed strike on September 1 in Delhi Circle following ...
ICICI Bank and Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Co have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU), which will pave the way for ...
The finance ministry has found support from the central bank in its opposition to any populist move for dilution of the ...
If any more proof is
needed of how hot the private equity (PE) scene is
in India, here it is.
IL&FS Investment Managers ...
To increase its premium income, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has opened branches on Nashik Road, Pimpalgaon Baswant and Satana.
Jammu & Kashmir Bank is drawing up a strategy to position it as a super-specialist in the emerging high-potential ...
The New India Assurance Co has posted a 78.10 per cent rise in the net profit at Rs 716.38 crore for the year 2005-06, from Rs ...
The domestic venture fund industry feels it has been delivered a severe blow by the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) guidelines on ...
The countrys largest bank, State Bank of Indias (SBI), venture fund initiatives have been put on a fast track.
Dealing a final blow to the financial autonomy of regulatory bodies, the government has asked the organisations to park their ...
SBI Capital Markets (SBICAP), the investment banking subsidiary of State Bank of India (SBI), today announced its foray in the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which would have to transfer to 59.7% stake helb by it in State Bank of India (SBI) to the ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group set up to formulate reasonable bank charges is likely to submit its report in the ...
Jammu and Kashmir Bank is aiming at becoming a top commodities financing institution in the next few years to tap the huge ...
The board of directors of Bank of India, which met on August 26, 2006, cleared a proposal for the bank's entry into the life ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has opened three new branches at Nashik Road, Pimpalgaon Baswant and Satana.
The company is planning ...
The 26 foreign banks operating in the country have outperformed domestic banks  both in public and private sectors  by posting ...
Employees of the private Lord Krishna Bank would intensify their agitation against the proposal to merge the bank with Centurion ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $273 million to $165.37 billion for the week ended August 18, according to the weekly ...
Overseas borrowings by Indian companies -- which have been on a spree to expand capacities and clinch companies abroad -- ...
The two-week-old rally in government bonds has started to lure state-owned banks, giving credence to view that market will remain ...
Kolkata-based non-banking financial company (NBFC) Shrachi Infrastructure Finance (SIFL) is set to be merged with retail finance ...
Securing educational loans will not be a Herculean task any more.
To make the loan-lending process hassle-free, the Union finance ...
Close on the heels of the Cabinets approval for the SBI (Amendment) Bill, the finance ministry is giving finishing touches to a ...
National Housing Bank expects to borrow Rs 8,600 crore from the market by June 2007.
Chairman and MD S Sridhar said, The ...
Corporation Bank is planning to disburse Rs 500 crore as loan to the upcoming Komarapalayam Hi-Tech Weaving Park (KHWP).
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) might issue bonus share to SBI, its parent, before hitting the market with its maiden public ...
Tata Steel launched its syndicated term loan of $750 million at a roadshow in Taipei today.
Company officials said the fund ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said foreign banks practising hidden policy of denying credit cards and loans to police ...
Among public sector banks (PSBs), Bank of Baroda (BoB) is planning to offer a longish stint (9-10 years) to its officials in its ...
The countrys fourth largest bank, Punjab National Bank (PNB), has drawn up plans to invest up to Rs 500 crore overseas as it ...
Come January 2007, insurance premiums for commercial vehicles may see a sharp rise, while private vehicle owners may need to pay ...
The Union Cabinet today cleared the decks for a follow-on public issue of equity shares by State Bank of India, the countrys ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, the largest private sector life insurer, is likely to see a "delay" in reporting net profit ...
Over 50,000 dairy farmers of the State Co-operative Milk Federation in Bihar are set to join UTI Mutual Fund's Retirement Benefit ...
The Reserve Bank of India today capped investments by banks in venture capital funds (VCFs) at 10 per cent of their respective ...
The Peerless General Finance & Investment Company Ltd (PGFIL), one of the largest non banking finance companies in India, has ...
The Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) has introduced a savings scheme for senior citizens --CSB Senior Citizen Support.
Andhra Bank chairman A Ramakrishnan has said that the bank had no plans to outsource work in spite of the Reserve Bank of Indias ...
Syndicate Bank has revised its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) from 11.25 per cent to 11.50 per cent with effect from ...
Public sector general insurer, Oriental Insurance Company Limited, has resorted to premium loading apart from reduced brokerage ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has spiked banks attempts to reduce interest cost on hybrid Tier I and Tier II bonds through ...
LS okays an amendment that allows Centre to supersede boards of state-run banks.
Kolhapur-based Shree Mahaveer Co-operative Bank (SMCB) is waiting for its merger into the Mumbai-based Shamrao Vitthal ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman O P Bhatt today said credit growth in 2006-07 would be moderate compared to the sharp rise ...
The Lok Sabha today passed an amendment that empowers the government to supersede boards of public sector banks, except State ...
Global rating agency Fitch today said the credit profile of the Indian banking sector has improved in the recent years, but a ...
Indians going abroad for employment in strife-torn countries like Lebanon and Afghanistan now have reasons to feel assured.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sought information on the end use of funds from 14 companies, including four real estate ...
Housing finance major HDFC is organising its mega NRI Homeland Festival in Palakkad tomorrow (Wednesday).
US-based Principal Financial Group plans to transform the way life insurance products are structured in India when its joint ...
Bharti AXA Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and global insurance major AXA, today formally ...
Allahabad Bank is planning to expand in a big way in south India.
This is one bit of information that the banking regulator would love to hear.
Credit disbursements at the countrys two biggest ...
Bharti AXA Life Insurance Company - a joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and global insurance major AXA - will be setting ...
Federal Bank has launched a special Onam loan scheme, My Home - My Car, under which housing and vehicle loans will be sanctioned ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today fined IDBI Bank for the second time for violation of guidelines in the IPO allotment scam ...
Union Bank of India expects to recover Rs 350 crore of bad debts by September end.
As on July 31, the banks total bad debt was ...
Banks response to Banking Codes and Standards Board of India (BCSBI) has been slow with just four signing up so far.
The BCSBI ...
Debt market brokers, who have been out of the government securities business since the launch of negotiated dealing systems by ...
State Bank of India Staff Association (SBISA) today commenced a 9-day dharna, which will culminate into a 1-day ...
A consumer court has ruled that insurance companies are not allowed to re-assess the market value of an insured vehicle once a ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has decided to appoint a real estate consultant to evaluate its properties in south ...
The National Securities Depository Ltd (NSDL) has suggested the abolition of the quota for retail investors in initial public ...
Vijaya Bank is planning to raise Rs 500-600 crore upper tier-II capital in the current financial year.
Chairman and Managing ...
The Rana Talwar-controlled Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) has bared its acquisitive intent to become a retail bank with presence ...
United Western Bank, Bank of Rajasthan, Dhanalakshmi Bank and Tamilnad Mercantile Bank are among the banks seen as next in line ...
The boards of Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP) and Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) today agreed to go ahead with the exercise of merging ...
Vijaya Bank is planning to open offices overseas for the first time."We are planning to open representative offices in ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $701 million to $165.094 billion for the week ended August 11, 2006 when compared with the ...
ICICI Bank has become the first Indian bank to tap the overseas market with a perpetual bond having priced it at the lower end of ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today raised interest rates on deposits by 25-50 basis points across various maturities with effect ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has banned premature term deposit withdrawals from Shikshak Sahakari Bank which witnessed ...
Thrissur-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) has received the go ahead from the Company Law Board (CLB), Chennai, for its capital ...
IndusInd Bank is in advanced talks with a foreign bank for a strategic equity partnership.
The bank is in negotiations to sell up ...
IndusInd Bank is scouting for a strategic tie-up with a foreign bank, and is planning to offload up to 5% stake in the bank to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today announced hike in deposit rates across maturities by 25-50 basis points (0.25-0.50%) w.e.f ...
ICICI Bank today said it has raised $ 340 million from Tier-I hybrid bonds in overseas markets.The 10-year perpetual ...
Reserve of India (RBI) has stopped premature term deposit withdrawals from Shikshak Sahakari Bank, the second biggest ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today launched its liability central processing centre at Kolkata.
The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) is now willing to open the doors for two Indian banks  State Bank of India and ICICI ...
Within five months of its launch, Sanjivni, a rural health insurance scheme of the Punjab government for people working in ...
State Bank of India, the countrys largest lender, plans to raise $200 million through upper tier-II bonds in the overseas ...
The Uco Bank board met today and vested the decision on revision in prime lending rate (PLR) with the asset liability committee ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has constituted an expert committee to review the regulations governing ...
Reliance Life Insurance Company has set a target of breaking even in three-and-a-half years.
We plans to break even by 2009-10 ...
Banks have sought the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) intervention for ensuring forbearance in adhering to the new accounting ...
The board of directors of UCO Bank met today and vested the decision on revision in prime lending rate (PLR) with the Asset ...
The expert committee set up by insurance regulator Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) for reviewing licensing ...
As part of its expansion drive in the high-potential Indian financial services market, Barclays Bank is planning to pick up 10% ...
Citigroup Venture Capital International (CVC), the private equity arm of Citigroup, has invested $15 million (Rs 69.78 crore) in ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has unveiled a new deposit scheme, "SBT Tax Saver Term Deposit Scheme", with effect from ...
Forex market
Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS) is bidding for acquiring a stressed Philippine company, Maynilad ...
Media house, Bennett, Coleman & Company will be the third promoter partner in a life insurance company Ranbaxy promoter group ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) today announced a deposit scheme offering 8.25 per cent, the highest annual ...
Washington-based group says rate productive.
Banks routinely debit accounts of customers based on electronic clearing service (ECS) file received from the clearing house ...
National Housing Bank, the housing finance regulator, plans to tie up with banks and non government organisations for its new ...
Regulator wants ministry to frame policy guidelines.
HSBC India CEO Naina Lal Kidwai will step down from the board of Nestle SA before the company's next board meeting in September. ...
Bennett, Coleman & Company will be the third promoter partner in a life insurance company being launched by Ranbaxy group ...
IDBI will launch a new fixed deposit scheme called IDBI Suvidha Plus (ISPFD) under its  brand IDBI Suvidha Fixed Deposit ...
The Washington-based Consultative Group to Assist the Poor (CGAP), a consortium of 33 development agencies that support ...
Global rating agency Fitch today upgraded the long term foreign currency issuer default rating (IDR) of ICICI Bank from ...
Naina Lal Kidwai, the CEO of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp (HSBC) in India, is likely to step down from the global board of ...
A 34.69 per cent decline in the net profit of State Bank of India, countrys largest commercial bank which accounts for one-fifth ...
Union Bank of India, became the latest amongst a slew of public sector banks that have hiked their prime lending rates (PLRs) in ...
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services today assigned its 'BB-' rating to the hybrid Tier-1 securities to be issued by India's ...
Naina Lal Kidwai, appointed CEO of HSBC India in May, is likely to step down as a director from the board of Nestle SA, following ...
Bank of Maharashtra is likely to raise Rs 650 crore through bonds or hybrid instruments in the remaining part of this fiscal to ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) is working on a special model to finance small and medium enterprises (SME) in the ...
TVS Finance and Services and the Department of Posts, Tamil Nadu, have entered into a marketing agreement to launch a scheme ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and the four public sector general insurance companies  New India Assurance, United ...
The Kerala-based South Indian Bank (SIB) has taken management charge of UAEs leading money exchange house, Hadi Express ...
Allahabad Bank has raised its interest rate on longer term deposits with effect from August 16, 2006.
The maximum rate for term ...
Union Bank of India has raised interest rates on all loans, including home loans, by 25 basis points to protect their margins as ...
Central bank upset over removal of ex-banker as administrator by Maharashtra government.
The finance ministry wants public sector banks in which the government holds the majority stake to make changes in their exposure ...
Easier access to funds propels outbound deals in 2006.

With a view to reduce cost of funds and improve spread, LIC Housing Finance is planning to come out with a public deposit scheme ...
Ratings agency Crisil has assigned maiden gradings to initial public offerings (IPOs) of two medium-sized enterprises.
Standing by its earlier view that banks like ICICI Bank cannot employ musclemen to recover loans, the Delhi High Court has ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.772 billion to $165.795 billion for the week ended August 4, according to data released by ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has decided to make public the names of professional directors, especially ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) today suspended the depository participant (DP) business of IndusInd Bank and ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB), a Mumbai-based private sector bank, was not in compliance with the priority sector advances norms ...
Mumbai-based Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank (SVCB) has received permission from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to acquire two ...
New business premium income of life insurance companies in the first quarter of 2006-07 is more than three times a year earlier, ...
The current lendable resources available with banks are expected to support a credit growth of at least 18 per cent in 2006-07.
Money supply grows 19.5%
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to give its nod to the expansion plans of Singapore's DBS Bank in India for the time ...
After the recent merger of Nashik-based Saptashringi Co-op Bank with itself, the Mumbai-based Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank ...
The board of directors of Punjab National Bank will meet in Bhopal tomorrow.The main issue is to discuss the finance ...
Bank of Maharashtra has announced its wish to launch its Visa credit card in the next three months.
The bank is aiming to achieve ...
The AP Mahesh Co-operative Urban Bank Ltd has come out with a special educational loan scheme under which up to Rs 15 lakh would ...
The State Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) of Andhra Pradesh has decided to supplement the relief and rehabilitation measures ...
Shriram Life Insurance Company, a joint venture between Chennai-based Shriram Group and South African insurance major Sanlam, has ...
Bank of Baroda is planning to roll out a retail delivery model for large corporates, mid-corporates and SME segments in Gujarat. ...
Announcement by the Depositors Insurance Credit Gurantee Corporation (DIGC) to allocate Rs 17 crore towards repayment of deposits ...
Bank of Maharashtra has increased interest rates on deposits with a tenure of 181 days to 2 years by 25 basis points.
The rate ...
Forex market
Merrill Lynch today named Rahul Malhotra as managing director and head of global private client (GPC) group - India.
Mahlotra has ...
General insurers are saying no to group health insurance covers to employees of companies, which do not avail of property ...
The RBI, in a statement, said the instructions include providing continued access to customers to their bank accounts and ...
Hundreds of crores of currency notes stashed in currency chests maintained by banks in Surat, the countrys diamond and textiles ...
After ICICI Bank withdrew free insurance cover to its credit cardholders, HDFC Bank has followed suit.

The 25-member management committee of the Indian Banks Association (IBA) will take up for discussion the finance ministrys ...
The floods in Gujarat are set to hit the general insurance industry hard as most of the big projects, coming under mega policies ...
The borrowing costs of banks are on a steep climb.
Indias second-largest bank ICICI Bank is offering 10.10 per cent on Rs 225 ...
Corporation Bank launched a new tax saving term deposit scheme  Corp Tax Saver  here on Tuesday.
The scheme provides dual ...
The government is toying with the idea of incorporating provisions in the Banking Regulation Act to empower the Reserve Bank of ...
State Bank of India (SBI) and SBI Holdings, part of Japans financial services provider SBI group, are setting up a $100 million ...
The US Federal Reserve pausing interest rate hikes made the Indian government securities market turn bullish after a long gap.

SBI first Indian bank to set up shop in China
State Bank of India (SBI) and SBI Holdings, part of Japan's financial services provider SBI group, are setting up a $100 million ...
Zurich Financial Services, one of the leading financial services organisations in Europe, has decided to implement the universal ...
The United Bank of India (UBI) is planning to pursue a proactive approach to ramp up the level of credit disbursement to the ...
Domestic banks focus on short-term borrowings to fund long-term loans has led to an increased interest rate risk on their ...
Investors in government securities from now on will receive interest for the period from the maturity date till the investments ...
ICICI Bank is set to become the first Indian entity to raise perpetual debt overseas.
The countrys second largest bank plans to ...
Tata-AIG Life Insurance today announced its foray into micro-insurance with the launch of three products.
It also opened five ...
Amid the hullabaloo over public sector banks (PSBs) raising their prime lending rates (PLRs), there was a sixth bank which raised ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has embarked on a unique project of educating and financially empowering the lot of farmers in two ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Saturday imposed a moratorium on Samata Sahakari Bank, restricting depositor withdrawals at Rs ...
Private insurer Tata-AIG today announced the launch of new products to tap the rural markets.The insurer entered the ...
Close on the heels of the finance ministry advising some public sector banks to keep in abeyance the hike in their prime lending ...
Three boards stick to PLR hikes; OBC rolls back home loan rate hike partly.
Punjab National Bank (PNB), which has been registering a steady growth in Kerala, plans to open seven more ATMs in the state this ...
Many foreign banks are doing a fine balancing act between maintaining statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and ensuring enough ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed promoters of the Kochi-based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) to bring down their stake to 10 ...
Standard & Poors (S&P) on Monday said the underwriting performance of Indias non-life insurance industry will continue ...
Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India (ECGC) plans to foray into full fledged factoring business by the current financial ...
With the demand for microfinance (MF) in the country expected to touch Rs 50,000 crore, experts have recommended financial ...
The board of Bank of Baroda today ratified the 50 basis points or 0.5% hike in its prime lending rate (PLR) announced last ...
The board of Andhra Bank today ratified a 50 basis point or 0.5% hike in its Prime Lending Rate.

The Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has rolled back an increase in interest rates on home loans below Rs 20 lakh.The bank ...
Boards of 3 banks meet today; deposit rates may go up too.
People over 55 have to pay agent's fee for getting medical insurance policy on doorstep.
The government will write off accumulated losses of Rs 4,109 crore of state-owned Indian Bank and United Bank of India.
The ...
In a surprise move, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Saturday imposed a moratorium on Samata Sahakari Bank, restricting ...
With the demand for microfinance (MF) in the country expected to touch Rs 50,000 crore, experts have recommended that financial ...
Dress code for Chartered Accountants soon
Foreign exchange reserves increased $675 million to $164.023 billion for the week ended July 28, according to the weekly ...
UTI Bank has raised $ 150 million via 15-year subordinated upper tier II bonds from the international market on Friday. ...
The Visakhapatnam zone of Andhra Bank, which covers Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts, is aiming to mobilise ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Financial Corporation (APSFC) has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Central Bank ...
Representatives from the Ministry of Finance, the Reserve Bank of India and public sector banks will meet on August 10 on the ...
Central Bank of India (CBI) proposes to raise Rs 700 crore tier-II capital by December this year.
The bank had raised tier-II ...
General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC), the only reinsurer in the country, on Friday said its net profit increased nearly ...
Smaller banks have raised concerns at big banks taking control of the new retail payments and settlement company National ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised concerns over companies keeping unhedged their foreign currency exposures accrued from ...
Immediately after Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy hiked the short-term policy rate on July 26, Finance Minister P ...
Rate hike kept in abeyance; boards in rush to hold meetings.

Concerned over banks' decision to raise interest rates, the government has asked public sector banks to take prior approval from ...
RBI kept in the dark about North Block move; banks' margins under pressure.
Shortly after Allahabad Bank got a new chairman & managing director Avinash Chandra Mahajan this month, its Agra operations ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company has reported 152 per cent rise in premium income in the first quarter of 2006-07 to Rs ...
The third biggest private sector bank, UTI Bank, today entered the credit card race, where ICICI Bank has gone way ahead of ...
Increase in rates since late 2005 brings sheen back on bank deposits.
Banks are witnessing a sharp drop in applications for retail loans following the steep rise in interest rates over the last few ...
In June, within hours of an interest rate hike by the European Central Bank (ECB) and the central banks of Thailand and Korea, ...
The third biggest private sector bank, UTI Bank, today entered the credit cards race, where ICICI Bank has gone way ahead of ...
Mauritius-based Helion Venture Partners today announced its foray into India with the launch of 140 million (about Rs 630 crore) ...
Global rating agency Fitch today upgraded the ratings on State Bank of India (SBI) and Export Import Bank of India (Exim banK), ...
Investors seem to have reposed their faith in mutual funds as their assets under management (AUM) rose by around Rs 22,966 crore ...
The Kotak group is planning to raise Rs 2,000 crore for a realty venture fund.
According to Uday Kotak, executive vice-chairman ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has embarked upon a unique project to educate and empower farmers in two talukas of Wardha district in ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has lined up massive overseas expansion plans in a bid to increase the share of its overseas business to ...
Andhra Bank registers lowest net NPAs at 0.07%.
The government is considering a combination of wider investor base and change in tenure of bonds available for investments to ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has increased the rate of interest on home loans by 50-100 basis points (0.5-1%).The new ...
Brics PCG recommends 'Buy' on Bank of Baroda at Rs 220 with a target price of Rs 270.The bank has posted better results ...
BRICs PCG recommends to 'Buy' on Bank of India (BOI) at Rs 111 with a target price of Rs 170.The bank has posted one of ...
SBI ups prime rate by 25 bps, HDFC by 50; others follow.
A C Mahajan has taken over as the chairman and managing director (CMD) of Allahabad Bank.
Wells Fargo, a leading financial services company of the US, is setting up an information technology and business process ...
BTS Investment Advisors, a private equity firm operating out of Switzerland and India, has floated a $80 million India fund to ...
Private sector banks may have to follow a mandated branch expansion policy in the North-Eastern states.This is one of the ...
ICICI Bank has teamed up with telecom services provider Bharti Airtel, fuel retailer Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) ...
Fitch Ratings has upgraded Indias long-term foreign and local currency rating to investment grade, taking note of fiscal ...
The Uttar Pradesh and Uttaranchal zone of the Union Bank of India has performed remarkably in the latest deposit scheme named ...
The deposit growth of 16 per cent in 2006-07 will be sufficient for commercial banks to comfortably sustain a credit growth of 25 ...
Fitch Ratings has upgraded the India's Long-term foreign and local currency rating to investment grade taking note of fiscal ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has announced a hike in PLR by 25bps to 11% effective Wednesday, August 2.SBI's floating ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said the tenure of the Rs 3,000 crore government bonds has been reduced to 10 years from the ...
ICICI Bank is not planning to hike lending rates now."ICICI does not have plans to raise rates as of now," Chanda ...
HDFC has hiked its prime leding rate (PLR) by 50 basis points (bps) with effect from today.HDFC has hiked both fixed ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today announced 0.5% hike in home loan rates and 0.25% increase in other lending ...
Vijaya Bank has launched a long-term deposit
scheme titled Vijaya platinum Jubilee term deposit.
Robust growth in income from advances helped UCO Bank to post a 36 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 61.50 crore for the first ...
The countrys fourth largest bank Punjab National Banks (PNB) net profit in the first quarter of 2005-06 increased by just 2.61 ...
IDBI Bank has forayed into carbon credit trading advisory services, probably the first Indian bank to tap into the big business ...
To place CAC report in public domain in due course.
Development Credit Bank (DCB), promoted by the Switzerland-based Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED), today reported ...
Mediclaim policy-holders will not only have to pay a higher premium but also bear a part of the claims if the Insurance ...
Punjab National Bank today reported a maringal rise in Q1 net profit for the quarter ended June 2006 at Rs 367.52 crore when ...
Double your money  the catch phrase which caught the nation's imagination in the nineties  is making a comeback.
UTI Bank will raise foreign currency-denominated hybrid capital of over Rs 900 crore in the second quarter (July-September 2006) ...
Allahabad Bank has reported 21.31 per cent fall in net profit for the first quarter of 2006-07 at Rs128 crore, as against Rs ...
IndusInd Bank reported 80.15 per cent fall in net profit in the first quarter of 2006-07 on sharp declines in income from ...
An increasing number of bank customers have started using the ATMs not only to replenish their wallets but also to recharge their ...
Corporation Bank of India today reported 16.8% rise in net profit at Rs 144.24 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2006 ...
Indusind Bank today reported a 80% decline in net profit at Rs 8.01 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2006 when compared ...
Oriental Bank of Commerces net profit for the first quarter ended June 30, 2006 rose 116 per cent to Rs 94.02 crore from Rs ...
Andhra Bank posted net profit of Rs 116.41 crore for the quarter ended June 30 2006, up 36.7 per cent compared with Rs 85.16 ...
The Jammu and Kashmir Bank today reported a 29 per cent jump in net profit in the quarter ended June 30, 2006, as it managed to ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has posted a marginal 4.07 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 163.32 crore for the quarter ended June 30, ...
The Left staged a walk out over a calling attention motion on the situation arising out of the RBI decision to allow outsourcing ...
Banking operations remained largely unaffected as the one-day strike today by three unions affiliated to Left parties hit working ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) lagged their private sector counterparts in the first quarter of 2006-07 with their combined net ...
The second Tarapore Committee on capital account convertibility is unlikely to aggressively push for the full float of the rupee ...
Bank of Baroda (BOB) has posted a 4% rise in net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 at Rs 163.32 crore when compared with ...
Banking services were affected today as employees of most of the public sector banks boycotted work to protest against ...
Lower treasury income and higher staff cost have pulled down the April-June quarter net profit of countrys largest commercial ...
Freed insurance tariffs to price in global disasters.
More than 175 customers dealing with 30 branches of Lucknow participated in the function titled PNB Monsoon Hungama today. ...
The one-day all-India strike called on July 28 is not likely to severely affect the working of most banks, since as many as six ...
The 83rd annual general meeting of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) today turned out to be a non-event as the contentious ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has posted 21.21 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 222.03 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, ...
The Manipal-based Syndicate Bank has registered 11 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 181 crore for the quarter-ended June 30, ...
Ethics body working on equitable compensation policy.
Syndicate Bank has posted an 11% rise in net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 (Q1FY07) at Rs 180.58 crore when compared ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised the ceiling of investments that can be made by registered domestic mutual funds in ...
State Bank of India (SBI) and its associates, Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) will not participate in ...
Indian Overseas Bank today reported a 21% increase in net profit at Rs 222.04 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2006 ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is awaiting Parliament's approval for merging Bharat Overseas Bank (BhOB) with the bank.
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) has registered 8.96 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 50.90 crore at the end of the first quarter ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has recorded net profit of Rs 53.86 crore during the three-month period ended June 2006, up 13.12 ...
Canara Bank is exploring every option for increasing its overseas presence, primarily in South East Asia.
M B N Rao, chairman and ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of Indias (LIC) new premium income in the first quarter of 2006-07 increased more than 245 per ...
Deutsche Bank today launched a suite of credit cards in India, the German banks first credit card launch in Asia.
Bank of India (BoI) has posted a 21.5 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 208.73 crore for the first quarter ended June 2006 as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said banks have over Rs 1,57,000 crore headroom in the form of excess statutory liquidity ...
Members of the Industrial Development Bank of India Employees Association (IDBIEA) will observe one-day country-wide strike on ...
HSBC has announced the launch of a 'Spirit of Mumbai initiative' following the bomb blasts in Mumbai on July 11, 2006, under ...
Deutsche Bank has launched a full suite of credit cards in India.
According to an official release issued today, the ...
Crisil has downgraded the ratings of Fenner India's fixed deposit (FD) programme to FAA minus/Stable from FAA and commercial ...
Rajendra Kakker has joined Reliance Asset Reconstruction Company, a part of the Reliance Capital Group, as president. ...
Bank of India (BoI) today reported a 21.53% increase in net profit at Rs 208.73 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2006 ...
Reverse repo rate hiked 25 bps; India Inc says expansion plans may take a knock.
The monetary tightening is a pre-emptive measure aimed at checking excessive growth in credit and rising prices.
The economy is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy, for a change, decided not to surprise the markets and went with the general ...
Bank stocks bounced back after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) hiked its short term policy rate by 25 basis points.
Most of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) decision to hike its short-term signalling rate led to a knee-jerk reaction in the government ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today cautioned that the possibility of downside risks for the economy materialising in the ...
Bank lending to the commercial sector in the first quarter of 2006-07 is the highest in the last five years.
The quarter has also ...
India Inc is not happy with the rate hike as it will impact corporate expansion plans.
A cross section of the senior ...
Home loan rates may go up by about 25-50 basis points following the rise in the reverse repos rate of 25 basis points announced ...
Gulbarga district in Karnataka (with State Bank of India as the lead bank) has been selected for 100 per cent financial inclusion ...
Responding to the promise demonstrated by industries in Indias smaller cities, International Finance Corporation (IFC)- the ...
Auto components and sub-assembly manufacturer RSB Group announced on Wednesday that it received investments worth $7.7 million ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today hiked reverse repo and repo rates by 25 basis points to 6% and 7%, respectively.The ...
Immediately after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) hiked key short term interest rates by 0.25%today, LIC Housing Finance announced ...
Commenting on the 25 basis points hike in repo and reverse repo rates by the Reserve Bank in the Credit Policy Review today, Rana ...
Commenting on the 25 basis points hike in repo and reverse repo rates by the Reserve Bank in the Credit Policy Review today, ...
Yes Bank today reported a 50% increase in net profit at Rs 16.88 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 when compared with Rs ...
Bond yields rose on Tuesday after the central bank raised its key short-term interest rates  by 25 basis points.The ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it would accord highest priority to contain inflation within 5-5.5% while keeping its ...
Reserve Bank Governor Y V Reddy today said the central bank will continue to ensure that appropriate liquidity was maintained in ...
Reserve Bank governor Y V Reddy cautioned against emerging risks such as the incomplete catch up of domestic petroleum and oil ...
Dr. Y.
Venugopal Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today presented the First Quarter Review of Annual Statement on ...

The Reserve Bank of India today left the cash reserve ratio (CRR) and Bank rate unchanged at 5% and 6%, respectively in the ...
An overwhelming majority of bankers and fund managers expect the Reserve Bank of India to hike the short-term reverse repo rate ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y V Reddy will announce its quarterly monetary credit policy review at 1200 hrs ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) latest industry outlook survey, released today as a part of the central banks first-quarter ...
The Ind Bank Housing Ltd (IBHL), a subsidiary of Indian Bank, is in the process of auctioning 13 flats measuring 18,000 sq ft, ...
After signing an MoU with SIDBI, the Union Bank of India is all set to lend Rs 800 crore to small scale industries (SSIs) and ...
With 166 branches in Gujarat, Union Bank of Indias business has posted a growth of Rs 400 crore (7.14%) in the first quarter of ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has sought approval from the finance ministry for its proposed rights issue.
Deutsche Bank has reported 63.29 per cent increase in net profit in 2005-06 from its Indian operations to Rs 125.9 crore from Rs ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) reported 11.95 per cent increase in net profit in the first quarter of 2006-07 ...
Dena Bank has reported a net profit of Rs 18.49 crore in the first quarter ended June 30, 2006, as against a loss of Rs 189.30 ...
United Bank of India has recorded a 10.79 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 70.35 crore for the quarter ended June 2006.
United Bank of India will submit its proposal for capital restructuring to the Union government and the Reserve Bank of India ...
An overwhelming majority of bankers and fund managers expect the Reserve Bank of India to hike the short-term reverse repo rate ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) attempts at cooling the credit market are refusing to bear fruit.
The growth in bank credit to ...
Deutsche Bank has reported a 63.29% increase in its Indian operations' FY06 net profit at Rs 125.9 crore when compared with ...
Union Bank of India is all set to lend Rs 800 crore to small scale industries (SSIs) and small and medium entreprises (SMEs) in ...
United Bank of India has urged the central government to convert Rs 1,200 crore equity share capital into preference shares in ...
The rupee remained under pressure today and fell sharply by 13 paise against the US currency in late morning deals amidst fairly ...
The Reserve Bank of India may announce a time-table for a phased cut in banks cash reserve ratio (CRR), from the existing 5 per ...
IRDA removes 20% band on premiums.
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank, has registered 47.25 per cent rise in its agricultural credit to touch Rs 2,468 crore in Q1 FY 07, ...
Bank of Maharashtra has recorded 35.17 per cent rise in its net profit for the quarter April-June 2006 as the net profit for the ...
Federal Bank has earned a net profit of Rs 40.18 crore during Q1 of current financial year, down by 17.46 per cent than the same ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank has posted 163.53 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 72.63 crore for the first quarter ended June ...
SBI Life will enter the micro-insurance segment this year and infuse a capital of Rs 100 crore to increase its paid-up capital to ...
The RBI may indicate continuation of its stance of hardening interest rates, in line with the global trends.
It is not necessary ...
Exim Bank of India has picked up 10 per cent stake in Consolidated Coffee Inc, a special purpose vehicle (SPV) set up by Tata ...
Credit growth is not showing signs of relenting.
ICICI Bank has posted 17 per cent hike in net profit at Rs 620 crore for the first quarter ended June 2006, as against Rs 530 ...
Ahead of the Reserve Bank's policy review on Tuesday, bankers anticipate a 0.25% hike in short term interest rates by the RBI as ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank has posted 163.53% increase in its net profit to Rs 72.63 crore for the quarter ended June 30, i.e. ...
Kalpana Morparia, joint managing director of ICICI Bank, today said an overall hardening of interest rates was very much possible ...
ICICI Bank today reported a 17% increase in net profit at Rs 620.01 crore in Q1FY07 as against Rs 530.01 crore in Q1FY06. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed commercial banks to raise capital funds through issue of foreign currency debt ...
Ending more than a months speculation, ICICI Bank has fixed the price of its equity stake at Rs 507 a share to sell its 7 per ...
Citibank India has maintained its second position among foreign banks in terms of profitability, as it today reported a 17.58 per ...
Export-Import Bank of India is set to more than double its total resource base by raising $800 million overseas and Rs 6,000 ...
SBI Capital Markets, State Bank of Indias investment banking subsidiary, plans to float a venture capital company  SBI Capital ...
Union Bank of India has withdrawn the discretion vested with its regional managers to grant 1 percentage point interest rate ...
Exim Bank is set to more than double its total reserves by raising $800 million from abroad and Rs 6,000 crore from domestic ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank plans to double its lending to small and medium enterprises (SME) to Rs 1,190 crore during the current ...
The synergy created by the amalgamation of the Cauvery Grameena Bank (CGB) and the Kalpatharu Grameena Bank (KGB) has helped ...
The Union Bank of India will open 10 new branches in the Thiruvananthapuram region during this financial year.
Of the proposed ...
Canara Bank plans to include 1,400 villages across India for 100 per cent financial inclusion.
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported 21 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 23.91 crore in the first quarter of 2006-07 from Rs 19.68 ...
Canara Bank has posted 2.13 per cent increase in its net profit to Rs 191 crore for the first quarter (Q1) ended June 30 as ...
Union Bank of India, a mid-sized government-owned bank, today reported 30.60 per cent fall in net profit in the first quarter of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the government are engaged in hectic parleys on whether to go ahead with the next auction of ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has proposed to buy 51 per cent stake in each of the Kotak groups four overseas companies and in one Indian ...
Punjab & Sind Bank (PSB), one of the few banks still wholly owned by the government, is shunning long term lending because of ...
In a first of its initiative in Gujarat, Bank of India has launched a new scheme providing gold as loan to goldsmiths and ...
FM to take stock of CEOs' performance today.
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 125% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 104.43 crore for the first quarter ended June ...
Union Bank of India today reported a 31% decline in net profit at Rs 166.81 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 when ...
Canara Bank today posted a 2% increase in net profit at Rs 190.93 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2006 when compared ...
UCO Bank launched small enterprise and retail sales force in Gujarat on Wednesday.
The sales force will market banks deposit ...
A month after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cancelled the banking licence of the Shriram Co-operative Bank (SCBL), the state ...
FIIs will have to wait till certain legal hassles are removed.
Standard Chartered Bank today launched a credit card, offering life-time 5 per cent cash back on all fuel purchases and payment ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) today reported a 38.7 per cent year on year increase in its net profit in the ...
A sharp rise in interest rates in the international money markets has led to a mad rush of small and medium enterprises (SME) in ...
Over 800 employees of the erstwhile IDBI Bank, now a part of the Industrial Development Bank of India, have left the organisation ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has posted a 39% jump in net profit at Rs 150.57 crore for the quarter ended June 30, ...
The spot rupee dropped to a 3-year low of 47 per dollar in early noon deals today.
As part of its organisational restructuring, Canara Bank will revamp its eight regional offices in Tamil Nadu and change them ...
Indian Bank is aiming to sell 500 kg of gold through its branch network this fiscal.
In March 2006, the bank launched a new ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is holding a workshop here this month on the proposed model money lending legislation.
RBI ...
UCO Bank has announced the opening of two mid-corporate branches at MG Road, Secunderabad, and Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, to cater ...
Commercial banks will provide Rs 1,080 crore line of credit to create Rs 4,761 crore tea fund being set up by the Tea Board.

Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), the leading mortgage lender, today reported a 20 per cent rise in net profit in ...
Citibank has decided to conduct its primary dealer (PD) business with the bank and not keep it as part of its loss-making ...
Standard Chartered Bank (StanChart) will acquire the 26 per cent stake held by UTI Securities in its primary dealership ...
Home loan provider raised its PLR by 50 bps to 11.75% in May.
Bank of India (BoI) is planning to raise Rs 1,500 crore as a combination of tier-2 and upper tier-2 capital in the next one year. ...
The spot rupee, which had dropped to 46.82 per dollar in early morning deals today, had moved up to 46.75 per dollar in noon ...
Iffco-Tokio General Insurance Co Ltd (ITGI), a player in general insurance, received overwhelming response for its ...
Andhra Bank will open three more branches in Kerala in the current financial year, taking its branch network in the state to 23. ...
Union Bank of India plans to lend to the small and medium enterprises (SME) segment in a big way to increase its share in total ...
The countrys four public sector general insurance companies have decided to extend the system outsourcing of claims settlement ...
Feels project implementation delay may mar financials.
Foreign exchange dealers and senior bankers expect the rupee to pierce the 47 level if the banking regulator, the Reserve Bank of ...
The spot rupee dropped to a 37-month low of 46.58 per dollar in afternoon deals today.
To cash in on the growing demand for analytic services, credit rating agency ICRA is planning to expand its BPO operations and ...
Reliance General Insurance, a Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani group company, has, in the first quarter of 2006-07, grown at a ...
SBI chief O P Bhatt, who took over as chairman earlier this month, has set a net profit target of Rs 9,000 crore by March ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed a leading internet-based financial services provider to stop operating electronic ...

The acquisition of non-deposit taking non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) by foreign entities has come under the scanner of the ...
SBI chief O P Bhatt who assumed the office of chairman earlier this month, has set a net profit target of Rs 9,000 crore by March ...
India Inc may lose its appetite for Japanese yen borrowings as the cost advantage vis-a-vis dollar loans will substantially ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will meet the chiefs of public sector banks on July 21 to take a closer look at the performance of ...
ING Vysya Bank has announced the unaudited results for the first quarter ended June 30.
The bank has posted a net profit of Rs ...
HDFC Bank, the countrys second largest private sector bank, today reported a 30 per cent rise in its net profit in the first ...
HDFC Bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at Rs 239.30 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2006 when compared ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said there is no change in its stance on inflation, which it has projected to be 5-5.5% ...
Bank of Japan (BoJ) raised interest rate for the first time in almost six years as a decade-long bout of deflation ended, and the ...
The Centre should take immediate measures to fill the vacancies in the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), said K. ...
The four public sector general insurance companies -- United India, New India Assurance, Oriental Insurance and National ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has launched an On-line Business Centre at the banks Lucknow head office.
The business centre will ...
ICICI Bank is now incubating Financial Information Network & Operations (FINO), a technology backbone company for grassroots ...
UTI Bank, a mid-sized private sector bank, today reported 30 per cent rise in net profit in the first quarter of 2006-07 to Rs ...
The increased threat of terror attacks over the last few years has seen companies increasingly seeking terrorism benefits cover ...
IBA team urges RBI to rein in volatile rate regime.
Pune-based the Cosmos Co-operative Bank eyes seven cooperative banks for merger including five from Gujarat.
The bank received 15 ...
UTI Bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at Rs 120.55 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2006 when compared ...
The government will go ahead with its plan to divest 5-15 per cent equity in three public sector banks this fiscal, ...
General insurers were unable to reinsure marine hull risks underwritten last year as cut-throat competition after lifting of ...
Global situation and internal market conditions not conducive for hike, say bankers.
The financial year 2005-06, when the retail lending boom peaked, has turned out to be a very remunerative one for the CEOs of ...
The local division of the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India here claims to have got the first position in the country ...
Exim Bank has offered marketing assistance in international market to SMEs based in Gujarat.

After a wait of two and a half years around 500 depositors of Maharashtra Brahmin Cooperative Bank got back their money on ...
Forex market
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), Federal Bank and the Netherlands-based Fortis Insurance International today signed a ...
The top brass of State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, will converge at Agra tomorrow for a two-day ...
The income-tax department plans to conduct compulsory assessment of returns filed by all real estate developers and corporate and ...
A sharp fall in credit growth amid rising interest rates would be the key discussion point when chiefs of some commercial banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today sought to calm rising interest rate concerns by fixing the cut-off at the auction of ...
SBI Life Insurance has embarked on a major expansion drive in Kerala
.
Rabo India Finance (RIF), the 100 per cent subsidiary of Rabobank International, has restructured its investment banking ...
India is emerging as one of the most preferred private banking destinations at a time when the global private banking and wealth ...
The memorandum of understanding between IDBI, Fortis and Federal Bank for the joint venture life insurance business was signed ...
The State Bank of India will not scout for fresh overseas acquisitions for the time being.

Andhra Bank conducted an awareness programme about the ombudsman scheme here on Saturday.

South Indian Bank (SIB) has raised the interest rate for NRE rupee accounts with effect from July 1, 2006.
For various term ...
Sundaram BNP Paribas Mutual has tied up with Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) for distribution of mutual fund products ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) declared a dividend of 18 percent for 2005-06 at its 78th annual general meeting held at Thrissur today. ...
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services has signed an agreement with Maruti Udyog to provide retail financing for Maruti ...
The recently concluded transfer pricing assessment by income tax authorities for assessment year 2003-04 has resulted in an ...
AllBank Finance Ltd, the non-banking finance subsidiary of Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank, will be starting its merchant banking ...
Corporation Bank plans to focus now on financial inclusion in more than 100 villages of Gujarat in the light of the Reserve Bank ...
Bank of India will raise Rs 1,600 crore comprising upper Tier-II subordinate debt and lower Tier-I in the current financial year, ...
ICICI Bank, the largest originator of securitised assets, made a net gain of Rs 403.24 crore by selling loans through ...
The Indian operations of three foreign banks  The Bank of Nova Scotia, Calyon Bank and Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank  have clawed ...
The Bengal circle of State Bank of India has firmed up plans to turn around its loss making branches in the state.
GE Money, the consumer finance arm of General Electric Company, today announced an increase of its benchmark floating reference ...
This year, the Oriental Bank of Commerce plans to concentrate on its small-and-medium-enterprises loan portfolio because the ...
A fixed or recurring deposit with the post office could soon require you to pay tax on the interest earned.

A week after taking over as Chairman of State Bank of India (SBI), Om Prakash Bhatt has reshuffled the portfolios of the top ...
Two and three-wheeler major Bajaj Auto today bought an additional 1.42 per cent stake in ICICI Bank for Rs 633.05 crore, raising ...
Max New York Life (MNYL) has set a target of more than doubling its new business premium income in the current financial year to ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is in the final stage of formulating the accounting standard for financial ...
State Bank of India is banking big on the farm sector.
It has entered into as many as 275 corporate alliances which helped it ...
ICICI Bank, last week, sold 5.37 per cent stake in 3i Infotech (formerly ICICI Infotech) to the Life Insurance Corporation of ...
Waiver of crop loans by the new government in Tamil Nadu has landed the cooperative banks in a fix.

Bank of India (BoI) is integrating social responsibility into its core business of banking.
It has launched a pilot project ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) fears that the unbridled disbursements of retail loans could result in higher levels of ...
PERSONAL FINANCE: Insurance firms line up new ULIPs to comply with new guidelines.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today slashed the size of the government bond auction scheduled to be held on July 11.A ...
The ministry of finance has called for a meeting of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Securities & Exchange Board of India ...
Mangalore-based public sector Corporation Bank has revised the rate of interest on NRE deposits with effect from July 1, 2006.

Andhra Bank has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the International Institute of Information Technology, Hyderabad, ...
ICICI Bank is significantly moving ahead with its rural networking plan.
Nachiket Mor, executive director, said, There is ...
Rating agency Icra plans to ramp up operations of its business process outsourcing (BPO) unit in Kolkata to tap the growing ...
Oriental Insurance Company has retained National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) as its client.
It has renewed the insurance ...
A high-level delegation of officials from the ministry of finance, Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) and Securities and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today permitted primary dealers (PDs)in government securities to diversify into other activities ...
Just one tax measure - the banking cash transaction tax (BCTT) - has unearthed concealed income worth Rs 3,600 crore in Delhi. ...
The commerce ministry has proposed to permit wholly owned subsidiaries of foreign banks to increase the number of their branches ...
Insurance claims have started trickling in even as Mumbai has been reeling under incessant rains for the past five days.

Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) will come out with a plan in the next 2-3 weeks to unlock the value of its ...
Sequoia Capital India, a venture capital firm, is raising $400 million from global investors.

The new State Bank India Chairman Om Prakash Bhatt has said there is no upward pressure on interest rates as of now in the wake ...
The income tax department has issued penalty notices to former employees of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Hongkong and ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has hiked the interest rates on domestic term deposits and non-resident ordinary term deposits ...
The Karnataka Vikasa Grameena Bank (KVGB), covering nine districts in north and coastal Karnataka, has decided to cut the ...
Vijaya Bank conducted its first adalat in coastal Andhra here recently for small farmers, artisans and urban middle and lower ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) of the Visakhapatnam region, which has branches in five coastal districts from Srikakulam to West ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) has decided to form a working group to examine the existing ...
Private insurance companies are leaving no stones unturned to compete with their public sector counterparts.

Move to ward off impact of higher rates on balance sheets.
United India Insurance Company has temporarily withdrawn its decision to discontinue its bank accounts with public and private ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has suggested the introduction of a separate business banking code of services for lending to ...
Yes Bank, the youngest private sector bank, would launch a private equity fund for the food and agri businesses.
Sonal Shah has ...
State Bank of India (SBI) would strive to regain its lost market share in two years, Chairman O P Bhatt said on his first day in ...
Companies raise $12.77 bn, up 63% in the first half.
Corporation Bank will foray into credit card business shortly.
Speaking on the sidelines of the Banking Conclave organised by ...
C S Rao, chairman, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda), has indicated that there could be a cause for ...
Indian Bank has set a target of recovering another Rs 500 crore non-performing assets (NPAs) in the current financial year, after ...
Oriental Insurance Company (OIC) renewed Shipping Corporation of Indias (SCI) entire fleet for 2006-07 for a premium of Rs 17.88 ...
Bangalore-based Canara Bank has seen its global business cross the Rs 2 lakh crore mark.

State Bank of India expects 30 per cent growth in forex turnover in Gujarat in the current financial year and estimated that it ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said as per current indications it was still possible to contain inflation within the 5 to ...
The country's largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI) will strive to regain its lost market share over the next 2 years, its ...
Deficit in 2005-06 nearly doubled to $10.61 bn, yet remained sharply lower than estimates.
Union Bank of India has increased its interest rate on loans to retail traders by 25-50 basis points with effect from July 1, ...
The countrys largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI), has decided to wait till the July 25 review of monetary policy by the ...
Market presages 25-basis point hike.
Om Prakash Bhatt, present MD of State Bank of Travancore, has been appointed as the new chairman of SBI.Bhatt will occupy ...
State Bank of India (SBI), has decided to wait till the July 25 review of monetary policy by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for ...
World Bank resumed financing the Mumbai Urban Transport Project (MUTP) on Thursday lifting the suspension imposed in March. ...
The Federal Reserve Ben Beranke raised benchmark rates by 25 basis points yesterday.This the 17th straight hike, thus the ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy has defended the central banks practice of not providing forward guidance on inflation ...
The lifting of controls on insurance premium for fire, engineering and motor risks with effect from January 2007 is likely to ...
Private life insurance player Kotak Life is targeting a first premium income of Rs 175 crore in 2006-07 as it plans to expand its ...
Commercial banks disbursed Rs 1,16,370 crore loans to the agriculture sector in 2005-06, up 33 per cent compared with the target ...
Barclays India nearly doubled its net profit to Rs 120 crore in 2005-06 from Rs 62.5 crore a year earlier on the back of a strong ...
National Housing Bank (NHB) is likely to launch reverse mortgage in the current financial year to meet the financial needs of ...
Azim Premji, chairman of the $1.76-billion Wipro, and Kumar Mangalam Birla, head of the Aditya Birla group, have been nominated ...
The consumer is indeed the king  even in the banking sector.
Your bankers may now have to compensate you for any losses incurred ...
Barclays India has nearly doubled its net profit for the financial year ended March 2006, with strong growth in key business ...
Azim Premji, chairman of Wipro, and Kumar Mangalam Birla, head of the A V Birla group, have been nominated as members of the ...
Commercial banks disbursed loans of Rs 1,16,370 crore to the agriculture sector in FY06, 33% more than the target set by the ...
The Union Bank of India aims to introduce each Indian household to the process of banking through a scheme under which members of ...
National Insurance Company Ltd is targeting rural banks to expand its business in Uttaranchal and Western Uttar Pradesh and ...
Bank stocks have declined 28 per cent from their peak level about a month ago, in line with the market meltdown.
Over the past ...
The Mysore division of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is all set for a repeat of its top performance.
The division ...
Purchase of items in excess of two-and-half times the income filed under annual information return (AIR) may become one of the ...
The Canara Bank Staff Union affiliated to the Bank Employees Federation of India affiliated to CPM, has decided to go an all ...
Kochi-based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) has posted a net profit of Rs 3.68 crore in 2005-06. The bank had registered a net loss of Rs ...
The premium of health insurance taken by corporates for their employees is expected to go up with the proposed detariffing (to ...
Down 10 basis points to 3.14 per cent in 2005-06.
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB) has hiked its interest rates on deposits by 0.5 per cent
to one per cent.

In the latest case of breach of security at a back office in India, close to #233,000 (approximately Rs 1.8 crore) appears to ...
A consortium of 20 banks today committed a 14-year term loan of Rs 6,387 crore for a 6 MMTPA greenfield refinery proposed by ...
Raising concern over poor deposit growth in the banking sector, state bankers today pegged the annual credit plan, for the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked commercial and cooperative banks to submit status reports on implementation of core ...
A reduction in governments scheduled borrowing of Rs 10,000 crore due July 3-11 is unlikely despite the bearish sentiment in the ...
FOMC expected to clear 25 bps hike at today's meeting.
Core banking solution providers have a reason to smile.
Inspite of a fire gutting its Ashram road branch, Punjab National Bank ...
A consortium of 20 banks today committed a 14-year term loan of Rs 6,387 crore for a 6 MMTPA greenfield refinery proposed by ...
Global rating agency, Standard & Poor's (S&P) today said banking systems in India and other Asian countries face ...
The Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS) is investing Swiss francs 50 million ($40 million)in the UBS India Service Centre in ...
Federal Bank will be the third partner in the life insurance joint venture of IDBI Bank and Belgian-Dutch bancassurance group ...
Senior Punjab National Bank (PNB) officer S P Singh has taken over as Kerala zonal manger of the bank.
The Thiruvananthapuram-based State Bank of Travancore (SBT) unveiled depository services at its main branch here.
K Sitaramam, ...
The South Indian Bank (SIB) is in serious talks with Franklin Templeton, Reliance Mutual Fund and Sundaram Mutual Fund with a ...
National Insurance Company plans to launch three new health insurance products this fiscal to strengthen its position in the ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) will do away with the distinction between development banking unit (DBU) and ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has decided to withdraw two unit-linked insurance plans (ULIPs) - Future Plus and ...
The upward pressure on inflation is likely to persist owing to the cascading effect of auto fuel price hikes, which could force ...
The frenzied pace of growth in home loans disbursed by commercial banks may slow down with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poors (S&P) said banking systems in India and other Asian countries faced medium-to-high ...
Bank of Maharashtra is targeting 25 per cent growth in business to Rs 55,000 crore during 2006-07.
Outcome of the Fed meeting and size of the auction to be announced by the RBI are crucial; The spot rupee is likely to rule in ...
Bond prices at the longer end crashed by over Re 1 today, and the yield on the 10-year benchmark government securities touched ...
Non-payment of interest on banks cash balance kept with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the form of cash reserve ratio (CRR) ...
Iffco-Tokio General Insurance Co Ltd (ITGI) has announced its financial results for the year ended March 31, 2006.

Oriental Bank of Commerce is exploring the option of foraying into life insurance business.
Speaking on the sidelines of the ...
Insurance companies seem to be giving a lukewarm response to the recent stipulation, which allows them to invest in hybrid ...
The asset base of the public sector banks has increased by 13.78 per cent (Rs 2,28,940 crore) to Rs 18,907,61 crore in 2005-06.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net sellers of Rs 202.60 crore on Thursday June 22, according to data released by ...
K N Prithviraj, chairman and manging director of Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), today said the bank is keen to enter the life ...
10-year gilt yield crosses 8% after four years; bond market jittery about rate hike by RBI.

The City Union Bank is planning to open 25 new branches during the year.

Union Bank of India is likely to raise the lending rates for home loans and trade finance by up to 50 basis points and also ...
Former chairman of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) N Rangachary has called for focused efforts on the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has clamped down on utilisation of floating provisions by banks to boost profits.

Financial Intelligence Unit-India (FIU), an agency responsible for maintaining data to combat money laundering , has asked ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) today launched a unit linked gratuity plan and aims to earn Rs 1,000 crore of ...
Major business ratios of public sector banks declined during the financial year ended March 2006 as their operating income and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has clamped down on utilisation of floating provisions by banks to boost profits.In a ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net buyers of Rs 91.60 crore on Wednesday June 21, according to data released by Sebi ...
PERSONAL FINANCE: Life insurance firms offer cover wrapped up in attractive long-term saving plans.
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) expects credit expansion to begin soon as corporates are likely to draw against ...
HDFC Bank today launched a service that allows non-resident Indians (NRIs) to send remittances online through the Reserve Bank of ...
Seeks licence for opening offices in Saudi and Oman.
PSU filed claims for more than $300 million last year.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net sellers of Rs 199.60 crore on Tuesday June 20, according to data released by Sebi ...
HDFC Bank today launched a service that allows non-resident Indians (NRIs) to send remittances online through the Reserve Bank of ...
Barclays International Retail and Commercial Banking today appointed Samir Bhatia to head its commercial banking business in ...
Chanda Kochhar, deputy managing director of ICICI Bank, today said that there is no issue with liquidity, and corporates are also ...
With liquidity position in the system comfortable, credit growth is expected to pick up soon, V P Shetty, chairman and managing ...
The Vijayawada circle of Indian Bank, covering Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts, is targeting Rs 120 crore deposits and Rs ...
The world's largest financial services company Citigroup and its affiliates have scaled up their stake in Indian internet and ...
Ananthakrishna, chairman, Karnataka Bank Limited, who will be completing six years in office on July 13, 2006 has been given an ...
The countrys second largest general insurer Oriental Insurance Company today said its net profit for the year ended March 2006 ...
To tap the non-resident remittances from West Asian countries, Corporation Bank has acquired an Oman-based foreign exchange ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has no immediate plans of hiking the benchmark prime lending rate (PLR).
The segment will cover half of the bank's advances in 3 years.
Corporation Bank has acquired an Oman-based foreign exchange firm, in order to tap non-resident remittances from west Asian ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has no immediate plans to hike its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR)."SBI is not hiking the ...
HDFC Bank has entered the Limca Book of Records for opening 14 branches in a single day in New Delhi.
The branches were opened in ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net buyers of Rs 21.90 crore on Monday June 19, according to data released by Sebi ...
Oriental Insurance has registered a 14.1% drop in net profit at Rs 283.91 crore in FY06 when compared with Rs 330.52 crore in ...
Non-banking finance company Magma Leasing Ltd will disburse retail loans of Rs 125 crore from its Chandigarh unit in 2007.
As banks move from a loans-and-deposits model to 'financial super-markets', the Rs 1,500 crore banking solutions company, i-flex ...
Private players grew faster to corner more than one-third of the market and push the general insurance industry growth rate to ...
The market for securitised loans is expected to get a boost with securitisation instruments issued being cleared for recognition ...
The Central Bank of India is hoping that the Banking Regulation Act would be amended soon to help float its maiden public ...
The home loan business remains hot, despite attempts by RBI to curb the credit flow to this business by driving up interest ...
The exuberant real estate market would see Housing Development Finance Corporations (HDFC) real estate venture capital arm ...
Private sector life insurance companies will see an additional capital infusion of over Rs 1,500 crore in 2006-07. The 14 private ...
Deepali Pant Joshi, banking ombudsman of Andhra Pradesh, is eager to reach out to people who have a grievance against banks in ...
Tata AIG has posted a 77% increase in its total premium income at Rs 880 crore for FY06 as against Rs 497 crore in FY05 while its ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net buyers of Rs 659 crore on Friday, June 16, according to data released by Sebi ...
HDFC Venture Capital is launching a $750 million fund on a private placement basis for international investors, HDFC said in its ...
The public sector banking industry nearly doubled its exposure to sensitive sectors like real estate and capital markets in the ...
On an average, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been sucking out in excess of Rs 50,000 crore from the banking system through ...
The Bank of Baroda (BoB) has launched its new retail loan delivery model, called the urban retail loan factory here.

Tata Motorfinance (TMF), the product finance subsidiary of Tata Motors, has begun disbursement of car loans to the customers of ...
Gilt auction and Asian currency movement versus the greenback are crucial for the market; The spot rupee is likely to rule in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today increased the size of the government bond auction scheduled for June 22 to suck out excess ...
The profile of fraud risks that commercial banks are prone to has undergone a sea change.
Banks now have to grapple with ...
HDFC Bank today hiked its prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points to 11.50 per cent with effect from June 14.
Urge RBI not to factor NBFC arm's network for new licences
HDFC Bank today hiked its prime lending rate (PLR) by 50 basis points to 11.50% with effect from June 14.The second ...
The decision to outsource the Reserve Bank of India's core functions has met with strong opposition from the bank's employees and ...
Passenger vehicle sales in the short-term could be dented if banks emulate ICICI Bank and raise interest rates on automobile ...
The scheme, launched by the State Bank of India, in the city, offers a cash back incentive up to 6 percent to its ATM card ...
To encourage the use of plastic money in two tier towns, State Bank of India has rolled out Cash Back Programme in selected ...
Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) would decide on the fate of HDFC Chubb General Insurance company, a joint venture with ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today formally signed a pact with HDFC Standard Life to market the private life insurance companys ...
Banks have turned out to be the best class of traders on the Indian secondary market, sticking strictly to the sell at the peaks ...
Private insurers take the lead in covering clinical trials.
State Bank of Mysore (SBM), the associate bank of State Bank of India (SBI), hopes to tap the capital market with its initial ...
M Damodaran, chairman of Sebi, today said there will have to be greater involvement of mutual funds' trustees of in the conduct ...
M Damodaran, chairman of Sebi, today said guidelines for real estate mutual funds would be out next week and the much-awaited ...
Punjab National Bank has posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 1532.17 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 as compared to Rs ...
The West Bengal State Co-operative Bank (WBSCB), would be aiming for increased lending exposure to agriculture and other priority ...
Banks and post offices, which have not deducted tax at source on interest income paid on Senior Citizens Savings Scheme, will ...
Kolkata-based Uco Bank is planning to hit the market with its second upper tier II bond issue by next week to shore up its ...
Bank of America today reported 80 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit from its Indian operations in 2005-06 at Rs 144.6 ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB), the countrys fourth largest lender, today ruled out any immediate hike in retail lending rates, including ...
The experience of the last monsoon  especially in Mumbai and some other parts of Maharashtra and parts of Gujarat  has taught ...
Bank of Baroda has ruled out immediately raising lending rates, including home loans, but is looking to hike corporate loan ...
In a judgment that could have widespread impact on India Inc, the Mumbai Income Tax Tribunal has ruled that loans and advances ...
As part of its plan to increase its premium income from Nashik region to Rs 16 crore in 2006-07, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance is ...
Controversy over the claims of 30,000 depositors of Maharashtra Brahmin Sahakari Bank (MBSB) has taken a new twist.

Mumbaikars have more risk appetite than counterparts in Delhi, Bangalore.
The Principal Group is all set to launch life insurance products by October this year.

IndusInd Bank today reported a loss of Rs 62.40 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2004 as against net profit of Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India today liberalised branch licensing policy for regional rural banks (RRBs).
Foreign currency funds and CDs are preferred avenues.
Andhra Bank and HMT Tractors Limited entered into a memorandum of understanding here on Tuesday to increase the banks tractor ...
Malcolm Wagget, chief operating officer (COO), global resourcing - South India, HSBC, met chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy ...
According to today's ongoing Business Standard opinion poll, initial public offerings (IPOs) are no longer a good investment bet. ...
IndusInd Bank has posted an 82% drop in net profit at Rs 36.82 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when compared with Rs ...
Tata Motorfinance (TMF), the auto-finance division of Tata Motors, plans to tap the rural and urban markets with loans to attract ...
The swap transactions involving conversion of fixed rate liabilities into floating rate foreign currency liabilities have not ...
Dhanalakshmi Bank is planning to float a follow-on public offer for equity shares and a perpetual bond issue to shore up its ...
The industrial output in April, which grew an impressive 9.5 per cent, has strengthened fears that the Reserve Bank of India ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has registered 64 per cent growth in weighted new business premium in the financial year ended ...
Iffco Tokio General Insurance company (ITGI) is aiming to increase premium income from its retail business to 65 per cent of the ...
Tata AIG General Insurance Company has posted a net profit of Rs 13.6 crore for 2005-06 compared with Rs 12.2 crore for 2004-05 ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance will double its number of branches in Gujarat.
The insurance arm of ICICI has decided to mark its ...
ICICI Prudential registered a 64 per cent growth in weighted new business premium in the financial year ended March 31, 2006, ...
The Vijayawada region of Vijaya Bank, through its nine rural branches, 14 semi-urban branches and 16 urban branches, would ...
The Thanjavur division of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is targeting to sell 4.08 lakh policies, thus eyeing a net ...
A special campaign for mobilisation of low-cost deposits, retail business, ATM/debit cards etc was launched by Kalpana ...
India is likely to see a significant fillip in Japanese investment in the near future.According to an India Brand Equity ...
ICICI Bank has registered a consolidated net profit of Rs 2,420 crore in FY06, as per Indian GAAP data.
The ...
Banks will have to mark to market their losses incurred in swap transactions involving conversion of fixed-rate rupee liabilities ...
Equity market, global oil prices and inflation are key drivers; The spot rupee is likely to rule in the 45.80-46.20 band against ...
With over 14 crore bank accounts,  the Department of Post's (DoP) saving scheme is one of the popular instruments with the ...
Justifying the recent hike in interest rates, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that interest rates were hardening ...
The bond market has started punting on another round of rate hike in July when the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) takes stock of its ...
ICICI Bank today raised lending rates, including those for home loans, by 50 basis points to protect its margins.
The hike comes ...
Despite the 515-point rise in the markets on Friday, concerns about tightening liquidity are weighing the markets down.
Brokers ...
The 25-basis point rate hike announced by the Reserve Bank of India on Thursday resulted in a crash in the government securities ...
On the heels of the Reserve Bank of India hiking rates by 25 basis points, the country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank ...
Repo, reverse repo up 25 bps.
The banking community is unlikely to rush for a hike in lending and deposit rates even as a section of bankers is not ruling out ...
India Inc is unhappy with the Reserve Bank of India's rate hike.
Senior corporate executives told Business Standard that the hike
...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) will raise around Rs 11,000 crore from the market in the current ...
In their over-aggressiveness to capture a bigger slice of the market, insurers have been underwriting risks for various state-run ...
With its aim to meet a forex business of Rs 5,700 crore, envisaging a growth of Rs 1,100 crore for 2006-07, Ananthakrishna, ...
A panel headed by the prime minister has said the RBI rate hike does not come as a surprise and that it reflects ...
RATE HIKE REACTIONS flashed on NDTV Profit:
The Reserve Bank of India today hiked reverse repo and repo rates on review of macro and monetary conditions.
According ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) will raise about Rs  1,000 crore from the market in the current ...
The European Central Bank (ECB) today raised its main refinancing rate by 25 basis points to 2.75%.The ECB's decision to ...
Rupee drops to 46.05/$
Students of select institutes will not have to worry anymore about financing their education.

LIC Housing Finance Ltd has announced 60 per cent dividend for 2005-06, following a 192.03 per cent rise in net profit to Rs ...
Liquidity with banks will remain ample despite big drains in the next 10 days, dealers said Tuesday, banking on a rise in ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poors has placed Indian banking system on a higher plane than that of China.

Indian rupee, which has depreciated substantially to rule around Rs 46 per dollar, is expected to rebound to rule at 44 by the ...
First year premium income of life insurance companies in April rose 58.4 per cent to Rs 1,996 crore from Rs 1,260 crore a year ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company is looking at making significant capital infusion during the current financial year to ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance is planning to expand its branch network in Maharashtra to achieve greater penetration in the ...
May advance auction calendar as it fears funds will enter equity markets.
The banks in Kerala have conveyed to the state government their decision to write off agricultural loans up to Rs 1 lakh taken by ...
The rupee today touched an early low of 46.06/$. Last week the currency had touched a three-year low at 46.57/$.The rupee ...
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Limited has increased interest rates on its non resident (External) rupee deposit (NRE) scheme ...
IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance Co Ltd (ITGI), a leading player in general insurance, has announced the launch of Barish Bima ...
It is not easy for private players to rope in customers, because public sector players are strongly entrenched, says Prasun ...
United Bank of India has revised interest rate on foreign currency non resident (FCNR) deposits upwards with effect from June 1, ...
Forex market
Government bond yields are unlikely to rise sharply although inflation is expected to top 5 per cent  Reserve Bank of Indias ...
The government will spend Rs 1,600 crore in the current financial year to provide farmers with a subsidy on the interest they ...
The plan of setting up a pool for offering motor vehicle third-party risk cover, considered by the regulator a few months ago, is ...
With an aim to expand the size of its loan asset books, Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) has gone beyond its ...
Even as the market was awash with liquidity, bearish outlook resulted in a marginally higher cut-off yield of 7.38 per cent at ...
Uco Bank is expecting Rs 2 crore as fee-based income from distribution of mutual fund products for six companies.
The one-time settlement (OTS) scheme to recover chronic non-performing assets (NPAs) of small and medium enterprises (SME) has ...
Tata AIG Life Insurance Company Ltd is expecting a 85-90 per cent growth in its total premium income in 2006-07.
The union government will pay 2 per cent interest subvention (subsidy) to public sector banks (PSBs) and regional rural banks for ...
Long-term funds
are no longer the exclusive domain of insurance companies and provident funds.
Banks, which usually prefer ...
The Alwaye-based Federal Bank revised its interest rates on NRE and foreign currency deposits with effect from 1st June, 2006.
Syndicate Bank-sponsored rural regional banks (RRBs) in Andhra Pradesh have been amalgamated to form a new entity called Andhra ...
Atleast four foreign fund biggies would soon enter the Indian mutual fund industry, a sign that re-affirms overseas interest in ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has 25 per cent of its total branches in the state but generates about 17 per cent of its business.
In a bid ...

The 96th State Level Bankers Committee meeting of Punjab, held at Chandigarh on Friday, discussed the issue of farmers ...
Bank of India (BoI) is focusing on the southern states to increase its business during this fiscal.
South accounted for less than ...
Industrial Development Bank of India is likely to raise Rs 3,000 crore from the market through bonds this fiscal.The bank ...
Prudential ICICI Mutual Fund (Pru ICICI) has emerged as the largest mutual fund in the country having a record assets under ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today approved Centurion Bank of Punjab's (CBoP) preferential issue of seven crore shares at a ...
Two new regional rural banks (RRBs) have been formed by merging three RRBs each.
Reserve Bank of Indias decision to sell a new 30-year bond next week through uniform price method is unlikely to prevent a rise ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab has got the Reserve Bank of India approval to issue equity shares on preferential basis to Johann Ltd, a ...
Before Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) gains complete control over the private sector Bharat Overseas Bank (BhOB), it may need to get ...
Banks non-compliance with Prevention of Money Laundering Act by will be viewed seriously, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
Non-compliance with Prevention of Money Laundering (PML) Act by banks will be viewed seriously, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
A new bank, Shreyas Gramin Bank with headquarters in Aligarh, has been formed by amalgamating three UP-based regional rural banks ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank is likely to hit the capital market with an intial public offer next year that may dilute government ...
The Indian rupee has further strengthened versus the dollar and is now quoted at 45.98/$ compared to its previous close of ...
The Indian rupee is trading firm in early trades.The rupee was quoted at 46.18/$ compared to its previous close of ...
Scheme to see partnership between physicians and residents.
Mid-level workers get 3-year term as independent directors.
Indian manufacturing sector hired more workers for the fourteenth consecutive month in May, to cope with bigger order-books and ...
Number of banks penalised in IPO scam rises to 10.
Despite the recent volatility in markets and sharp fall in the Sensex, equity remains the preferred choice for unit linked ...
Consultancy firm McKinsey & Company has called upon the government to reduce its role in the financial system.

Barring long-term gilt funds, all other debt fund categories gave positive average return in the one-month to Wednesday.

Was it only adequate reinsurance that helped private general insurers post profits in 2005-06 in spite of reporting one of the ...
Tata AIG General Insurance Company has launched a liability insurance cover for directors and officers (D&Os) of unlisted ...
Yes Bank today announced a special scheme offering 8 per cent interest on deposits of 10 months and 1 day, ahead of the launch of ...
The South Indian Bank (SIB) opened its Kadvanthra branch in the Kochi corporation limit today.
The Vijaya Bank is planning to open overseas branches in West Asia, China, Hong Kong and Malaysia, Prakash P Mallya, chairman and ...
Though the Indian markets ended the month of May on a weak note tracking global cues such as volatile commodity prices and ...
The proposed PFRDA Bill, aimed at setting up a regulator and managing new pension system, will not allow pension schemes to ...
The Life insurance sector grew by 41% in 2005-06 due to better performance of country's largest life insurer, LIC, and private ...
Tara Sankar Bhattacharya, managing director, State Bank of India, is likely to be made the banks chairman.

The rural folk of Punjab and Haryana will soon get to know more about insurance covers and get the benefits of general insurance. ...
The Uttar Pradesh government is in talks with the Small Scale Industrial Development Bank of India (Sidbi), whose headquarters is ...
Industrial Development Bank of India Ltd is open to acquiring a bank to extend its retail network, said deputy managing director ...
Sundaram Finance has reported net profit of Rs 117.65 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2006.
In the year-ago period, the ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram said on Tuesday that the time was ripe for Indian banks to expand into overseas markets.

Following the governments decision to write off its accumulated losses of Rs 3,830 crore, the state-owned Indian Bank is ...
Net profit up 23.50% to Rs 504 crore, net NPA down to below 1%.
State Bank of India (SBI) Bengal circle is eyeing Rs 300 crore net agri-business growth in 2006-07 against last year's ...
Tara Shankar Bhattacharya, managing director, State Bank of India, will hold charge for the time till the government appoints ...
Ten years back, Chennai-based Indian Bank created history by posting over Rs 1,600 crore net loss wiping out its entire net ...
The Indian rupee has plunged to its lowest level since June 2003.The rupee is now quoted at 46.55/$.
PERSONAL FINANCE: Insurance companies eye domestic travellers.
Max New York Life, one of India's leading life insurance companies, has got into a branch expansion mode.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today fined government-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) for maintaining lower cash reserve ratio (CRR) ...
Dena Bank in the state continued contributing highest in the total business of the bank.

The Reserve Bank of India has notified that as announced in its annual monetary policy statement for 2006-07 (April-March) the ...
Government bond prices are likely to rise by about 20 paise when the government announces a hike in retail rates of petroleum ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank is expected to hit the market with its second innovative Tier-I perpetual debt issue tomorrow.
The Pune-based Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) is now embarking on an image makeover, after stagnating for nearly three years and ...
As part of its 90th anniversary celebrations, Karur Vysya Bank Ltd is planning to offer new value added products like ...
The Vijaya Bank is planning to open overseas branches in West Asia, China, Hong Kong and Malaysia, Prakash P Mallya, chairman and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today slapped a fine of Rs 5 lakh on government-owned Bank of Baroda (BoB) for maintaining lower ...
Market mayhem may lead to drop in conversion premiums.
Disclosing this here today, Punjab Cooperatives and Horticulture Minister Jasjit Singh Randhawa said that the bank had earned ...
Debt funds fetched better average returns compared with equity schemes in the week to Friday.

Star Health & Allied Insurance, the countrys first standalone health insurance company, has commenced operations, offering a ...
Wealth Advisors (India) Pvt Ltd, a full service investment advisory company of the JV Gokal group, has launched insurance broking ...
Factors like high interest rates, worse than expected results and sector-related pessimism have pushed banking scrips out of the ...
The Centre has prepared a constitution amendment Bill to empower the co-operative banks' general bodies to decide on any long ...
Liquidity impact of capital flows has become a more important problem for monetary management than it was before, Reserve Bank of ...
In their bid to create awareness about the importance of insurance and to strengthen brand recall, insurance companies, ...
Commercial banks have exceeded the target set by the government for flow of credit to agriculture sector in 2005-06.
The Thiruvananthapuram-based State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has lined up plans to open an exchange house in Bahrain soon.
The ...
With a share of 34 per cent in the total credit portfolio of the bank, the Southern region accounted for about one third of ...
The spot rupee dropped below the 46-per dollar mark in early morning deals, and continued to be weak through the day before ...
The spot rupee hit a new low of 46.05 per dollar mark in late morning deals, and was traded around 46.03 per dollar in noon deals ...
Drug firms to adopt rural districts; pay health insurance premiums.
The new entity, called Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank, will have its headquarters at Warangal.
It will cover over eight ...
Karnataka revenue minister Jagadeesh Shettar said that the state government will use regional rural banks to the maximum extent ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance has launched a weather insurance policy for grape cultivators in Pune to help them minimise ...
The largest public sector bank of the country, State bank of India (SBI) is actively looking at acquisitions ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $793 million to $162.962 billion for the week ended May 19, according to the weekly supplement ...
Buy jewellery worth Rs 10,000 at Tanishq on a Tata credit card and drive down to the Taj coffee shop to instantly spend the Rs ...
The UK-based Standard Chartered Bank today reported 51 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit from its Indian operations in ...
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has adjourned the first hearing of National Securities Depository Ltds (NSDL) appeal ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued draft guidelines on a fair practices code for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), ...
Need for size and muscle to drive consolidation.
The government is expecting  a couple  of "weak" public sector banks tomerge with stronger ones in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued draft guidelines on fair practices code for non-banking finance companies ...
Standard Chartered Bank today reported a 51% increase in net profit at Rs 905.9 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has posted a net profit of Rs 258.68 crore for FY06 and has declared a 100% dividend.
Religare, a diversified financial services company founded by the promoters of Ranbaxy Laboratories, has, jointly with US-based ...
Citicorp Finance (India) Ltd, a subsidiary of US-based Citigroup, is issuing an innovative debt instrument in the Indian market, ...
The State Bank of India's Kerala circle has become the first among its circles to log on to 100 percent networking through the ...
PwC finds foreign banks performed well in investment banking, treasury ops.
Citicorp Finance (India), a subsidiary of US-based Citigroup, is to raise Rs 250 crore through the issue of equity-linked ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy said this morning that the Indian economy appears to be shifting to higher levels of ...
To enhance its presence all across the country, United Bank of India (UBI) is all set to open 50 more branches in current ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is likely to earn a net profit of Rs 1,600 crore in the current financial year to March compared with ...
PNB Principal Life plans to focus on group policies when it kicks off its operations around September this year.

Dutch bank ABN Amro NV plans to tap non-banking services in India more aggressively with retail broking and a possible entry into ...
Interest rates might remain stable in the shorter run but with an upward bias, according to A K Purwar, chairman, State Bank of ...
Plans to raise Rs 360 crore through rights issue.
With a view to extending its operations to Thiruvathapuram and Idukki districts, the South Malabar Gramin Bank (SMGB) is planning ...
The Madhura Nagar branch of Bank of India here has a unique housing loan offer.
It helps build an entire colony like those at ...
Asset Reconstruction Company (India) (Arcil), the country's first entity engaged in purchase and settlement of bad loans, today ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today reported a 21% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 904.69 crore for the year ended March 31, ...
Central bank asks banks to levy reasonable, cost-based charges.
Kolkata-based general insurance major National Insurance Company Limited (NICL) is all set to record a total premium income of Rs ...
Kolkata based United Bank of India has planned to extend finance to 10,000 self help groups in 2006-07.
The three-and-half-year-old Cholamandalam MS General Insurance, which hoped to post maiden profits in 2005-06, ended the year at ...
With domestic and overseas customers growing, Sundaram Business Services plans to appoint 200 people and increase its employee ...
Pantaloon Retail India, a textiles and retailing company, is foraying into insurance business in joint venture with Italys ...
A K Purwar, chairman of State Bank group, has indicated that a virtual merger of State Bank of India (SBI) and its associate ...
Citigroup, the largest financial services group in the US, plans to increase its market shares in countries outside the US.

The bank has recently shifted its Maharashtra zonal office from Mumbai to Pune.
It has also chalked out branch expansion plan . ...
Canara Bank has targeted a global business level of Rs 2,33,000 crore during 2006-07 fiscal, at a 18.74 per cent growth rate, ...
Max New York Life Insurance Company is aiming for a Rs 1,000-crore premium collection during this calendar year, as against Rs ...
The Vijayawada zone of State Bank of India, with 187 branches spread in Krishna, West Godavari and Guntur districts, recorded an ...
Citigroup, the largest financial services group in the US, plans to increase its market share in countries other than the ...
ING Vysya Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 9.06 crore for FY06 as compared to a net loss of  Rs 38.18 crore for FY05. ...
A Crisil study reveals that the countrys large number of creditworthy small and medium enterprises (SME) present banks with huge ...
The rupee recouped all losses to end flat against the US currency Monday as dollar sales by state-owned banks on behalf of the ...
After almost three years, the corporate bond market has given way to term loans as the chosen means to meet funding needs of ...
In Gujarat, the advances are of around Rs 140 crore and deposits were Rs 66 crore resulting CDR of more than 200 per cent.

Andhra Pradesh chief minister, Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, has asked bankers not to encourage microfinance institutions (MFIs) as ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) will open seven field general managers offices by June 2006 in order to augment its business in the ...
The UTI Bank would set up a branch in Hong Kong and a representative office in Shanghai, China, this fiscal, Hemanth Kaul, ...
The State of Bank India, too, was a buyer today, market sources said.
However, this could not be independently confirmed.
ULIPs have been a major contributor to new business premium income of life insurance companies.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) stepped in today to give an assurance that the financial system was robust enought to absorb the ...
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy has asked bankers not to encourage micro finance institutions (MFIs) "as they ...
Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has expressed its disappointment on a newspaper report based upon the opinion of a tax ...
Bank of India (BoI) would open 10 new branches in the Visakhapatnam zone in the near future, taking its number of branches in the ...
Federal Bank has registered a growth of 149.98 per cent in net profit at Rs 225.21 crore in 2005-06 against Rs 90.09 crore in the ...
Domestic equity markets and dollar movement overseas hold the key; The spot rupee is likely to rule in the 45.25-45.75 band ...
State Bank of India
(SBI) will meet the Basel-II norms by the March 2007 deadline set by the Reserve Bank of India."We ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will be raising an additional capital of Rs 6,000-7,000 crore in 2006-07 through a mix of subordinate ...
Higher provisioning to make good the erosion in the market value of its government bond portfolio pulled down the fourth quarter ...
Over 121,000 Indians in anti-money laundering database for banks.
IndusInd Bank
has signed a strategic alliance with Doha Bank.According to a release issued by IndusInd Bank
to the BSE ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) will be able to unlock huge value once its seven associate banks entered the capital market ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today reported a 1% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 5,529.92 crore for the year ended March ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank posted a 54% increase in net profit at Rs 176.84 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when compared ...
Federal Bank today reported a 150% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 225.19 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) today announced an alliance with UTI Bank to provide annuity debit cards to its customers for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has taken on to itself the task of ensuring that customers do not have to pay unduly high charges ...
The bank is running on profit since last three years with a net profit of Rs 3.22 crore during last fiscal.In 2002-03, the bank ...
The rupee weakened by 29 paise today as equity markets witnessed second biggest fall in percentage terms.

Punjab National Banks (PNB) net profit for January-March 2006 declined by 20 per cent to Rs 288.67 crore compared with Rs 360.63 ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab has posted a net profit of Rs 26.04 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2006.
Its total income ...
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Rakesh Mohan on Wednesday said that there is no change in the central banks inflation ...
Hybrid instruments issued by banks, like perpetual debt instruments and debt capital instruments, will now be included under the ...
Max New York Life (MNYL), a leading life insurance company and a joint venture between Max India Ltd and New York Life, has ...
Announcing its plans to add 1,100 more people in 2006, Scope International Pvt Ltd, the global shared services arm of Standard ...
Indian Bank plans to roll out around 900 more automatic teller machines (ATMs), taking the total number of its ATMs across the ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has posted a net profit of Rs 1439.31 crore for FY06, up 2% from Rs 1410.12 crore in FY05. ...
Fake credit card fraud has cost banks in India just over Rs 1 crore in the last three years, even though the number of cards ...
RBI against foreign firms raising money in India via IDRs.
Encouraged by its initial business in Himachal Pradesh, HDFC Bank is now set to spread its network by opening more branches ...
The amendments to the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1974, will give the central bank greater flexibility in managing liquidity and ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company has firmed up massive network expansion plans to achieve around 100 per cent growth in its ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the country's largest bank, is set to join the elite league of $1 billion club when it announces its ...
Iffco Tokio General Insurance Company received overwhelming response for its Barish Bima Yojna (Weather Insurance) from the ...
Indian Overseas Bank raised Rs 200 crore through an issue of perpetual bonds.
The issue was opened on May 12 and was fully ...
Though there has been a steady rise in the number of complaints pouring in with the banking ombudsman in Chandigarh, which has ...
Technology funds, with 1.03 per cent average return, were the best performers among all categories in the last week.
Banking and ...
State Bank of India (SBI) would complete stake dilution in subsidiaries within 4-5 months, chairman A K Purwar said on Tuesday.
Several banks have borrowed large sums through one-year certificates of deposit (CDs), expecting yields to rise as the Reserve ...
As part of its initiative to bring more transparency in banking services, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has today asked ...
Dewan Housing Q4 net up 58% to Rs 15.25 cr
General insurance companies have petitioned the finance ministry to help them emerge unscathed from the Rs 1,000-crore burden on ...
Standard Chartered Bank will start funding companies involved in agricultural processing in a small way during the current year ...
Firms leave Interest cost on foreign loans unhedged.
Talking to Business Standard, Gary Bennett, managing director and CEO of MNYL said, "Surat has the fastest growing market for ...
Allahabad Bank has posted a 30.33% increase in net profit at Rs 706.13 crore in FY06 on the back of better asset management and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked commercial banks to provide details of service charges levied by May 31, 2006, as it ...
The spot rupee, which hit an intra-day six-month low of 45.64 per dollar
today, closed at 45.47 per dollar.Dealers ...
Large-scale selling by foreign institutional investors in the Indian equity market and a sudden rise in dollar demand in the ...
The Bank expects to receive overwhelming response from the investor community to its IPO due to its strong fundamentals.
It is ...
Kolkata-based general insurance major National Insurance Company (NICL) is all set to record a total premium income of Rs 3,800 ...
HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company today reported a 112 per cent year-on-year growth in first year premium income in 2005-06 as ...
Syndicate Bank has revised its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) by 25 basis points from 11 per cent to 11.25 per cent, ...
Mangalore-based Syndicate Bank reported 96 per cent fall in its net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 2006 at Rs 10.31 ...
The domestic non-life insurance industry grew by around 16 per cent in 2005-06 with regard to premium underwritten.

Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported 50 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit in the fourth quarter ended March 2006 to Rs 34.7 ...
The SBI Life Insurance company will leverage its parent institution, State Bank of India's small and medium enterprises (SME) ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of Indias (Sebi) committee on unified exchange traded corporate bond market has suggested that ...
Suzlon Energy plans to raise Rs 5,000 crore to repay the loan taken for the acquisition of Hansen Transmissions and for expanding ...
The premiums underwritten by the Indian life insurance industry increased by 41% for the year ended March 31, 2006, at Rs ...
Allahabad Bank's Q4 net profit for the quarter ended March 2006 has zoomed to Rs 150.50 crore when compared to Rs 79.32 crore in ...
Regulatory ceiling on interest rate on funds borrowed overseas has been breached.
Talking to Business Standard, the managing director of Unnati Cooperative Bank, Yogesh Patel said, "Vadodara's cooperative banks ...
According to Rajesh Sud, executive director, Max New York Life, the company has expanded its countrywide geographic presence to ...
O N Singh, chairman and managing director, Allahabad Bank said, "The board today approved the proposal of raising Rs 500 crore ...
India Inc will have to cough up a little more to pay premiums on non-tariff general insurance covers as insurers have decided to ...
Companies in India cannot borrow from overseas corporate bodies (OCBs) even if these OCBs hold equity stakes in the borrowing ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy (pictured) has cautioned commercial banks against rising non-performing assets (NPAs) in ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India's (Sebi)'s decision to allow issue of rupee convertible bonds (RCBs) to foreign ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.736 billion to $162.413 billion for the week ended May 5, according to the weekly ...
The Reserve Bank of India RBI governor, YV Reddy,  has cautioned commercial banks against rising non-performing assets ...
Distressed assets market in India is hotting up.

After raising its interest rates on corporate loans with effect from May 1, 2006, Bank of Baroda (BoB) has increased rates on ...
The 16th consecutive interest rate hike by US Federal Reserve is unlikely to put pressure on domestic interest rates, a senior ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) are shying away from the corporate bond market.
These banks had, as an internal policy, decided not to ...
Close on the heels of the opening of its Dubai office, the Andhra Bank plans to open its new NRI branch at Vyttila in Kochi in ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India has constituted a committee to look into the existing grievance ...
The Mysore-based Cauvery Grameena Bank (CGB) has earned a profit of Rs 5.67 crore, registering an 80 per cent growth in
That banking is not a forte of men folk alone, and women, when given a chance, can even do better in this field, has been proved ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, with close to 60 branches in Punjab (50 in rural areas and 10 in cities), is all set to open more ...
State Bank of Patiala (SBP) and State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) have decided to enter the capital market within six months time.

The distressed assets market in India is hotting up.
New global distressed debt investors like Spinnaker, Cargill, Avenue and JC ...
SBI Life Insurance Company today became the first among the new life insurers to report net profit.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today opened its first agriculture development branch in Uttaranchal at Kashipur industrial town in ...
State Bank of Saurashtra posted 46 per cent growth in its net profit to Rs 60.12 crore, for the financial year 2005-06, compared ...
Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Co has reported 59 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 8.6 crore for year ended March 31, 2006 ...
The Supreme Court has set aside the judgment of the special court dealing with the securities scam and declared that Standard ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy has said consolidation in the banking sector was an important "work in progress". ...
Banks can't lend to firms with common directors.
The board of Reliance Natural Resources has approved the issuance of zero coupon foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) to ...
Demanding a roll-back of the Centre's decision to withdraw exemption offered to cooperative banks from paying income tax, 300 ...
The lending to the small and medium enterprises (SME) segment in India of HSBC has reached 7% of the total loans given to SMEs by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor, Y V Reddy, has said consolidation in the banking sector is an important "work in ...
RBI delays nod for 450 ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank branches.
Indian Banks Association (IBA) has listed 23 countries in the high risk category for the implementation of KYC (know your ...
UTI Bank may consider raising its home loan rates by at least 50 basis points to 9 per cent for its existing customers from July ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), the wholly owned subsidiary of the countrys largest bank State Bank of India (SBI), plans to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has provided a major relief to banks by reverting to calculation of commission for handling ...
Considered the fifth best holiday destination in the world, Goa has emerged a new 'cash-rich' state if one goes by the inflow of ...
The Karad Urban Co-operative Bank (KUCB) posted a profit of Rs 2.4 crore in the last fiscal.
The bank could not pay dividend to ...
The Bank of India (BoI) is planning to expand its business in Kerala to the tune of Rs 2,500 crore by the end of March, 2007, ...
Bank of India, which has forayed into infrastructure financing recently, is entering into an agreement with the Japan Bank of ...
Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank will shortly be opening its fist overseas branch office at Hong Kong.
Escorts Finance has filed an appeal with the Delhi High Court seeking to quash of the single judges order that had refused to ...
Brokers registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) as corporate entities before 1997 may be exempted from ...
Customers can no longer hope to pay just a small fee for ATM usage.
The Reserve Bank-promoted National Financial Switch (NFS) has ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will open a regional office in Dehra Dun and provide additional services including foreign ...
After a gap of 14 years, the Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) has decided to make a dividend payment of Rs 45.97 crore to ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) today raised its deposit rates by 25-75 bps across maturities to attract more depositors for bridging ...
Private sector banks have outperformed their public sector counterparts in bottomline growth during the March 2006 quarter (q4). ...
The Coconut Development Board (CDB) has given the nod for the project prepared by the agricultural wholesale market at Vengeri ...
The Thiruvananthapuram-based Kerala State Cooperative Bank (KSCB) has unveiled 'Co-Bank Grama Yatra' loan scheme to promote rural ...
The Andhra Pradesh Grameena Vikas Bank (APGVB), which was recently merged with five regional rural banks sponsored by the State ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) today raised its deposit rates by 25-75 basis points across various maturities to attract more retail ...
Indian Airlines (IA) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with ICICI Bank for pre-delivery payments (PDPs) funding for ...
Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals would be raising $200 million (about Rs 890 crore) through the issue of Foreign Currency ...
General insurers' travel insurance portfolios are growing at brisk pace thanks to travel houses bundling covers with their tour ...
United Western Bank is considering second rights issue of equity shares for raising resources to meet capital adequacy norms.

Global rating agency, Standard & Poors (S&P), on Friday cautioned that increase in interest rates or any decline in ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, today raised home loan rates by 50 basis points within a week after saying it ...
ICICI Bank, the country's second largest bank, today raised home loan rates by 50 basis points within a week after saying it ...
Global rating agency, Standard & Poor's (S&P) expects incremental reforms to allow India to grow at close to 8%, but sees ...
ICICI Bank, the country's second largest commercial bank, is set for another round of lending rate hikes.
Sources said the hikes
...
Private equity and venture capital management company ICICI Venture has invested Rs 35 crore in Metropolis Health Services, a ...
Encouraged by the booming Indian aviation market, Bravia Capital Partners has formed a joint venture with Infrastructure Leasing ...
There could be a spill over effect of global developments on domestic interest rates.
It could also pose challenges for reserve ...
India's economic performance translated into a whopping $150-billion opportunity but its biggest weakness was infrastructure ...
The meeting of the finance ministers of China, Japan and Korea on the sidelines of the Asian Development Bank annual meeting here ...
Euler Hermes, the global leader in credit risk cover, has launched a product tailor made for Indian SMEs.
Banks in Punjab have credit-linked 2,527 self-help groups (SHGs) out of the 3,620 SHGs that were formed in 2005-06. The total ...
Auction sails through, but some expected lower yields.
All the unions in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), insurance, mutual fund, both in public and private sector is going to observe ...
The union of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), insurance and mutual funds are going to observe anti-outsourcing day on May 16, ...
Moodys Investors Service today revised the outlook on Indias Ba2 domestic currency debt rating to stable from negative, citing ...
The surging private wealth of rich Indians is attracting more and more foreign banks offering wealth management services.

The Bengal circle of State Bank of India (SBI) is expecting to sanction Rs 100 crore agricultural loan through the newly set up ...
The new chairman of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), T S Vijayan, has put the launch of credit card and micro-insurance ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has adopted an innovative strategy to expand its home loan portfolio and at the same time ensure ...
On the fourth day of the disturbed condition in the walled city area of Vadodara, almost all of the 36 branches of State Bank of ...
Singapore's DBS Bank has launched its wealth management services, called "Treasures priority banking", in India.
Advantage India Day will be the theme of the ADB meet tomorrow.
The 39th annual meeting of the Asian Development Bank is being ...
Asian Development Bank President Haruhiko Kuroda, expressed concern that current oil prices were unsustainably high and urged oil ...
Hinting that the implementation of Basel II norms by Indian commercial banks may go a little beyond March 2007, RBI Governor YV ...
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) will focus more on retail loans particularly for housing, education, consumer durables, ...
T S Vijayan (pictured) on Wednesday took charge as the youngest chairman of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the public ...
Union Bank of India has managed to beat the competition to emerge as the selected banker to handle a major part of the salary ...
Rating agency Crisil today said the creditworthiness of Indian companies could take a downward turn in the coming years after ...
Strengthening its support to farm and related segments, the Thiruvananthapuram-based State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has recorded ...
Chennai-based Financial Software & Systems (FSS) has said that it has set up an ATM network in Bhutan.
The companys leading ...
To fund its expansion plans, Development Credit Bank (DCB) will be tapping the capital market for Rs 300 crore.
T S Vijayan today took charge as the youngest chairman of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the public sector life ...
The foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net buyers to the tune of Rs 462.08 crore in the futures & option segment on ...
Allahabad Bank has revised interest rate on foreign currency non resident (FCNR) deposits and non resident (external) rupee ...
Public sector banks, Bank of India (BoI) and Andhra Bank today raised their benchmark prime lending rates (PLRs) by 50 basis ...
The Thrissur-based private sector South Indian Bank (SIB) recorded Rs 16.31 crore net profit for the fourth quarter ended March ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), the countrys largest mortgage lender, today reported 22.63 per cent rise in its ...
The riots have adversely affected the day to day business of banking sector in Vadodara in the past two days.

The US treasury department has decided to post a full-time treasury representative in India as it considers the south Asian ...
Citigroup will buy Standard Life's 9.27 per cent stake in Housing Development Finance Company (HDFC), the country's biggest home ...
HDFC today reported a increase of 22.6% in its net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2006.According to a release ...
South Indian Bank recorded a 485% increase in net profit at Rs 50.90 crore in FY06 as against Rs 8.70 crore last year, according ...
The board of directors of Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) in their meeting yesterday approved raising an aggregating of Rs 1,200 crore ...
Bank plans saturation retail coverage in rural India.
Central bank responds to Sebi paper.
After kisan credit cards, it is now turn of the Litchi credit card
and mango credit card.
The countrys biggest mortgage lender, Housing Development Finance Company (HDFC), today announced 0.50 basis points across the ...
INSURANCE: Business and leisure travellers should pack a policy in their bags, with the other essentials.

The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) will formulate a farm credit package to enable cooperative ...
ICICI Bank today announced higher interest rates for non-resident fixed rupee (NRE) deposits as well as those denominated in ...
The Union Bank of India today appointed R S Reddy as executive director.According to an official release, Reddy has over ...
Andhra Bank reported marginal increase in net profit at Rs 138.59 crore for the quarter ended March 2006 compared with Rs 138.77 ...
Oriental Bank of Commerces net profit for the quarter ended March 2006 was Rs 204.94 crore, marginally higher than the previous ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, has reported 29 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 789.93 crore in the fourth ...
Canara Bank is all set to foray into life insurance venture in partnership with a foreign player within the current financial ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) will pick up 33.33 per cent equity interest in S S Kantilal Ishwarlal ...
After home loans, interest rates on loans availed by blue-chip corporates are climbing back above 10 per cent.

State Bank of Travancore has posted a net profit of Rs 258.68 core for FY06 as against Rs 247.13 crore during FY05.
State Bank of India (SBI) has hiked home loan rates by increasing the State Bank Advance Rate (SBAR), which was at 10.25% ...
ICICI Bank today reported a 30.65% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 2,420.09 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today posted a 23% decline in net profit at Rs 557.16 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 ...
Union Bank of India has posted 65.97 per cent drop in net profit to Rs 144 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 2006 from Rs ...
Bank of Baroda's (BoB) net profit in the fourth quarter ended March 2006 increased 106.65 per cent to Rs 208.80 crore from Rs ...
Bank of India's (BoI) net profit in the fourth quarter of 2005-06 jumped 381.94 to Rs 254.42 crore from Rs 52.79 crore a year ...
HDFC Bank and Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) today said they would appeal against the Securities and Exchange ...
To wait for reports of NSDL, CDSL on tainted DPs.
HDFC Bank and Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI Bank) today said they would appeal against the Securities and Exchange ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) has posted a net profit of Rs 675.18 crore for FY06 down 6% from Rs 719.06 crore in FY05.
Bank of India has posted a 106% increase in net profit at Rs 701.44 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when compared with Rs ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) today reported a 22% increase in net profit at Rs 826.96 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when ...
Mahindra and Mahindra Financial Services, a leading player in the rural market, reported 31.70 per cent rise in net profit to Rs ...
High-cost corporate deposits in banks cross 25 per cent level.
Public sector Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) reported 30.05 per cent growth in net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 2006 to ...
Dena Bank today reported a 20% increase in net profit at Rs 72.99 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when compared with Rs ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today reported a 20% increase in net profit at Rs 783.34 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when ...
Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) is peeved over Bank of Indias (BoI) proposal to recover Ketan Parekhs dues from ...
RBI asks banks to seek affidavits from companies.
Educational loan is not on the priority list of private bankers in Madhya Pradesh.
Almost all the private bankers have sanctioned ...
The World Bank has firmed up plans to once again assist in hydel power generation projects in the country after staying away from ...
Allahabad Bank plans to disburse loans amounting to Rs 140 crore in 2006-07 covering almost 5000 farmers in Punjab against ...
Kotak Life Insurance posted a whopping 243 per cent growth in Gujarat where as in India it registered a high growth of 100 per ...
Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) is peeved over Bank of Indias (BoI) proposal to recover Ketan Parekhs dues from ...
The Reserve Bank of India has put in some riders while extending the deadline for residuary non-banking companies (RNBCs) to ...
After a gap of 12 years, the employees of Mumbai-based public sector undertakings (PSUs) may have to bear the burden of ...
The Mangalore-based Corporation Bank reported 6.78 per cent fall in net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 2006 as a rise ...
INSURANCE: Bajaj Allianz notches up some good numbers selling life insurance in Indias smaller towns.
The Visakhapatnam zone of Bank of India (BoI), spread across seven districts with 46 branches, registered a growth of 27 per cent ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today penalised a small-sized private sector bank, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank, for not ensuring ...
Corporation Bank today reported a 26% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 443 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when ...
It will also fund Indian companies planning to acquire firms in the EU.
Centurion Bank of Punjab will 39 more branches in the country including three more in Punjab in the current financial year.
Calls back investments in various group companies.
Part of deposits treated as undisclosed income, company contests claim.
After clocking in over 35 per cent year-on-year growth in advances for 2004-05 and 2005-06, Kolkata-based Allahadbad Bank will ...
The two government stocks - 7.40 per cent 2012 and 7.95 per cent 2032 , auctioned by the Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday for a ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) has suspended the use of the matrix that formed the basis for ...
State Bank of India, the countrys largest bank, has come out with comprehensive guidelines to prevent anti-money laundering ...
O P Bhatt, managing director of State Bank of Travancore, will take over as managing director of State Bank of India.

D E Shaw, the worlds second-largest hedge fund, is entering India.
The New York-based fund, often described as the most ...
HSBC India, which opened a branch in Nagpur recently, is set to give local money lenders a tough competition.
The bank has drawn ...
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) posted a growth of 39 per cent in the first premium ...
Life Insurance Corporation, southern zone, reported a 45 per cent growth in new business premium of Rs 2,750 crore during ...
O  P Bhatt, managing director of State Bank of Travancore, will take over as the managing director of State Bank of India ...
Canara Bank posted net profit of Rs 493.52 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 2006, up 382.42 per cent compared with Rs ...
Shringar Cinemas has raised $20 million (approximately Rs 90 crore) through a foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCB) issue ...
Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank celebrated its 142nd anniversary today, having started operations on April 24, 1865.
Bank balance worth Rs 1 trillion utilised for expansion, diversification, acquisition.
Asset Reconstruction Company (India) Ltd (Arcil) is raising Rs 360 crore equity through a 1:1.2 rights issue at a premium.

IndusInd Bank will be floating a separate subsidiary for insurance broking.
Bhaskar Ghose, managing director, said, We have ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has raised $100 million through a global depository share
(GDS) at $6.6 a GDS (about Rs 300 a share).
Seek 2.5 percentage points interest subsidy for providing short-term agriculture credit.
The Goa State Co-operative Bank has tied up with Aviva Life Insurance for bancassurance, with the objective of increasing its ...
An independent study group on old generation private sector banks in India constituted by the All India Bank Officers ...
IndusInd Bank will have strategic business tie-up with more banks in the Middle East, according to its managing director Bhaskar ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) today made a strong pitch for a minimum 2.5%interest subsidy for providing short-term farm credit at ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has raised $100 million by issuing 1.50 crore global depository shares (GDSs) priced at $6.6 per GDS (approx ...
Canara Bank today reported a 21% increase in net profit at Rs 1,343.22 crore for the year ended March 31, 2006 when compared with ...
The Centre is planning to introduce a Bill to amend co-operative legislation to remove dual control of state governments and the ...
Union Bank of India has set a total business target of Rs 1,60,000 crore for the current fiscal and has identified retail, SMEs, ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) is planning to advance the setting up of the declined motor ...
Shipping companies would see marine hull insurance premium rising back to the level prevailing before the risk was detariffed in ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $987 million to $155.196 billion for the week ended April 14, 2006, according to the weekly ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab has raised interest rate on the domestic term deposits by 25-100 basis points in various maturities.

UCO Bank would be raising Rs 3,600 crore in a phased manner over the next 12 months by way of issuing upper Tier II bonds and ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy's decision to leave the key interest rates untouched in its annual policy early this week ...
Vijaya Bank has raised interest rates on medium and long term domestic deposits by quarter to half a percentage point.
The bank ...
Allahabad Bank has signed on Tata Consultancy Services to roll out core banking solution (CBS)  across its 900 branches in ...
UCO Bank plans to raise Rs 3,600 crore in a phased manner over the next 12 months.
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today reported a consolidated net of Rs 546.49 crore for the year ended March 31, ...
The central government and the Reserve Bank of India are on the same wavelength, Union finance minister P Chidambaram said here ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is working on putting in place a framework whereby insurance companies ...
Banks will have to make a total general provisioning of about Rs 2,000 crore in 2006-07 on standard personal loans, capital ...
Industrial Development Bank of India reported 6.35 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 201 crore for the fourth quarter ended March ...
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Limited has increased interest rates on its non resident (external) rupee deposit (NRE) scheme ...
United Bank of India expects to post more than 40 per cent growth in its small and medium enterprises (SME) outstandings in ...
April 2006 S&P raises outlook to positive Febraury.International rating agency Standard & Poors today raised the ...
The West Bengal Financial Corporation (WBFC), that posted 400 per cent growth in operational profit at Rs 1.70 crore in 2005-06, ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias decision to leave the key policy rates unchanged in its annual credit policy has given a new lease of ...
Standard & Poors today upgraded the long-term foreign currency rating of Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) to ...
April 2006 S&P raises outlook to positive Febraury.
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has further increased interest rates on NRE term deposits.
The hike which came into effect ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) seems to be gearing up for Akshay Tritiya (auspicious day to buy gold) that falls on April 30.
The ...
Life insurance companies have yet to see the entry of younger generation in a big way.
This was highlighted by N S Kannan, ...
Bankers say rising rates had not dampened borrowings for home purchases.

Standard & Poor's today raised the outlook on India to positive from stable citing improved prospects of a stable debt ...
The Reserve Bank of India has put the rate hike on hold for the time being but can tighten the policy any moment.At ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks not to consider raising hybrid tier-I and upper tier-II capital in foreign ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today came out with draft guidelines on a new set of framework for asset liability management ( ...
The Reserve Bank of India's decision to keep base rates - repo, reverse repo and bank rate unchanged buoyed the sentiment in the ...
The abnormally high banking credit growth to the commercial real estate sector has created concern in the mind of the Reserve ...
The ceiling of interest rate on export credit in foreign currency raised by 25 basis points to LIBOR plus 100 basis points from ...
CREDIT
R RavimohanMD & CEO, CRISIL
The Annual Monetary & Credit Policy statement clearly states that financial stability is the topmost priority for the RBI, ...
Is our erring on the side of caution - a natural propensity, to be sure - actually dong a disservice to the economy?
Reserve Bank's Annual Credit Policy for 2006-07 projects the image of a regulator that perhaps had intentions of raising key ...
The RBIs Annual Policy Statement for 2006-07 is a reflection of the fact that our Central Bank has been using the monetary tools ...
The governor presented the policy in an environment of increased financial integration between the domestic and the global ...
The RBI has maintained equilibrium between opposing forces of growth, inflation, asset price rise and currency movements.
It has ...
After a surprise hike in the repo rate in January 2006 and taking into consideration the acute shortage of rupee liquidity till ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed to set up a working group to identify avenues to help urban co-operative banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has shifted to quarterly limits on ways and means advances (WMA) for the central government from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has estimated that the national gross domestic product (GDP) for 2006-07 is likely to be in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed primary dealers (PDs) in government securities to diversify into other activities.
In far-reaching reforms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has given the go-ahead for the introduction of the when issued market ...
Cap on initial, recurring expenses of branch offices up at 10% and 5% of average income of last two years.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said it would ask banks to undertake stress tests on their asset portfolios, which would in part ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised the ceiling on interest rates charged on credit in foreign currency for exports in ...
Rise in tandem with the rates on other foreign currency deposits.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today stipulated that banks exposure to venture capital funds (VCFs) will be part of their ...
Banks have been asked to step up provisioning for standard personal loans, loans and advances qualifying as capital market ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias move to raise the provisioning for commercial realty loans to one per cent and increasing the risk ...
The Vijayawada region of Vijaya Bank, with 39 branches covering 10 coastal districts, earned a profit of Rs 32 crore and did a ...
The AP Mahesh Co-operative Urban Bank Limited announced a 26 per cent increase in net profit (provisional) from Rs 4 crore in ...
The Cabinet today approved a proposal to write off accumulated losses of the United Bank of India amounting to Rs 278.44 crore ...
The abnormally high banking credit growth to the commercial real estate sector has been a cause for concern for the Reserve Bank ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has given the go-ahead for the introduction of "when issued" market in government ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy today said the central bank was confident about containing inflation, but was worried ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised the ceiling on interest rates charged on foreign currency export credit in order to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to step up provisioning for standard personal loans, loans and advances ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has initiated steps aimed at ensuring costs of banking services for customers are ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India, today left the Bank Rate, reverse repo rate and cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged ...
RBI Governor YV Reddy spoke to Business Standard after announcing the policy. ...
Marwar Gramin Bank, one of the major regional rural banks working in the south-western region of Rajasthan, has achieved total ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said headline inflation had remained well contained in 2005-06 despite supply-side risks ...
Commercial banks' exposure to the real estate sector almost doubled in the first 10 months of 2005-06 over the March 31, 2005 ...
UTI Bank today announced 30.20 per cent growth in its net profit for the quarter ended March 2006 to Rs 151.73 crore from Rs ...
Karur Vysya Bank expects to set up 10 rural branches in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh during the current financial year.

Public sector banks employee unions are set to meet Indian Banks Associations officials this week to discuss ways to implement ...
Banking community united on cash reserve ratio status quo.
The phenomenal growth in retail credit is on the radar of the finance ministry, while the Reserve Bank of India feels that the ...
The problem of pending cheques caused by the recent strike of State Bank of India employees has slowed direct tax collections.

RBI hiked repo and reverse repo rate by 25 bps in January policy as a pre-emptive measure.
High credit offtake, rising trade ...
The monetary policy has an impact on government borrowings, cost of funds for corporates, health of the banking system and ...
Given the economic trajectory, corporate India would be keen to understand how the cost of finances are set to change when they ...
The RBI is likely to keep interest rates unchanged on April 18, but announce a hawkish statement that will hint it is not ...
There could be some apparent reasons for the RBI to favour a monetary policy
tightening in its April policy.
First, the ...
Scramble for resources to feed high credit demand made banks to jack up rates on deposits in the beginning of second half of ...
The wholesale price-based inflation rate has remained well contained ever since the October policy review.
The inflation rate has ...
The high crude petroleum product prices in international markets and surging non-fuel import payments for capital goods have ...
Banks had to counter serious competition from mutual funds in their efforts to raise low-cost deposits from households.
In the January 2006 review of the annual policy, Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy had expressed concern at the runaway ...
LIC's first premium income in 2005-06 at Rs 18,085 cr, beating its previous high by Rs 3,000 cr.
The RBI has allowed primary dealers (PDs) in government securities (gilts) to diversify into other businesses, but with a caveat: ...
Finacle, the banking product from the Infosys stable, posted 68 per cent y-o-y growth to touch $82 million revenue for the ...
Nine of the 24 nationalised banks and six of the 14 private banks operating in Krishna district did not give a single rupee to ...
LOAN RESTRUCTURING: The recent RBI guidelines will prevent non-performing assets from piling up.
Banks would soon have to do a background check of candidates before recruiting them as employees.

The Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) plans to invest Rs 1,000 crore every year over five years on township ...
Euler Hermes, the worlds largest credit insurance company with a 34 per cent market share, has tied up with Bajaj Allianz ...
Citibank has consolidated operations of its non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) engaged in consumer financing under one entity, ...
RBI panel moots loan disbursal in calamity-ridden areas sans collaterals.
National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development (Nabard) on Thursday reported 13 per cent drop in its surplus (profit) to Rs ...
Forty-five women entrepreneurs from the north are participating in the CAN Mela, organised by the Centre for Entrepreneurship ...
Aviva Life Insurance Company India Pvt Limited, a joint venture between Dabur and Aviva Plc, is targeting 100 per cent growth in ...
HDFC Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank, a financial institution, have signed a memorandum of understanding to share their ATM network. ...
The government securities (g-sec) and foreign exchange markets are set to get a big boost with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Commercial banks may get to heave a sigh of relief with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) planning to extend the deadline for ...
Kotak Old Mutual Life Insurance Company has decided to focus on the mass market as it witnessed a 100 per cent growth in first ...
Rating agency Crisil on Wednesday reported 17 per cent fall in net profit at Rs 7.92 crore in the first quarter ended March 31, ...
Indian Overseas Bank, along with United India Insurance, has come up with an insurance product which covers the risks that the ...
In the last fortnight of the fiscal 2005-06, banking systems deposit mobilisation grew by Rs 83,894 crore  over one-fourth of ...
If won, it would be the biggest outsourcing deal for an Indian IT company.
The spot rupee opened at 44.79/80 per dollar, but closed at a three-month low of 45.19/20 per dollar following buying by banks. ...
Crisil, a subsidiary of global rating agency Standard & Poor's, today reported a 10% increase in consolidated net profit at ...
The Reserve Bank of India may hike the provisioning requirement for standard assets in real estate, capital market and home loans ...
The Reserve Bank of India may hike the provisioning requirement for standard assets in real estate, capital market and home loans ...
A snag in their computer server link has paralysed the banking services in two branches of Punjab National Bank (PNB) in Kharar ...
The Uttar Pradesh Co-operative Bank has announced a dividend of 15 per cent to stakeholders.
It has posted a profit of Rs 29.78 ...
Lending to apex co-operative bodies and public sector units is proving to be the biggest problem for the UP Co-operative Bank. ...
With the Baisakhi festival season round the corner, international money transfer companies are gearing up to garner a major share ...
Plastic cards will not be the only mode for cashless transaction, mobile phones are set to catch up soon
The public sector banks in India are all set to assist the growth of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the country by ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias view that the foreign realty funds would create a bubble in the sector has resulted in blocking of $ ...
The easing of the liquidity tightness has provided the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) the comfort to side-step the demand for ...
The easing of the liquidity tightness has provided the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) the comfort to side-step the demand for ...
Stating that the Jalandhar Central Cooperative Bank would open two more branches, Managing Director Anil Dutta today said very ...
Standard Chartered Bank plans to focus on tier-II and -III cities and expects contribution from such towns to its total business ...
Sompo of Japan has been selected as the foreign partner in the general insurance venture led by the Allahabad Bank.
Close on the heels of the Asian Development Banks (ADB) estimates of a slowdown in GDP growth, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
On Monday, State Bank of India cleared more than 70,000 cheques worth over Rs 200 crore in Gujarat following withdrawal of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) proposes to initiate criminal action against banks involved in the IPO scam.
After its meeting ...
Substantial rise in global interest rates erase arbitrage chances.
Rupee-yen swaps, which was prevalent among corporates to reduce the cost of funds, have now become a favourite of public sector ...
Instead of recovering money borrowed by scheduled castes (SC) people, banks should advise them as well as help them in business. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today kicked off the government borrowing programme for 2006-07 with the auction of new 10-year ...
Rs 2,00,000 crore worth of cheques awaiting clearance.
After a week-long agitation, State Bank of India (SBI) employees on Monday resumed work, striving hard to restore normalcy in ...
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB), the largest cooperative bank in Andhra Pradesh in terms of share capital, managed to reduce ...
The Centurion Bank of Punjab (after the merger of the Centurion Bank with the Bank of Punjab) has set for itself a target of 85 ...
Chaos prevailed in State Bank of India (SBI) branches and ATMs as people made a beeline to withdraw cash and carry out other ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram this evening announced an end to the strike by the SBI employees after the government and the bank ...
Andhra Bank will add 70 new branches during the 2006-07 financial year across the country.
This apart, the bank plans to set up ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram this evening announced an end to the strike by the SBI employees after the government and the bank ...
The Dakshina Kannada District Central Co-operative Bank (DKDCC) has registered a profit of Rs 5.12 crore during 2005-06, the ...
The ongoing strike by State Bank of India employees has delayed the financial results for the year 2005-2006 and the account ...
Mangalore-based Corporation Bank is looking to acquire a mid-sized bank in the north as part of its strategy to achieve Rs 1 lakh ...
State Bank of India (SBI) staff called off strike on Sunday night.40% pension on salary above Rs 21,040 and 50% pension ...
The first round of talks between the government and State Bank of India management today ended in a stalemate with neither side ...
Andhra Bank will add 70 new branches across the country during FY07.
The bank plans also to set up about 130 new ATMs across the ...
The State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) is planning an initial public offer (IPO) during the second quarter of FY07.
The bank intends ...
With the strike of State Bank of India (SBI) employees entering the sixthday on Saturday, the Gujarat government has decided ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $2.960 billion to $151.622 billion for the week ended March 31, 2006, according to the weekly ...
Purwar urges staff to resume work as strike enters fifth day.In what could cost the State bank of India a substantial ...
Purwar urges staff to resume work as strike enters fifth day.
The ongoing strike by State Bank of India employees has delayed the financial results for the year 2005-2006 and also put account ...
Striking employees of State Bank of India are planning to increase the ambit of their agitation by enlisting the support of other ...
The Asset Reconstruction Company of India (Arcil) resolved 115 non-performing assets (NPA) cases aggregating Rs 4,602 crore ...
Italy's Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena (MPS), the world¿s oldest bank founded in 1472, today opened its representative office in ...
The Union Bank of India will open its overseas branches at the earliest, said M V Nair, the newly-appointed chairman and managing ...
Various banks have advanced about Rs 170.98 crore to 25,770 self help groups (SHGs) in East Godavari district during the ...
The Karnataka Bank Limited has effected an upward revision in interest rates on its Non Resident (External) Rupee Deposit (NRE) ...
With the strike of State Bank of India employees entering its forth day, majority of the central government employees, posted in ...
The Uttar Pradesh government decided to shift its banking transactions from SBI to Allahabad Bank.
From April 6, Allahabad Bank
...
Talks between striking SBI employees and the government have reached a stalemate, with employee unions rejecting Finance Minister ...
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) will participate in a protest meeting tomorrow all across the state in support of the ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) will be focusing on direct financing in the years to come.
Germany-based insurance firm Allianz AG saw its claims rising substantially in 2005 owing to an unprecedented monsoon in India.
T S Vijayan is likely to take over as the chairman of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India.
Vijayan is at present managing ...
Union Bank of India will open its first-ever overseas branch at the earliest, said M V Nair, the newly appointed chairman and ...
A former chief manager of the State Bank of India's foreign exchange branch here, charged with embezzling around Rs 50 lakh, was ...
Central Bank wants to curb state-owned finance companies' access to external borrowings.
The on-going SBI employees¿strike has resulted in around Rs 55,000 crore losses in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
The Bombay High Court has rejected a petition filed by Kolhapur-based Ganesh Bank of Kurundwad that challenged its amalgamation ...
The Cabinet today cleared Indian Bank's proposal for writing off Rs 3,830.14 crore against its equity capital of Rs 4,573.96 ...
Talks between striking employees of State Bank of India (SBI) and Chief Labour Commissioner S K Mukhopadhyay for a hike in ...
Even as strike by the State Bank of India (SBI) employees entered its fourth day, sources indicated that the banks near-monopoly ...
The Punjab National Bank is planning to make the customers' grievances mechanism system more powerful by providing alternative ...
The disruption of the clearing business is becoming a matter of concern in Uttaranchal courtesy the ongoing strike by employees ...
Two years back, financial investors would not touch the tea industry with a bargepole.
Saraswat Bank is likely to write off around Rs 25 crore of Maratha Mandir Banks losses over five years, S K Banerjee, managing ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has posted 24.3 per cent growth in its business, comprising deposits and advances, at Rs 1,55,000 crore for ...
The Bombay High Court today upheld the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) decision to place Kolhapur-based Ganesh Bank of Kurundwad ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in its new ruling for credit information companies, has allowed bank customers to have access to ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank would soon launch gold hedging services, which are in a very nascent stage in India.
Gold analysts said most ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today announced names of three new deputy managing directors (DMD) to fill vacancies.
These ...
Spread between corporate bonds and underlying gilts stood at 145 bps in March.
The continuing strike at the State Bank of India (SBI) has thrown life out of gear for many people.
The strike entered the third ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance has recorded first premium income of Rs 1,680 crore during the period between April 2005 and January ...
The Reserve Bank issued guidelines to banks on recovery of dues from poultry units, which have been hit hard following the avian ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) today announced a hike in the interest rates on domestic deposits.
After the revision, the interest rate ...
Western Union Services India Private Limited (WUSIL) has unveiled its new initiative called 15 Dirhams pricing from UAE to ...
Officers and employees of all the eight regional rural banks (RRBs) in Andhra Pradesh staged a protest before the regional office ...
Shriram City Union Finance Limited has informed that Shriram Enterprises Holdings Pvt has acquired 24 lakh shares, aggregating ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the biggest Indian bank, today named three new deputy managing directors (DMD) to fill vacancies. ...
The Reserve Bank of India is set to relax the norms for issuance of employee stock options (Esops) by foreign companies to their ...
The Comprehensive Economic Co-operation Agreement (CECA) signed last year between India and Singapore has become a bone of ...
With disbursement in the agri sector reaching Rs 5,533 crore by January this year, or 83 per cent of the target of Rs 6,668 crore ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) has asked all insurance companies to put in place by July 1 a proper ...
Staff seek hike under existing defined benefits against a proposed defined contribution system.
RBI relaxes 51% direct holding norm.
Tussle between RBI and Monetary Authority of Singapore raises questions over CECA.
The day-two of the indefinite country wide strike at the State Bank of India (SBI) was complete in West Bengal today and also all ...
Saraswat Co-operative Bank has completed the merger of Maratha Mandir Co-operative Bank (MMCB) with itself.
This is major merger ...
ICICI Bank is launching a white label credit card in association with Loyalty Services and Research Ltd (LSRL), a company formed ...
Bidding commitment and voluntary underwriting system scrapped.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revised the ways and means advances (WMA) limits for state governments as per the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y V Reddy is expected to meet Finance Minister P Chidambaram in New Delhi tomorrow to take ...
Indefinite strike by the State Bank of India's employees and officers has resulted into non-clearence of cheques worth more than ...
Depositors of the Nagpur Mahila Nagrik Sahakari Bank have turned to God for getting the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to roll back ...
Even as the rising number of ATM (automated teller machine) related frauds has raised serious questions about the safety of bank ...
The operations of State Bank of India (SBI) remained crippled throughout the country for the second day today, but the government ...
Over 200,000 employees of the countrys largest bank, the State Bank of India, today began an indefinite strike, demanding ...
Over 200,000 employees of the countrys largest bank, the State Bank of India, today began an indefinite strike, demanding ...
Wall Street Finance Ltd is planning to open over five outlets and around 25 franchisees in Punjab in the financial year 2006-07. ...
Salaried government officials, whose salary cheques are cleared by the State Bank of India (SBI) only, have had their salary ...
Diverting from its 16 year old legacy of having zero per cent Net Non-Performance Asset (NPA), Co-operative Bank of Rajkot ...
Nearly 75,000 cheques worth Rs 120 crore are awaiting clearance at the two clearance houses of the State Bank of India (SBI) in ...
Banks have started levying annual charges on automated teller machine (ATM)-cum-debit cards ranging from Rs 50 to Rs 500.
Bankers ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) effected an increase in the interest rates for NRE term deposits with effect from April 2.
Federal Bank hiked interest rates on FCNR (B) and NRE deposits with effect from 1st April, 2006.
For NRE deposits for a period of ...
The Karnataka Vikasa Grameena Bank has recorded a growth of 22.17 per cent over last year.
The KVGB, which was the product of the ...
Beginning 2007, married non-smokers may have to pay less for motor insurance.
US-based investment banking firm, Thomas Weisel Partners Group, today launched its wholly-owned subsidiary, Thomas Weisel ...
Germany's Allianz AG saw its claims rising substantially in 2005 because of the unprecedented monsoon floods in ...
The government plans to rope in the Asian Development Bank for financing five ultra mega power plants of 4,000 Mw, each of which ...
India and China will exchange information on each others banking, insurance and the capital markets sector during the first ...
Important milestone on way towards full rupee float.Indias foreign exchange reserves are set to touch the $150-billion ...
The move is aimed at bringing in more transparency & instill a sense of fair play in such matters.

Ten of 17 offers made in the last one year are now trading at a discount to issue prices.
Important milestone on way towards full rupee float.

Allaying concerns over liquidity crunch and the mismatch in growth of deposits and credit in the banking system, Finance Minister ...
Gilt kitty valuations hit as ten-year yield ends FY06 at 7.54%.
Banks with business size of over Rs 25,000 cr - Rs 30,000 cr in the radar.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram said interest rates would remain attractive to depositors as well as borrowers, and the Reserve ...
ICICI Bank today sold its entire 8.48 per cent stake in the SK Birla group-controlled Mysore Cements to mutual funds and foreign ...
India to seek qualifying full banking status for SBI during CECA meet with Singapore on Friday.
Trade in dollar against the rupee was scanty in small centres on Thursday because the key centre, Mumbai, was closed for the Gudi ...
Fund infusion similar to buy-sell swaps, treasury dealers tell RBI.
The Reserve Bank of India will formulate guidelines for the proposed International Financial Services Centre in Mumbai and the ...
The income-tax department has sent notices to Reliance Industries (RIL) and Wockhardt to pay withholding tax on interest payments ...
RNBCs given more time to meet prudential norms.
The All India State Bank of India Staff Federation and the All India State Bank of India's Officer' Federation are jointly going ...
State Bank of India (SBI) with dual objective to enhance customer service activities and tap small and medium enterprises, ...
The All India State Bank of India Staff Federation and the All India State Bank of India's Officer' Federation are jointly going ...
Banks' treasury dealers have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to consider providing liquidity support to the banking ...
ICICI Bank has increased interest rates on FCNR deposits for all currencies, except Japanese Yen, across all maturities by 25 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is proposing to inspect the fortnightly reports on deposits filed by banks to check if there is ...
CMDs may sanction up to Rs 100 cr to single borrowers.
The government securities market witnessed sharp fall in prices following the Federal Reserve move to raise the base Fed rate by ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) and HDFC Bank today raised NRI deposits rates, a day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) increased the ...
Companies have mopped up $11.57 billion abroad in the past 10 months.
Union Bank of India has received the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) nod to open branches in Hong Kong and Doha in Qatar.
The bank ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will set the ball rolling for merger of standalone primary dealers (PDs) with the promoter banks.

Eleven commercial banks have joined the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to set up the Banking Codes and Standards Board of India ...
CARE assigns highest level rating, triple-A, to hybrid instruments.
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has unveiled online railway ticket reservation facility for its customers.
The facility is ...
The South Central Railway (SCR), Vijayawada division, and Vijaya Bank on Wednesday signed an MoU for disbursement of salaries of ...
A Rs 1.5 crore magnetic ink character recognition (MICR) cheque processing facility has been set up in Mysore.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is proposing to inspect the fortnightly reports on deposits filed by banks to check if there is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come to the rescue of the poultry industry which has been badly hit by the bird flue ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) and HDFC Bank today raised NRI deposits rates - a day after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) increased the ...
Srei Infrastructure Finance, one of the leading project and infrastructure finance company in the country, is planning an ...
The US Federal Reserve yesterday hiked the interest rates for the 15th consecutive time.
The new Federal Reserve chairman, Ben ...
Amid mounting pressure for a cut in banks' cash reserve ratio (CRR), the Reserve Bank of India today took yet another step to ...
Retail borrowers preferred over corporate clients who bargain hard over rates.

Interest rate on foreign currency deposits hiked by 25 basis points.
The revised Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill proposes to abandon the concept of deemed approval to entities hiking their stake ...
Top Silicon Valley venture capitalist (VC) Vinod Khosla, along with other social venture capitalists, Small Industries ...
Bankers today urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to deregulate interest rates on NRI deposits for improving liquidity ...
Temaseks acquisition of a 12 per cent stake in UK-based Standard Chartered PLC is unlikely to have any impact on the banks ...
The Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED) will reduce its stake in Development Credit Bank (DCB) to 10 per cent from the ...
SBI Cards, State Bank of Indias credit card subsidiary, is closing in on Citibank and hopes to surpass the foreign bank to ...
Four information technology majors, Tata Consultancy Services, Wipro, Hewlett-Packard, and IBM, are in race for state-owned Dena ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram has assured public sector banks that a compensation package for providing short-term farm credit ...
Cosmos Bank has chalked out new strategy to enter into the lucrative banking market in Rajkot by opening its own separate branch. ...
Rajkot Nagrik Sahakari Bank (RNSB), which was in limelight last week during the Income Tax cross verification, has now planned to ...
Banks have pledged Rs 1,314.85 crore under different segments of the both priority and non-priority sectors for the coming ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided that the interest rate ceiling with respect to FCNR(B) deposits be increased by 25 ...
Senior bankers and representatives of Indian Banks Association (IBA) met Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y V Reddy today, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today liberalised overseas investment norms to grant more operational flexibility to Indian ...
No RBI nod needed for exiting overseas ventures if Indian co has net worth of Rs 100cr.
The promoters of Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance have infused fresh capital of Rs 132 crore into the company taking the private ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor Rakesh Mohan today said banks could face challenges in managing liquidity if they ...
Policy could suggest further hardening of interest rates.
Kalupur Commercial Co-operative Bank (KCCB)has signed an MOU for distribution of general insurance products with Bajaj Allianz ...
Corporation Bank has raised Rs 300 crore through private placement of unsecured, redeemable, non-convertible, non-cumulative ...
Bulk drugs manufacturer Wanbury Ltd has entered into a one-time settlement of loans taken by Doctors Organic Chemicals Ltd ...
The UK-based Caledonia Investment Plc plans to invest $100-200 million in the Indian market.
This will account for approximately ...
IndusInd Bank will soon foray into commodity finance against dematerialised warehouse receipts.The bank has already ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab today sold four crore shares at Rs 24.5 per share aggregating Rs 98 crore, which it will utilise to make ...
Y V Reddy, Governof of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), will meet bankers shortly and respond to their question on 1% cut in cash ...
Rakesh Mohan, Deputy Governor of Reserver Bank of India (RBI), today said banks need to maintain statutory liquidity ratio ...
A block deal of 1,39,20,000 shares of UTI Bank was executed on the NSE at an average price of Rs 358.05 for a turnover of Rs ...
23% stake in Infosys' BPO subsidiary may fetch $140 mn.

UTI Bank and HSBC have hiked their home loan rates by 50 basis points each, effective April 1, 2006.
HSBC has hiked its mortgage ...
The retail financial sector, mainly banking, insurance, mutual funds and asset management companies, are most vulnerable to fraud ...
The Syndicate Bank has opened SyndBank Services Limited, a wholly-owned BPO unit of the bank.

Thomas Mathew T has taken charge as the new managing director for Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), replacing K Sridhar. ...
HSBC and UTI Bank will hike home loan rates by 50 basis points each w.e.f April 1, 2006.
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $2.238 billion to $146.159 billion for the week ended March 17, according to the weekly ...
The retail loan growth story continues despite rising interest rates and the liquidity squeeze being faced by banks.ICICI ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has asked all banks to dematerialise shares pledged with them as collateral to ...
McDowell and Company, countrys largest spirits firm, has fixed the price of the simultaneous offering of its maiden global ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y V Reddy today said the liquidity squeeze in the system is frictional and not because ...
All emerging markets, including India, should use part of their excess foreign exchange reserves for multilateral grant ...
The finance ministry has cleared the performance-linked incentive scheme for close to eight lakh employees of the public sector ...
C P Swarnkar, executive director of Punjab National Bank, is set to take over as the chairman and managing director of Syndicate ...
Union finance minister P Chidambaram is coming to Hyderabad on Saturday.
He would review the arrangements for the forthcoming ...
The Union government has decided to set up a panel to suggest steps for bringing more people under the financial system.
At ...
The Centre today announced its borrowing programme to raise up to Rs 89,000 crore in the first half of the financial year ...
The overall limit for corporate debt will be equally divided among all the 26 debt FIIs.
Government to table fresh Bill.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has asked all banks to dematerialise shares pledged with them as collateral to ...
The retail loan growth story continues despite rising interest rates and the liquidity squeeze being faced by banks.
All emerging markets, including India, should use part of their excess foreign exchange reserves for multilateral grant ...
A day after meeting bankers on the issue of liquidity, Finance Minister PChidambaram today said availability of lendable ...
Removing the ceiling of 200 shares on individual shareholding.The Cabinet today approved a draft amendment to the SBI ...
A five-member committee, comprising public sector private and foreign bank chairmen is set to meet RBI Governor YV Reddy next ...
Cabinet yesterday approved a draft amendment to the SBI (Subsidiary Bank) Act, 1959.

PLR hike on tight liquidity, say banks' chairmen.
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company is looking at a turnover of Rs 380 crore from the next fiscal year in Madhya Pradesh and ...
On a day when the benchmark Sensex came down by 76 points, the stocks of State Bank of India (SBI) subsidiaries shot up.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all commercial banks to submit their plan of action with regard to deployment of ...
Naina Lal Kidwai has been appointed as chief executive officer of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd, India and ...
The country's first stand-alone health insurance company, Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd, floated by a group of ...
The Mangalore-based Corporation Bank has set a target of doing a business of Rs 55,000 crore this financial year.

Naina Lal Kidwai has been appointed as the chief executive officer (CEO) and country head of the Indian operations of The ...
Wanbury, a bulk drugs manufacturing firm, has entered into a one-time settlement of loans taken by Doctors Organic Chemicals ...
On the eve of a meeting with Finance minister P Chidambaram, public sector bank chiefs held a series of meetings to evolve a ...
Srei Infrastructure Finance Limited announced today it had floated a syndicated external commercial borrowing (ECB) loan of $50 ...
Forex market
Bank of India (BoI) is considering raising hybrid Tier II capital in foreign currency under its $1 billion medium term notes ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) did not intervene in the foreign exchange market, including in the forwards market, in January.
The initial capital of the proposed bank will be Rs 345 crore.
ICICI Bank today sold its entire 6.5 per cent stake in the Kerala-based private sector South Indian Bank (SIB) for Rs 30.3 ...
Max New York Life Insurance Company Limited (MNYL), a specialist life insurance joint venture of Max India Limited and New York ...
ICICI Bank today sold its entire 6.5% stake in Kerala-based private sctor bank, South Indian Bank (SIB), for Rs 30.3 ...
Another Chinese bank, UBC, is also eyeing India.After almost two years since Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation exited ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has bought National Housing Bank's 32.89 per cent stake in BOB Housing Finance for Rs 19.24 crore.
BOB ...
Another Chinese bank, UBC, is also eyeing India.

Tata AIG Life Insurance Company Ltd (Tata AIG Life) has announced the opening of a new full service branch office at Jodhpur. ...
Cooperative banks in Dimapur and Jamshedpur will now be selling life insurance products from Birla Sun Life Insurance (BSLI).
The Allahabad Bank-led consortium, to be floated in 2007 to foray into non-life insurance business, will select by this ...
Most of the investors in the fund are from West Asia with a few from Europe.
Barclays PLC, the UK-based financial services provider, has infused $150 million in its investment banking business in India and ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank (SIB) will expand its network of branches to 450 by the end of current fiscal from the present ...
The Bank of India has come forward to give a financial assistance of Rs 200 crore to the Kakinada Special Economic Zone Limited ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has released Rs 42.95 lakh to Rural Development and ...
UK-based financial services provider Barclays Plc has infused $150 million in its investment banking business in India, and ...
RBI appoints panel to draw road map.The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today set the ball rolling on full capital account ...
Karur Vysya Bank inaugurated its Amritsar branch last week.
This is the banks second full-fledged branch in Punjab after the one ...
Most foreign bankers are impatient with the RBIs 2009 roadmap for bank consolidation, but Sir Thomas Harris, StanChart vice ...
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) proposes to raise $150 million (about Rs 660 crore) though an overseas bond issue to fund the ...
The All India State Bank of India Staff Federation and the All India State Bank of India's Officer' Federation is planning a ...
New norms to open up only equity trading.
Corporate India raised a total of $1.79 billion through external commercial borrowings (ECB) and foreign currency convertible ...
Dutch banking major, ABN Amro Bank, aims to more than double the investments made in India from its private banking assets under ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, plans to securitise 25-30 per cent of its Rs 2,48,000 crore loan ...
Demand 2.5 to 3 percentage points cushion to offer farm loans at 7%.
Banks lend funds to SMEs at high rates and share margins.
RBI appoints panel to draw road map.
A K Purwar, chairman of State Bank of India (SBI), today said the bank plans to securitise about 25-30% of the total asset ...
Bank to pare retail loans to 40% of assets.
UTI Bank has launched a drive to garner business from charitable trust segment and has drawn up elaborate plans to reach out ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), south zone, garnered a business income of Rs 2,056.82 crore during the period between ...
Hyderabad-based Cynosure Enterprises Ltd has signed an MoU with Andhra Bank for financing its e-bikes. Andhra Bank will provide a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Saturday said it needs to streamline policy instruments to ensure that overnight call money ...
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday said India needed to move towards full capital account convertibility.

The Union cabinet will issue oil bonds worth Rs 5,750 crore on Monday to subsidy-hit public sector oil companies.
Last month, Rs ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expecting fund flows from foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in the bullish Indian stock ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it needs to fine-tune policy instruments to ensure that overnight call money rates ...
Favouring a move towards fuller capital account convertibility in the context of changes in the last two decades, Prime Minister ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will release the report on currency & finance today at 5 p.m.
Foreign exchange reserves increased $773 million to $143.921 billion for the week ended March 10, 2006, according to the weekly ...
Burns says India should have waited for the US to change law; NPT unravels, says Pakistan.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved the Cosmos Co-operative Banks proposal to acquire three co-operative banks.
UTI, Central Bank and Uco raising Rs 1,750 crore.
Cosmos Co-operative Bank has received the final approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to acquire three co-operative ...
As part of its aggressive growth strategy, the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India will launch two new products, a whole ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance has tied up with five co-operative banks to increase its market in the tier II cities.
In the north, the ...
Dutch financial institution, ING group, has identified post-retirement financial planning, retail banking and life insurance as ...
ICICI Bank expects interest rates to remain stable in the near term due to sufficient liquidity.
Liquidity is not a concern, ...
Reserve Bank of Indias deputy governor, Rakesh Mohan has said the Central bank wasnt sure if the high cash balances currently ...
Banks want the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to reduce the minimum capital adequacy ratio by one percentage point to 8 per cent, ...
RBI absorbs around Rs 10,000 crore through sale of securities.
Banks in Andhra Pradesh expect to surpass the lending target of Rs 28,600 crore this year.
Till the end of February 2006, the ...
Deal size likely to be around Rs 2,000-4000 cr.

Kotak Mahindra Bank, through its subsidiaries, has entered into an agreement to purchase the 25% stake held by Goldman Sachs ...
In a move that clears the decks for 74 per cent foreign direct investment in weak private banks, the Parliamentary Standing ...
ICICI Bank plans to cover over 60 districts in 2006 and up to 200 districts in 2007.
The Central Bank of India has approached the Centre for converting part of its equity capital into other tier-I instruments such ...
Asian countries should step up their initiatives towards setting up the Asian Bond Fund and evolve innovative instruments to ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBoP), the new entity following the merger between Centurion Bank and the Bank of Punjab, will be ...
Panel also clears RBI's proposal to reduce its stake in SBI to 51%.
The shares of State Bank of India touched an all-time high today after foreign investors bought large blocks at a 15 per cent ...
The shares of State Bank of India touched an all-time high today after foreign investors bought large blocks at a 15 per cent ...
ICICI Banks third round of hike in its prime lending rate on Monday has triggered hectic parleys in other banks too, to take a ...
Shares of the State Bank of India (SBI) stock witnessed buying interest on Tuesday on the back of favourable outlook on the ...
After Hyderabad, Development Credit Bank (DCB) has launched its free style savings account (FSSA) in Gujarat.
This plan is a zero ...
IT majors Wipro Technologies and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) are in the race for the Rs 178 crore contract to provide Core ...
A number of regional rural banks (RRBs) have not complied with the requirement of cash withdrawal reporting, the Rajya Sabha was ...
Bihar government will convene a state-level bankers meet, to be addressed by union finance minister P Chidambaram, next month to ...
The government will repay investors of two securities maturing on April 10 and April 15.

The government has said it was not possible to reduce the interest rate on farm sector short-term credit below 7 per cent, ...
Icra Ltd will rate hybrid capital instruments a notch below subordinated debt, a release said Tuesday.

Wipro Technologies and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) are in the race for the Rs 178 crore contract to provide core banking ...
Public sector banks (PSBs), not famous for their risk appetite, have become active in picking up stocks from the primary market. ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest commercial bank, today increased its corporate prime lending rate by 100 basis points ...
MoneyGram International, a $970 million global money transfer company, is planning to focus on Punjab in a big way, because a ...
The central government has appointed former Punjab National Bank Chairman S S Kohli (pictured) as chairman and managing director ...
The government has exercised call option to redeem special securities worth Rs 134 crore issued to Industrial Development Bank of ...
The domestic insurance industry accounts for 10-15% of the total financial sector assets.
Very less appetite for special oil bonds as they don't have SLR status.
Yes Bank has planned to increase its lending to agriculture and food processing sector.

General insurer, Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company Limited and BASIX, a livelihood promotion institution, have announced ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest commercial bank, today increased its corporate prime lending rate by 100 basis points ...
SBI, PNB, BoI & BoB take exposures in equity mkt via IPOs and follow-on offers of India Inc.
3.9 % stake sold for Rs 48 crore.
An internal group of the Reserve Bank of India today suggested that credit assistance to non-banking finance corporations (NBFCs) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today released the draft report of the internal working group on issues relating to level playing ...
The road map for SBIs public issue is gaining momentum with the government currently evaluating the proposal to list the banks ...
Public sector Syndicate Bank has signed an MoU with CMC Ltd., a subsidiary of TCS Limited, to make the Syndicate Institute of ...
Tata AIG has launched a low premium insurance policy designed for smalland medium enterprise segments.The 'Small ...
High demand for funds from banks via certificate of deposits maturing after March, coupled with mutual funds reluctance to lock ...
Financial Software and Systems (FSS) has entered the business of acquiring merchant outlets for its member banks.
In the first ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy today ruled out speeding up the pace of external financial sector liberalisation even as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy today observed that the liquidity in the system may be under pressure in the ...
Central bank against overseas funds to feed credit spike.
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.558 billion to $143.148 billion for the week ended March 3, according to the weekly ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India, today said advance tax payments could put some pressure on liquidity in mid-March. ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planing a follow-on public offer in the second quarter of the next fiscal."The public offer ...
Syndicate Institute of Bank Management (SIBM) has signed a memorandum of understanding with CMC, a subsidiary of Tata Consultancy ...
What is FII-to-FII trading?FII-to-FII trade means when a stocks hits the FII ceiling set by companies, ...
UCO Bank will tap the debt market tomorrow for raising Rs 300 crore (Rs 200 crore main issue and Rs 100 crore greenshoe option) ...
The withdrawal of the exemption u/s 80P of the Income Tax Act, in respect of cooperative banks announced by the Union Finance ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab today received the approval from the Reserve Bank of India for preferential issue of 12.9 crore shares ...
An internal committee of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended for the removal of priority sector status to home loans ...
Insurance players often blame Insurance Development Regulatory Authority (Irda) for taking too much time to approve their ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram said state governments currently have a cash balance of over Rs 50,000 crore with the Reserve Bank ...
Outstanding certificates of deposit (CD) issued by banks reached a 15-year highsome say a historic highin January, and is ...
The income tax department has tracked down two small stocks  Dataline Finance Ltd and Fast Track Entertainment  that have been ...
Cash-strapped banks are raising FDs from the funds at 9% for three years.
Development Credit Bank (DCB) has launched Free Style savings accounts that offers a zero balance feature in savings account ...
The finance ministry has said the existing provident funds will continue to be recognised under the Income-tax Act for the ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will be launching a $1 billion energy efficiency initiative this year as a part of its effort to ...
Intel India has announced a collaboration with ICICI Bank to provide easy and affordable financing options for the purchase of IT ...
Yes Bank is all set to focus on northern India.
Of the 30 licences it has received from the RBI for branch operations, 14 will be ...
Shriram Overseas Finance has informed the exchange that the board of directors of the company approved the scheme of amalgamation ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Ltd is expecting to record a total premium income of Rs 6,000 in 2006-07.
HDFC Bank today announced a 4 per cent discount on purchase of gold bars through a gold credit card targeted exclusively to ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) expects to raise $450 million through its second infrastructure equity fund ...
The plan, as per Irda norms, will have a 3-year lock-in.
Currency options could not have been put to a better use than now.
With interest rate on rupee funds shooting up sharply in the ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today signed a memorandum of understanding with Brussels-based banking and insurance ...
The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has announced an innovative loan scheme for bus and truck operators in the state.
This ...
Online banking is spreading beyond the metros.
The latest survey by Internet and Mobile Association of India (IMAI) reveals that ...
Intel India has announced a collaboration with ICICI Bank to provide easy and affordable financing options for the purchase of IT ...
Bharti group chairman Sunil Mittal on Tuesday said the company would begin its life insurance venture with French major Axa by ...
Asian Development Bank (ADB) President Haruhiko Kuroda will be visiting India this week to review the preparations for the bank's ...
Kolkata based Allahabad Bank will be opening its first overseas representative office in Shenzhen, China, shortly.
The country's largest commercial bank, State Bank of India (SBI), will now seek direct customer feedback on the quality of ...
Australian financial and investment services provider, Macquarie Bank today opened its Indian office.
The banks global clients ...
Bob E Rubin, chairman, executive committee, Citigroup and former US treasury secretary, does not have any views on the valuation ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has set up a company to serve as a technology bank for the purpose of ...
The finance ministry Tuesday said the pressure on liquidity was partly owing to redemption of India Millennium Deposits (IMD) and ...
This has the potential of unleashing the power of commercial banking for everybody and also, as bank unions believe, that of ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram is likely to face stiff opposition from the public sector banks on the governments proposal to ...
The Grameen Foundation USA is joining hands with the ICICI Bank and the ITCOT Consulting to set up a company in India for micro ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram is likely to face stiff opposition from the public sector banking community on the government's ...
Commercial banks and regional rural banks in Haryana did better in December 2005 than in December 2004 on certain key parameters. ...
Cheaper resource raising option compared with deposits.
Indian wealth markets are expected to grow by at least 17 per cent annually for the next three years, predicted a survey ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) have jointly recommended that the finance ministry ...
Citigroup considers Indian companies lower leverage levels a bad strategy for enhancing return on equity (RoE).
Speculative grade bonds or high yield instruments in Asia may show higher tendency for defaults owing to a rise in interest rates ...
Deposit rates up 50 bps, auto loans rise 100 bps.
With the government ruling out more borrowings in March, bond traders are mixed on the direction yields may take by March 31, a ...
West Bengal-based co-operative banks have criticised the Union budget on grounds that the central Finance Minister P Chidambaram ...
Canara Bank has signed an MoU with Tata BP Solar India Limited, under which the bank will provide financial solutions to the ...
In the first instance of its kind, the governments decision on the appointment of a deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India ...
Plans put on hold include opening of new branches
and setting up of overseas branches.

ICICI Bank has increased auto loan rates by 100 basis points with effect from today, a bank official told ...
After the visit of President George W Bush lifted Indo-US ties to a higher plane, American financial services giant Citigroup is ...
Holds first-ever 3-day global investors' meet in India.
Income tax dept will not recognise excluded funds.
Information technology (IT) firms are now focusing on small and medium industrial units.
As software deployment trickles down to ...
The government is expected to save over Rs 600 crore through the recapitalisation of non-tradable special securities into ...
Banks are not happy with the tax rebate offered on fixed deposits of five years and above.
They want finance minister to lower ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has assured that it will provide ample liquidity to the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will acquire a foreign bank in two months."Discussions are on for acquiring an ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $350 million to $141.59 billion for the week ended February 24, according to the weekly ...
Dawnay, Day AV (DDAV), the Indian subsidiary of the UK-based Dawnay, Day, is rolling out its full range of financial and property ...
It has already invested about $14 mn for its payment gateway initiatives.
Banks lending to infrastructure sector rose by 52.34 per cent on to Rs 56,709 crore as on March 2005 from Rs 37,224 crore a year ...
The government is considering a proposal to permit non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to offer risk coverage to lenders of ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) plans to change its focus from refinancing to direct assistance, said N K ...
The finance ministry is likely to discuss the issue of banning participatory notes at the customary post-Budget meeting with the ...
The rupee is trading a tad firmer at 44.36/$ compared to its previous close of 44.38/$.
The State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) plans to double its business to about Rs 200 crore in Coimbatore by March 2007, according to ...
Uco Bank has the become the first bank to float a hybrid upper Tier II bond in the market.

To get into securitisation in a major way by June-July.
Share of India's global contribution declines to 4.03%.
Selective lending to reduce creation of NPAs urged.
The co-operative banks and credit societies in the Kolhapur region are perturbed by new taxation on their well being and profit, ...
Weaker co-operative banks will now have to rethink their long-term business strategies with the removal of tax benefits to the ...
Even without making any major announcement in his Union budget for 2006-07, the finance minister P Chidambaram seems to have ...
The forex market is booming in Amritsar, courtesy its international airport, which sees 44 flights a week.
Inverted yield in mart as banks raise money at 8.5%.
It wasn't expected to be a dream budget, but it was also not expected to be government bond traders nightmare.
The market is ...
The proposal to charge tax on income earned by cooperative banks has evoked strong protests.
Urban cooperative banks, state and ...
Union Budget may not have a booster dose for banks but the session in Parliament will be crucial as six important bills are to be ...
Liquidity crunch in the banking system and need for additional capital to cope with the new prudential norms of Basle II may see ...
UTi Worldwide, a global logistics and supply chain management company, has begun to increase its information technology (IT) ...
The interchange fee charged by banks from their customers for using the ATM network of other banks may shoot up by Rs 3-6. ...
The subsidiaries, associates and promoter group compannies of Kotak Mahindra Bank today sold their entire effective economic ...
FII exposure to gilts up at $2 bn
and corporate bonds at $1.5 bn.The Budget has proposed to increase foreign ...
Enhancing social justice through a variety of social sector programmes, encouraging long-term savings and as a corollary, ...
In his Budget 2006-07, the Finance Minister has built upon on a very favourable macro economic setting and the buoyancy in tax ...
The Budget seeks to rectify anomaly by abatement of interest and instalments of principal in calculating value of service.
The conversion will, however, reduce the Tier-I capital of the nationalised banks.
FII exposure to gilts up at $2 bn
and corporate bonds at $1.5 bn.
Bringing fixed deposits of not less than five years under income tax exemption limit is not enough to augment deposit ...
The rupee has slightly chanaged at 44.535/$ compared to its last close yesterday.The market awaits the Union Budget which ...
The IPO allotment scam has claimed more victims.
The Reserve Bank of India today imposed financial penalties on Industrial ...
Continuing with the process of amalgamating regional rural banks (RRBs), seven RRBs, sponsored by the Bank of Baroda, have been ...
Punjab National Bank in Punjab(South) Zone disbursed Retail Loans to the tune of Rs.486  crore up to February 15, 2005 ...
IDBI Limited said the bank has already zeroed in on the foreign player to be its partner in the proposed life insurance
Global consultancy major KPMG has been roped in as consultant for foray the new business.
Rating agency Fitch Ratings today said 2006 would see securitisation volumes decline as the market restructures and adapts to the ...
Global rating agency, Standard & Poors today said sovereign governments in Asia Pacific, including in India, are expected to ...
The Central Board of Trustees of the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has allowed the fund to use its investment ...
UCO Bank will shortly be taking final call on raising upper Tier II capital.
The Indian Bank is in talks with the Life Insurance Corporation of India to develop a low cost insurance product for the rural ...
IPO scam: HDFC Bank told to pay Rs 25 lakh, ING Rs 10 lakh
and IDBI Rs 5 lakh.
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) will take a decision on entering the health insurance sector soon.A K Shukla, chairman ...
Rupee moves up to 44.40/$
First time in the country for an infrastructure project.Modelled on the novel financing pattern of the $15-billion, ...
Liquidity crunch makes loan disbursements slow for steel projects.
First time in the country for an infrastructure project.
Bank of Maharashtra has launched two new variants of its current account schemeMahabank-Pearl & Mahabank-Sapphireaimed at ...
PSBs will also not entertain demands for information on competitive position of third parties.
HSBC today sold 7.19 per cent stake in UTI Bank for Rs 638 crore, bringing down its holding in the private bank to 4.99 per cent. ...
The bank is also mulling a mega Tier 2 bond issue in June-July 2006 to support credit growth.
As part of its global expansion ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $811 million to $141.24 billion for the week ended February 17, 2006, according to the weekly ...
UCO Bank would become the first Indian bank to raise funds via hybrid instruments after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) issued ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to raise funds through issue of domestic bonds in the next financial year.SBI ...
National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) on Thursday raised $300 million through a 10-year bond issue.
This was the first ...
Banks and housing finance companies have begun using the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of ...
Over 10 lakh bank employees, including branch managers, from 27 public sector and private banks will go on a one-day strike on ...
Banks and financial institutions (FIs) expect Finance Minister P Chidambaram to announce incentives to boost infrastructure ...
Banks find high level of non-performing assets (NPAs) a deterrent in following the governments diktat to increase lending to ...
Industrial Development Bank of India Ltd (IDBI) expects to recruit 700 officers in the next few months.

The Indian Banks Association has held talks with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for dematerialisation of fixed deposits (FDs). ...
Krishak Bharati Cooperative Ltd (Kribhco), major producer of fertilisers in the cooperative sector, has selected Bajaj Allianz ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) proposes to hive off the responsibility of primary auction of gilts to the Clearing Corporation ...
Claiming 300 per cent growth in business in the current fiscal in Punjab, Bajaj Allianz Life Assurance will open at least eight ...
The rupee is trading slightly stronger at 44.60/$ compared to its Wednesday's close of 44.65/$.
State Bank of India (SBI), Visakhapatnam zone, plans to sanction loans to the tune of Rs 330 crore through its newly-initiated ...
UBS, one of the top five Swiss banks, could set up a centre at Kolkata for its global back-office jobs after it gets banking ...
Banks' credit growth rate to small scale industries (SSIs) have fallen during March-September, a Reserve Bank of India data said. ...
High credit off-take versus slow growth in bank deposits has led to a rise in issuance of certificate of deposits by banks ahead ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to extend the BS7799 certification that it received for its data centre in Mumbai and ...
Deutsche Banks wealth management division has $250 billion of assets under management and is advising its clients to invest 3-5 ...
Spending by international visitors to India on their Visa card has increased by 25 per cent year-on-year to Rs 1,680 crore ($372 ...
We have submitted revival proposals to the government and RBI: V P Shetty.
The impact of bird flu is going to be felt by banks who have extended credit to the poultry industry in Navapur.
The exposure of ...
The rupee has slipped 10% to 44.48/$ compared to its last close of 44.43/$ yesterday.
State Bank of India today announced it was discontinuing fixed-rate home loans for above 10 years in view of uncertainties on ...
To stop fixed rate home loans for above 10 yrs.
Domestic small and medium enterprises have demanded single window clearances, easier availability of finance at cheaper interest ...
State Bank of India (SBI) plans to increase the share of SME lending to 50 per cent of its total advances from the current 20 per ...
The Bangalore-based public sector Canara Bank intends to raise an aggregate Rs 300 crore with an option to retain ...
UCO Bank expects to raise Rs 450 crore by April 2006 through debt, including perpetual bonds.
UCO Bank seems to be the first bank ...
PFs oppose steel major's move to opt for SBI guarantee
for bonds instead of central guarantee.
To encourage small-scale industries to maintain quality, the Chandigarh circle (including Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Himachal ...
Bank of India has raised domestic rupee term deposits rates by 25 basis points across various maturities.
The move is aimed to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today announced the discontinuance of fixed rate home loans for tenures above 10 years in view of ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today revised its home loan rates by 50-75 basis points (bps) across maturities.According to a ...
The rupee is unchanged in morning trade at 44.38/$.
Life Insurance Corporation of India will open four satellite sampark branches in the Visakhapatnam division during the next ...
LIC Housing Finance expects to reduce its level of gross non-performing assets from 4.6 per cent recorded on 31 December 2005 to ...
The Central Board of Trustees (CBoT), the countrys biggest provident fund, is unlikely to step up investments in government ...
With competition in life insurance intensifying as new players are entering the fray, the players already in operation are ...
Allahabad Bank has zeroed in on three foreign insurance companies as potential partners for its general insurance foray.
The countrys largest commercial bank State Bank of India (SBI) today said it will review lending rates only after the Union ...
ICICI Bank has finalised a co-operation agreement with Munich-based BayernLB.
The agreement aims at extending synergies across ...
Kotak Mahindra Prime has acquired the entire retail auto finance portfolio from Ford Credit Kotak Mahindra Private (Ford Credit ...
Public sector banks (PSBs), in a recent meeting with finance minister P Chidambaram, have made a commitment that fresh addition ...
According to the data on mutual fund holdings for January, banks account for as high as 10.14 per cent of the total holdings of ...
Gilt yields likely to decline by 3 basis points on Monday.
Net NPAs have declined by around Rs 10,000cr between 2000-01 and 2004-05.
Development Credit Bank (DCB) has filed the draft red herring prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will review lending rates only after the budget."We will wait till the budget
to review the lending ...
ICICI Bank and Munich-based BayernLB have signed an agreement to co-operate across various areas, namely treasury, capital ...
The rupee has firmed up in morning trades and is now at 44.42/$. The rupee had ended at 44.47/$ on Friday.
Kotak Mahindra Bank is seeking to double its branch network in the next year and its business in 3-5 years.
It currently has 52 ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) is planning to raise nearly $200 million through external commercial ...
State Bank of India (SBI) became the first Indian bank in China to get approval to start normal banking operations."We ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $452 million to $140.429 billion for the week ended February 10, 2006, according to the ...
The Maharashtra government has decided to reduce stamp duty on all loan agreements to 0.1 per cent from 0.25 per cent it had ...
The Maharashtra government has decided to reduce stamp duty on all loan agreements to 0.1 per cent from 0.25 per cent it had ...
The mobilisation of funds by corporates and institutions through bonds rose by 42 per cent, to Rs 47,599 crore in the first nine ...
The Securities Trading Corporation of India (STCI), a primary dealer, is working on plans to convert itself into a holding ...
IBA is conducting a survey in collaboration with Aptivaa Consultants.
The rupee continued its downward journey and is now down at 44.42/$. Yesterday the rupee had closed at 44.35/$.
Banks asked to maintain CTR, STR.
Indian Banks' Association (IBA), in consultation with member banks, is preparing a draft code of banking practices tailored for ...
In a daring daylight heist that lasted for 42 minutes, robbers made away with Rs 22.84 lakh from the Punjab National Bank branch ...
IDBI Capital Market Services Ltd, a 100 per cent subsidiary of Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), is planning to build ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has signed an agreement with Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) to enhance funding to ...
Rating agency Crisil has said the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) guidelines on capital treatment for credit enhancements in ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Thursday indicated the government may not immediately go ahead with its scheduled borrowing of ...
South Indian Bank has set the cut-off price for shares to be alloted under the follow-on public offer (FPO) at Rs 66 per ...
The rupee touched a low of 44.32/$, and is now quoted at 44.29/$ compared to its previous close of 44.27/$.
Para-banking arm cannot invest in group firms from April.Sahara India Financial Corporation is required to call back its ...
Bank employees to get incentives based on performance in five key areas.Heads of 29 public sector banks are set to get a ...
Bank employees to get incentives based on performance in five key areas.

Para-banking arm cannot invest in group firms from April.

GE Money, the US-based GE group's financial services arm, is still weighing the route it will take for launching full-fledged ...
Corporate India raised close to $1.5 billion through external commercial borrowings (ECB) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...
Paid-up capital of CDL comes to around Rs 2.74 cr, authorised capital at Rs 7.24 cr.
The board of United Bank of India (UBI) had cleared the proposal for raising Rs 300 crore Tier II capital.
Tata Sons and State Bank of Indias (SBI) subsidiary, SBI Cards, today launched the countrys first white label credit card, with ...
Auditors scanning records of co-operative banks should be made responsible for lapses on part of these banks, according to Vinay ...
As liquidity concerns deepen ahead of the Rs 5,000 crore government borrowing scheduled in the next one week, Mumbai Inter Bank ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) has received approval from the Reserve Bank of India for issuing preferential shares.
The price band of the follow-on public issue by Union Bank of India upto 45 million equity share of Rs 10 each has been fixed ...
ICICI Bank today hiked its corporate lending rate for the second time in 40 days.
The countrys second largest bank raised its ...
The consortium led by Allahabad Bank for entering the non-life insurance business is likely to start with an initial capital base ...
The recent spot dollar demand by state-owned banks on behalf of the Reserve Bank of India is unlikely to cause any unusual spike ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) inspections have revealed that Ganesh Bank of Kurundwad, which is under moratorium from January ...
For the first time in its history rating agency Icra has witnessed upgrades exceeding downgrades in 2005.
Mumbai-based private sector bank, Development Credit Bank (DCB), plans to raise about Rs 300 crore through initial public offer ...
ICICI Bank is planning to raise $300 million through a commercial paper programme in the United States.

Board approves proposal to buy Bharat Overseas shares at Rs 155 per share.
Justice K Shridhar Rao of Karnataka High Court has called upon the insurance companies and banks to work towards providing the ...
Proposal under review to help banks keep pace with credit growth.
The board of directors of Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), which met today, approved a proposal to buy shares of Bharat Overseas Bank ...
Education loans at Rs 8,000 crore, sticky assets touch 6-8 per cent.Students seem to be giving bankers a run for their ...
Education loans at Rs 8,000 crore, sticky assets touch 6-8 per cent.
Having tapped the self-help groups (SHGs) market in the rural areas, the Union Bank of India is now looking at increasing its ...
Deposits of Vijaya Banks Vijayawada region, comprising 39 branches in 10 districts from Srikakulam to Chittoor, rose to Rs ...
Asian Development Bank (ADB) has evinced interest in picking up stake in SMERA, a newly formed small and medium enterprise rating ...
D Ravishankar (pictured), former executive director of Crisil, has now taken charge as managing director, risk solutions ...
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services (MMFSL) plans to foray into the housing finance business through a new arm.
Baader to have total funds base of 90 million euros.
There is some hectic activity happening on the Canara Bank stock after a prolonged underperformance for the last six months.

In what Punjab National Bank in Gujarat has planned to complete its centralised banking solutions (CBS) 100 per cent by June ...
Promoter of Dewan Housing Finance Ltd (DHFL), the Wadhawan family, is planning to diversify into food and beverage retail ...
SBI card today launched a co-branded card in association with leading retail chain Vishal Mega Mart to tap the booming organised ...
State-owned LIC is hopeful to achieve an asset base of Rs 5 lakh crore by the end of this fiscal.This was stated by Atul Kumar ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) has announced its price band for its forthcoming follow-on public issue.

IDBI, ICICI Bank, REC and PFC have failed to launce tax saving bonds.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to investigate funding provided by them in the last three years for purchase of ...
The Japanese haven't just developed a yen for Indian equities  they have a matching hunger for Indian debt paper as well.

Banks asked to send report to RBI and place it before audit panels.
Public sector Syndicate Bank is planning to step up its branch network to 2001 including a branch in London by the end of this ...
The countrys largest insurer Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India grew business by 40 per cent fuelling 51 per cent growth ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has tightened norms for banks fixing the interest rates on NRI (non-resident Indians) deposits.
Borrowers adding names of co-applicants to avail of a higher loan amounts.
United Bank of India (UBI) has revised the interest rates on Foreign Currency Non-Resident (FNCR) deposits and Non Resident ...
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) raised Yen 23 billion (approximately $ 168 million) by issuing 5-year Samurai bonds ...
Non-Banking Financial Corporations (NBFCs) that are not accepting deposits from the public and doing business with their own ...
Deutsche Bank Chairman Joseph Ackermann today arrived in India on a two-day visit, his first after the bank launched its retail ...
The Pune- based Cosmos Co-operative Bank Ltd is to expand its presence in Gujarat through series of merger and acquisition.
The ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) would formulate a corporate governance code for the insurance companies to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has referred the seven banks fined for their role in the recent initial public offering (IPO) ...
Mumbai-based Shyamrao Vitthal Cooperative Bank has shown interest in reviving Nagpur Mahila Nagari Sahakari Bank and extended a ...
Joseph Ackermann, chairman of Germany-based Deutsche Bank, arrived in India today on a two-day visit - his first after the bank ...
Tennis star Sania Mirza will be appointed the brand ambassador by Deutsche Bank, which started its India operations some time ...
LICHFL Care Homes Limited, a subsidiary of Life Insurance Corporation Housing Finance Limited (LICHFL), has embarked on the ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) will this month recommend to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to re-introduce the system of ...
State Bank of India (SBI) was looking at more overseas acquisition in developing countries, T S Bhattacharya, managing director, ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second biggest mortgage lender, has decided to increase interest rates on home loans by 50 basis points ...
As EMIs get flexible, you may choose to alter the payment quantity and schedule.
Rating agency Crisil today reported a 36 per cent increase in its net profit in the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 to Rs ...
The price band of the forthcoming public issue of South Indian Bank has been fixed between Rs 60 and Rs 66.
Addressing a press ...
Non-banking finance Companies (NBFCs) today sought abolition of service tax on the interest element in lease and hire purchase ...
HDFC Standard Life Insurance Companys has reported a 150 per cent increase in its first year premium income at Rs 599 crore in ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank inaugurated two branches today, one each in Mohali and Panchkula.

ICICI Bank is planning to increase its home loan rates by 50 basis points "anytime before the end of the current ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning more overseas acquistions, and some buy-outs were already in the pipeline.Speaking ...
Crisil has placed the Rs 700 crore certificate of deposit programme of IndusInd Bank, which has a rating of P1+, under rating ...
The board of directors of South Indian Bank, which met today, finalised a price band of Rs 60-66 per share for the public offer ...
India's first vertical transportation consultancy sees great opportunities in the infrastructure boom.
SBI will use NGOs to extend micro credit to Self Help Groups in Gujarat.
Global rating agency Moodys Investors Service today upgraded Reliance Industries Ltds rating to BAA2 from BAA3, reflecting a ...
India and Pakistan have posted the highest gains among developing Asia-Pacific equity markets, posting much stronger returns than ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today set a cut-off yield of 7.38 per cent (Rs 100.60) at the auction of 7.46 per cent government ...
Impact on ICICI Bank will be minimal because of huge capital base.

State Bank of India, the country's largest commercial bank, plans to set up 42 more branches overseas, a bank official said ...
UCO Bank and SME Rating Agency Limited (Smera) forged a strategic alliance for leveraging the strengths of the two institutions ...
South Indian Bank, like most other banks in the country, has been plagued with the problem of mobilising low cost deposits.

Domestic companies will continue to borrow from global markets despite rising US interest rates as overseas rates are still ...
Allied Digital Services has bagged a $1 million contract from the ICICI Bank group, under which the IT solutions company will ...
Urge depositors to invest in mutual funds.
Chennai-Indian Overseas Bank will hold its board meeting on February 14 to consider a proposal to take over Bharat Overseas Bank ...
Banks can consider export credit rates
lesser than ceiling rates.

Over 2,500 delegates are expected to take part in the four-day Asian Development Banks (ADB) 39th annual meeting to be held for ...
City Union Bank (CUB) reported a 26 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 12.43 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005, ...
Global rating agency, Standard and Poors expects debt issuance by state governments in India to decline to about Rs 1,12,800 ...
To lessen interest burden on ultimate small borrowers.
The twin auctions of government bonds worth Rs 6,000 crore tomorrow are expected to see active bidding despite the tight ...
South Indian Bank will tap the capital market with a follow-on public offer of equity shares to raise about Rs 150 crore to ...
State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has decided to form a subsidiary to impart training in insurance - life and non-life ...
Higher deposit rates may have lured bank customers to shift from demand deposits
to term deposits.

To submit its report to the government by Feb-end.
South Indian Bank (SIB) is planning to hit the capital market with a follow-on public offer of equity shares to raise about Rs ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has earned Rs 3,700 crore profit from investment operations, equity and debt markets, ...
Allahabad Bank has revised interest rate on foreign currency non resident (FCNR) deposits upwards with effect from February 1, ...
The state government has agreed to reduce the stamp duty on loans by 15 basis points from 25 basis points on demand of banks and ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $37 million to $139.481 billion for the week ended January 27, according to the weekly ...
India Infoline is foraying into merchant and investment banking services, with the focus mainly on small and mid-cap companies.
Habib Bank, National Bank of Pakistan apply for licences.

We do not require additional capital now: M V Nair.

Most banks, active in securitisation of loan assets, have put off their plans to sell some standard assets as the Reserve Bank of ...
Karnataka Bank expects to increase its marketshare from the present 0.6 per cent to 1 per cent of the banking industry in the ...
Global ratings major, Standard & Poors today announced that the net loss of Rs 583 crore reported by Indian Oil Corporation ...
The State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has revised interest rates on domestic term deposits with effect from February 2, 2006.

Finance minister P Chidambaram will meet chiefs of public sector banks on Monday in the run-up to the budget.
Among other things, ...
Net interest margins of the bank are not under pressure: Cherian Varghese
Shriram Holdings (Madras), a part of the leading financial services conglomerate Shriram group, today approved the sale of 49 per ...
Banks must provide 100% deduction of credit enhancement from capital.
Union Bank of India (UBI) today said that its follow-on public issue will open on February 15.The issue, comprising 4.5 ...
Anil Ambani-controlled Reliance Capital has received regulatory approval to change the name of AMP Sanmar Life Insurance to ...
According to recent trends in the insurance sector, companies are now looking to tap the vast, mostly untapped markets in the ...
ABN Amro throws open its Bancafe space to the imagination of its customers.
Development Credit Bank Limited (DCB), one of the emerging private sector banks in the country, launched 'Free Style Savings ...
The volumes in the government securities market have shrunk since the reverse repo rate hike on January 24, as banks are holding ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is all set to launch venture and private equity funds as part of its plan to become a ...
Bank recovers Rs 290 cr by selling mortgaged properties.
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) Bank today raised its interest rates on housing loans and other retail lending ...
Western Union, the worldwide leader in money transfer services and the Bank of Maharashtra (BoM), has entered into a strategic ...
IDBI today hiked retail lending rates by 25 basis points.Announcing the hike here, V P Shetty, chairman of IDBI, said the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has not yet taken any decision on hiking home loan rates.T S Bhattacharya, MD of SBI, said the ...
ICICI Bank today said it will decide whether to increase home loan rates or not after watching the impact on cost of ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) today raised home loan rates by 50 basis points across all segments.
The new rates ...
Bidders for UTI Securities are expected to put in their financial and technical bids by 11 am on Wednesday and the name of the ...
Sending out a warning to life insurers, the Insurance Regulatory Authority of India (IRDA) has strictly advised insurance ...
Canara Bank has increased the interest rates on its domestic term deposits with effect from February 1.
The additional interest ...
Mangalore-based leading private sector bank Karnataka Bank has announced revision of domestic term deposit rates from February 1 ...
Rising interest rates coupled with tight interbank liquidity are expected to keep forward dollar/rupee premiums firm till ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today ruled out lifting of the cap on investments by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering asking banks to adopt the broad principles of international accounting standards ...
The countrys leading rating agency Crisil said banks would manage the systemic impact on home loan portfolios and also on their ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will issue the final guidelines on securitisation in a day or two.
The move is aimed at ensuring ...
Kanbay, a US-based financial services company providing end-to-end solutions for credit cards, insurance, banking and investment ...
About 90 trucks of dry fruits being imported by Indian traders from Afghanistan, worth around Rs 50 crore, got stranded on the ...
Iffco-Tokio General Insurance Co Ltd (ITGI) has achieved 280 per cent growth in Rajasthan in 2005-06. The state in 2004-05 ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) today raised home loan rates by 50 basis points across all segments.
The new rates ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will issue guidelines on securitisation of standard assets on Thursday.The draft guidelines ...
Indian Bank plans to target 2 million customers with its newly launched global Visa credit card.
HSBC today introduced a MyHome loan product that allows borrowers to set a lower equated monthly instalment (EMI) that needs not ...
To grab a big fee earning opportunity, leading credit card issuers are adding a total of 1.2 lakh point-of-sale (POS) terminals ...
The Supreme Court today dismissed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Federal Banks petition challenging the Bombay High Courts ...
In what will be the first for a banking group, Industrial Development Bank of Indias (IDBI) has firmed up plans to enter into ...
The bank, however, has no plans to increase lending rates for now.
The government should focus on recovery of non-performing assets (NPA) of public sectors banks (PSBs), enhance tax collection and ...
Peerless General Finance and Investment Company (PGFI), one of the largest NBFC's in the country is hoping to surpass the ...
Lower provisioning helped 32 listed banks to clock an aggregate 40 per cent growth in net profit during the quarter ended ...
Iffco-Tokio General Insurance company (ITGI) has announced its dis-association with Krishak Bharathi Cooperative Ltd (KRIBHCO) ...
Pune-based Bank of Maharashtra has chalked out a national expansion plan and is looking forward to opening new branches in the ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today warned it will come hard on life insurance companies selling ...
Karnataka Bank has registered a net profit of Rs 125.02 crore for the third quarter ended December 2005 as compared with Rs ...
State-owned Punjab National Bank said its net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2005, rose 18 per cent at Rs 370 crore ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today reported a 17.87% increase in net profit at Rs 370.44 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
Even four weeks after the retirement of State Bank of India Managing Director K Ashok Kini, the government has not been able to ...
Liquidity is likely to remain under stress for major part of this week, say bond market players.
There is also no direct ...
Yogesh Agarwal or OP Bhatt are the top contenders.

State Bank of Indias (SBI) net profit in the third quarter ended December 2005 increased marginally by 1.44 per cent to Rs ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today reported a 9% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,466 crore for the third quarter ended ...
India, Thailand agree on PSU bank's presence in Bangkok.Bharat Overseas Bank is set to be merged with Indian Overseas ...
India, Thailand agree on PSU bank's presence in Bangkok.

Andhra Bank reported 5.76 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 128.86 crore for the third quarter ended December 2005 as compared ...
Bank of Baroda has posted 190.9 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 202.18 crore for the third quarter ended December 2005 as ...
Prudential ICICI Mutual Fund on Friday tied up with Bank of Rajasthan for marketing its schemes.
The bank will sell schemes
to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today formally granted non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and micro-finance institutions ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has hiked the interest rates it charges on provision of refinance to banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today permitted foreign institutional investors (FIIs) and non-resident Indians (NRIs) to ...
Banks avail of arbitrage offered by lower CBLO rates.
The much talked about monorial-based mass rapid transit system project might be built at last.
The Japan Bank for International ...
Andhra Bank today reported a 5.76% increase in net profit at Rs 128.86 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 as against ...
Bank of Baroda today reported a 190% increase in net profit at Rs 202.18 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 as ...
The board of directors of South Indian Bank will meet on February 8, 2006 to consider and finalise the price band and related ...
As part of the centenary celebrations, the Bangalore-based Canara Bank has announced an initiative to select and award the best ...
Indian Overseas Bank has posted 22.34 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 197.22 crore for the third quarter ended December 2005 ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), tainted by the IPO allotment scam, has withdrawn the powers delegated to branches to sanction loans ...
Indian Bank has taken an equity stake in the PNB Principal Company Insurance Advisory and PNB Principal Financial Planners Ltd.
In 1942, Christopher Columbus, the legendary Italian explorer, sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to discover India but landed up ...
The proposed natural catastrophe pool for domestic general insurance players may not be in place in time to cushion these ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Finance Corporation(APSFC) today signed an MoU with Bank of India(BoI) to ensure better credit flow to ...
But RBI rejects 182-day t-bill bids.
Brokers, however, say medium term outlook remains good.
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today reported a 22.3% increase in net profit at Rs 197.22 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
Repo rate hiked to 6.5%; GDP target raised from 7-7.5% to 7.5-8%. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today increased the ...
LIC Housing Finance Ltd has posted 40 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 58.65 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
Union Bank of India reported 287.81 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 229.08 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005, ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) posted net profit of Rs 119.30 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005, ...
Allahabad Bank reported 40.84 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 224.30 crore for the third quarter ended December 2005 as ...
Market expectations met
Reacting to the monetary policy announced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), leading industry chambers have said a further cut ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will issue guidelines for banks to raise capital through innovative instruments within the next ...
RBI continues to take preemptive steps of hiking repo and reverse repo by 25 basis points to prevent any unpleasant spikes in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has taken a bold step by hiking the repo and reverse repo rate by 25 basis points to 5.5 % and ...
Reversals in assets such as gold, equity may trigger contractionary effects: RBI.
Extracts from the statement by Y Venugopal Reddy, Governor, Reserve Bank of India on the Third Quarter Review of ...
The yields on government bonds today rose by as much as 24 basis points (bp) soon after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised ...
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday allowed the revival of CRB Capital Markets Ltd which had duped 1.34 lakh small investors and many ...
To encourage saving habit among students, private sector Catholic Syrian Bank today announced launching of a new 'students ...
Banks are bracing up for another round of increase in deposit and lending rates following the hike in the reverse repo rate.

Repo rate hiked to 6.5%; GDP target raised from 7-7.5% to 7.5-8%.
Terming the hike in repo rates by the Reserve Bank of India today as "pre-emptive action," finance minister P Chidambaram said ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today increased the fixed reverse repo and repo rates by 0.25% to 5.50% and 6.50%, respectively, ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is planning to increase deposit rates by 25bps with effect from January 27, 2006 or February 1, 2006, but is ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said itwas not systemic failure but inadequate checks and balances ...
Following are the highlights of the third quarter review of the monetary policy, 2005-06 announced by RBI today.* 2005-06 ...
Allahabad Bank today reported 40.8% increase in net profit at Rs 224.30 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 from ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today reported a net profit of Rs 119.30 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
Corporation Bank today reported a 29% decline in net profit at Rs 115.07 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 as ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today kept the Bank Rate and cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged, but hiked the repo and reverse repo ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today slapped fines ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 20 lakh on seven banks for their role in the ...
Profit margins, selling prices, imports and employment generation was expected to improve during January-March 2006 over ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce reported an increase of 12.31 per cent in its net profit to Rs 143.42 crore for the quarter ended ...
The State Bank of India (SBI), Andhra Pradesh circle, is expecting a growth of 140 per cent in deposits this fiscal.

Companies that are promoted by partnerships would be one of the emerging segments that Indian insurance agents would tap in the ...
Canara Bank has posted 30 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 356.2 crore for the third quarter ended December 2005 as against ...
Credit rating agency Fitch Ratings has expressed concern on the corporate governance practices of family-controlled old ...
Around 10 lakh bank employees across the country would observe a day's strike on March 9, to demand restoration of appointments ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would take up steps to strengthen cooperative credit system run by state government and its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to allow multi-state co-operative societies engaged in manufacturing activity to ...
Bank stocks were sluggish on Monday, on the eve of the Reserve Bank of Indias quarterly review of monetary policy.

The robust credit offtake coupled with a lag in deposit growth forced banks to take recourse to financial instruments such as ...
Dena Bank today unveiled its first central processing centre in Mumbai.
The state-owned bank plans to roll out similar processing ...
State Bank of Mysores net profit increased by 15.18 per cent to Rs 39.59 crore for the quarter ended December 2005 against Rs ...
The Jammu and Kashmir Banks net profit declined by 29.59 per cent to Rs 50.65 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 ...
The Delhi High Court today dismissed United India Insurance Companys petition seeking to quash its earlier order asking the ...
Profit margins, selling prices, imports and employment generation was expected to improve during January-March 2006 over ...
Also prohibits banks from crediting a/c-payee cheques to any other person.
The pricing committee of Bank of Baroda (BoB) has has decided to allot shares of Rs 10 each at Rs 230 per share aggregating to Rs ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce today reported a 12% increase in net profit at Rs 143.42 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Canara Bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at Rs 356.29 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 when ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank today reported a 29.59% decline in net profit at Rs 50.65 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's today downgraded Vedanta Resources Plcs long-term foreign currency and senior ...
Vijaya Bank reported 5.62 per cent rise in its third quarter net profit at Rs 58.80 crore, from Rs 55.67 crore in the year-ago ...
Bank of India posted 90.72 per cent rise in its third quarter net profit at Rs 143.1 crore against Rs 75.07 crore in the same ...
Issues and insights
Commercial banks' retail loan portfolio, which includes home and car loans, almost doubled in the two years ended March 2005.
The ...
The banking community feels that the Reserve Bank of India may not raise the key signal rates in the quarterly review of the ...
Bank of India today reported a 90.72% increase in net profit at Rs 143.10 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 as ...
Vijaya Bank today reported a 5.62% increase in net profit at Rs 58.80 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 as ...
Commercial banks are working overtime to close savings and current accounts held in fictitious names, to which the demat accounts ...
Buoyed by a surge in retail loans and non-operating income, countrys largest private sector bank  ICICI Bank  today reported ...
Nearly 60,000-70,000 benami bank accounts are being closed.
Interest rates in the Indian financial system are likely to move up in tandem with the hardening of rates in the global financial ...
State Bank of India Chairman A K Purwar says the current level of credit growth sometimes gives him "sleepless nights" as it ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd (IDFC) has posted a 11.33 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 89.4 crore for the ...
Banks should increase the flow of credit to the small and tiny sector, Devaki Muthukrishnan, regional director, RBI, said at the ...
BANKERSPEAK: Cherian Varghese Chairman & MD, Union Bank of India
Some foreign banks in India are likely to broadbase their branch network in the next financial year to include smaller towns.
IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance Company Ltd.
(ITGI), has ended its association with Krishak Bharathi Cooperative Ltd.
(KRIBHCO) for ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Private Limited has tied up with yet another cooperative bank, Nutan Nagrik Sahakari Bank ...
ICICI Bank today reported a 23.64% increase in net profit at Rs 640.08 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 when ...
The Bank of India (BoI) is planning to issue one lakh ATM-enabled Kisan Credit Cards by the end of this fiscal.

About 642 regional rural banks (RRBs) sponsored by the State Bank of India (SBI) and the State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) in the ...
Banks opt for cheaper option to raise funds as overnight rates harden.
Genome, the fertility clinic of Bhagirathi Neotia Woman & Child Care Centre (BNWCCC) set up in association with Herzilya ...
The Cosmos Co-operative Bank is planning to acquire five banks this year.
The bankers are in close talks with three banks from ...
Global rating agency, Standard & Poors today said the ratings of commercial banks in Asia-Pacific would remain stable.

Dena Bank will expand its officer/managerial cadre by nearly 17 per cent in the next one year.
The board has approved a plan to ...
Zia Mody (pictured), a leading expert in corporate law, has been appointed as a non-executive director of the UK-based Hongkong ...
Reserve Bank of India will soon form a small group comprising representatives from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of ...
ICICI Bank, on completion of the price stabilisation period, has exercised in full the greenshoe option of Rs 750 crore in its ...
Collecting information for giving a final shape to its report on IPO scam.
Imprisonment of up to five years stares IPO scamsters in the face.
Commercial banks involved in the scam will be penalised by the ...
ING Vysya Bank has tied up with Euronet Services India Pvt Ltd, a leading electronic payments provider, to open 200 Self Bank ...
Bank of Maharashtra (BOM) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) for the ...
Syndicate bank has registered a net profit of Rs 187.88 crore for the quarter ended December 2005 as against a net loss of Rs ...
New-generation private sector bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, reported a 71 per cent rise in its net profit for the quarter ended ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) today reported a 20.53 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 284.52 crore for the ...
Dena Bank's quarterly net profit grew by a whopping 263 per cent at Rs 83.18 crore for the period ended December 31, 2005, from ...
The 30 per cent growth in credit offtake that the country is seeing is unsustainable as it could lead to concerns about loans ...
With a large part of the potato crop in Uttar Pradesh destroyed by frost in January, insurance companies are now moving in to ...
Bank of Rajasthan will issue shares on rights basis in 1:5 ratio at Rs 50 per share.According to a release issued by the ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank's net profit for the third quarter ended December 2005 soared 71% to Rs 32.64 crore from Rs 19.10 crore in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked commercial banks to apply Basel II capital adequacy norms on a consolidated basis to ...
Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank has signed an MoU with Bajaj Allianz for its foray into the life insurance business.

The Visakhapatnam Co-operative Bank (VCB), the second largest co-operative urban bank in Andhra Pradesh, is targeting to achieve ...
Eastern Zone of Punjab National Bank (PNB) will now be handling its West Bengal operation only as Orissa and North East's ...
Aluva-based Federal Bank has posted 496.50 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 71.64 crore for the quarter ended December 31, ...
In the last one month, banks have raised over Rs 8,000 crore of Tier-II capital to shore up their capital adequacy and to meet ...
Dena Bank chairman and managing director M V Nair will take over as CMD of Union Bank of India on April 1 after its present CMD ...
SBI Capital Markets, the investment banking arm of State Bank of India (SBI), is entering into mezzanine financing segment.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would be setting up the National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) - aimed at taking over all ...
Domestic banks need to practice faith banking in the rural areas by not asking for collateral.
This will help increase rural ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has announced an upward revision for its business growth target for 2005-06 following its new ...
Yes Bank, an emerging private bank in India, has entered Uttaranchal to tap the potential of floriculture sector which needs to ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance is expected to sign an MoU with the Punjab government shortly for a health insurance scheme for ...
Federal Bank has reported a six-fold jump in its Q3 bottom line.
According to a release issued by the bank to the BSE, the net ...
Iffco Tokio General Insurance Company (ITGI), a joint venture promoted by the Indian Farmers Fertiliser Co-operative and its ...
Although bank shares have been laggards on the exchanges, it could be a blessing in disguise for retail investors eyeing a ...
The Nashik Merchants Co-operative Bank (Namco Bank) has sought Rs 200 crore soft loan from the state government for merging ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to bring up to 20,000 branches under Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) coverage by June ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with IL&FS Investsmart Ltd (IIL) for offering equity ...
The Indian government is not uncomfortable with the current interest rate scenario as it is within a tolerable threshold, a ...
Bankers have admitted that lapses at bank branches that led to manipulation of IPO allotments, have completely undermined the ...
IndusInd Banks quarterly net profit fell by 36.12 per cent at Rs 27.37 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 as against ...
After ICICI Bank hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) for corporates, the countrys largest bank, State Bank of India ...
Visa International, having garnered a lions share of the electronic payment system in India, is in talks with the Union ...
Visa and MasterCard, the global payment service providers, are pushing banks to adopt a new technology standard through a ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) working group today called for a hands-off approach from the government when it comes to running ...
Acquirer allowed to use brand name for two years.
Cost of loans for govt not rising as fast.
Fed clearances delayed for SBI, ICICI Bank.
IndusInd Bank today reported a 36% decline in net profit at Rs 27.37 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 as ...
Stops move to pay cash incentives for achieving defined targets.
The price band for Andhra Banks follow-on public issue of equity shares of Rs 10 each for cash has been fixed at Rs 82 to Rs 90. ...
Chidambaram sees systemic deficiency in IPO scam.

ICICI Lombard became the first private player to cross Rs 1,000 crore in premium collection even as the general insurance ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net sellers in the cash and derivatives markets on January 12.
They sold shares worth ...
Innovation is driving ICICI Bank's success on foreign soil.
First Canada and now its the UK.
The country's second largest bank ...
UTI Banks quarterly net profit jumped a modest 30.21 per cent to Rs 131.71 crore for the period ended December 31, 2005, as ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $2.146 billion to $139.352 billion for the week ended January 6, according to the weekly ...
UTI Bank today reported a 30.21% increase in net profit at Rs 131.71 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 as ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has fixed a price band of Rs 210-230 for its follow-on public offer of 7.1 crore shares, which is scheduled ...
The agricultural loan business of Punjab National Bank (PNB) in Tamil Nadu was hit hard by the floods the state experienced ...
Icra Ltd, the countrys second largest rating agency, is drawing up plans for its initial public offer (IPO). After Crisil Ltd, ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, has become the first to raise the benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) amid ...
Centurion Bank of Punjabs net profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 stood at Rs 23.27 crore.

Some old private banks seem to have taken a leaf out of moneylenders books by financing small and medium enterprises (SMEs) at ...
Rs 100 cr capital requirement drives PNB, BOB, IOB and others to look for partnerships.
Yes Bank, a new private bank in India, is very bullish on the developmental prospects in Uttaranchal.

Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd (TEIL), one of the leading sugar and engineered-to-order mechanical equipment ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has projected Rs 18,427 crore for institutional credit flow in ...
After opening three branches in Chandigarh, Phagwara and Kapurthala, Kotak Mahindra Bank recently announced concentrating on ...
Deal likely in the next few months.

Citibank an Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company today launched a co-branded credit card that will offer exclusive general ...
A group of investors led by entrepreneur and politician, Vijay Kalantri, has pitched for acquiring a combined 35 per cent stake ...
The Bank of Baroda is planning to set up low-cost ATMs in rural areas in the country in association with the Indian Institute of ...
Over the past couple of months, banks have rolled out no-frills accounts, which need either nil or low minimum balances.

IndusInd Bank is planning to expand its product portfolio in the retail finance and vehicle finance segments in rural areas.
For ...
As on March 2005, it stood at 30.8 per cent.
The National Housing Bank (NHB) and Bank of Baroda were yet to reach an agreement over the valuation of BOB Housing Finance Ltd. ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) expects to merge its subsidiary BOB Housing Finance with itself in the current financial year as both ...
Life insurance companies premium income from new business rose 105 per cent in November to Rs 2,841 crore from Rs 1,386 crore a ...
The public issue of Union Bank of India is expected to hit capital markets in the fourth quarter itself, said Chairman and ...
HDFC Bank, the countrys second largest private sector bank, today reported a 31.28 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 224 ...
Banks forced to exhaust refinance facilities.
HDFC Bank today reported a 31.28% increase in net profit at Rs 224.40 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 as ...
Marching beyond the confines of vanilla savings accounts, new-generation private banks such as HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank have ...
The central government is planning to revive land development banks within three months to provide loans to the farmers for ...
Bank of India (BOI) will invest around Rs 150 crore for core banking system (CBS) across the country in 750 branches out of its ...
Remit2India, which provides online money transfer services, has announced the launch of additional services for NRIs ranging from ...
Rising global interest rates have slowed down India Incs overseas borrowing programme.
According to the Reserve bank of India ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) will hit the capital market with its follow-on issue for 7.1 crore equity shares of Rs 10 each public offer ...
Yes Bank today reported a net profit of Rs 14.50 crore in the October-December quarter of 2005.
In the corresponding period of ...
Satara-based United Western bank has received the Securities and Exchange Board of Indias (SEBI) nod for its proposed rights ...
Federal Bank is looking to amalgamate Ganesh Bank of Kurundwad (GBK) with itself.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today made ...
The World Bank has given an in-principal approval to the $250-million National Agricultural Innovation Project (NAIP) to be ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today placed in public domain a draft scheme of amalgamation of Ganesh Bank of Kurundwad with Federal ...
The follow-on public issue of Bank of Baroda is scheduled to open on January 16, 2006.
The bank will issue 7.1 crore ...
Yes Bank today reported a net profit of Rs 14.50 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2005 as against a loss of Rs 33 ...
The Bank of Rajasthan has entered Himachal Pradesh by opening its first branch in this resort town here.
A leading German securities trading house, Baader Wertpapierhandelsbank AG, is acquiring 9.99 per cent stake in Ahmedabad-based ...
The ailing private sector Ganesh Bank of Kurundwad (GBK), based in Kolhapur, has been put under moratorium by the Reserve Bank of ...
A huge dent caused by the redemption of India Millennium Deposits (IMDs) has forced the State Bank of India (SBI) to follow the ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has handed over a sticky loan account of its former managing director, Y Radhakrishnan, to the ...
Indian Bank will provide banking services under the national pilot project for financial inclusion (NPPFI), to 46 of the132 ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today announced interest rate hikes between 25-50 bps on domestic term deposits.According to an ...
DBS Bank Ltd has informed that they have acquired 1,41,70,125 shares aggregating 37.34 per cent of the total paid up capital of ...
Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) will invest about Rs 100 crore in its information technology initiative in the next two ...
Corporation Bank has introduced a No Frills savings bank account with zero balance facility.

Karnataka Bank Limited plans to take the number of its own ATMs to 100 by March 2006.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planing to come up with a transparent policy in the next fiscal year to deal with demat ...
IDBI Bank is raising costly money to fund its expansion plans.
At present it is raising non-convertible debentures of five and ...
Sell combined 30% stake to Canada-based parent.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said that stringent action would be taken against those involved in the opening of bank ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $6.844 billion to $137.206 billion on December 30, 2005 from $144.05 billion in the previous ...
i-flex solutions and Wipro Infotech will implement i-flex's core banking solution - Flexcube - in Lakshmi Vilas ...
Engineering and construction major Larsen & Toubro (L&T) has launched a $100 million foreign currency convertible bonds ...
UTI Bank plans to raise up to $1 billion through medium-term notes to fund its global operations from Singapore.
The Chennai-based Indian Bank (IB), a wholly government owned bank, wants to be part of Gujarat's economic prosperity and ...
Andhra Bank will hit the capital market with its follow-on public issue of 8.5 crore fresh shares to raise around Rs 850 crore to ...
The International Finance Corporation (IFC), the private sector arm of the World Bank, on Thursday said it will invest $600,000 ...
The soft interest rate regime is now over with the rates on government securities likely to harden for at least two years, ...
State Bank of India Chairman A K Purwar said today that short-term interest rates were under upward pressure.
The pressure
on ...
Bank looking at a suitable interest rate to raise tier-II capital.

State Bank of India (SBI) is expected to retain about 15% of the $7.3 billion that is being repaid to NRI investors of India ...
Andhra Bank is tapping the capital market with a follow-on public issue of 8.5 crore equity shares for meeting Basel-II norms and ...
UTI Bank is planning to raise up to $1 billion through medium term notes (MTNs) to fund lobal operations."We cannot give ...
Banks, particularly public sector banks, are pointing fingers at concurrent auditors for failing to detect any wrong-doing at ...
The Andhra Pradesh Urban and Town Co-operative Banks Associations (APUTCBA) 10th conference will be held in Visakhapatnam on ...
State-run general insurers' staff clinch a bumper wage deal.
Over 35 per cent of the $967 million raised overseas in November 2005 was used for refinancing of old debt, according to data ...
For the first time in the Indian securitisation market, a multiple-asset pool has witnessed an upgrade to the AAA level from ...
The Hindujas-promoted IndusInd Banks profit in the third and fourth quarters of 2005-06 is likely to fall from a year ago, said ...
The spot rupee, which touched a high of 44.76 in early morning deals, was traded at 44.86/87 per dollar in late morning deals. ...
Uttam Galva Steels (UGSL), the countrys second largest galvanised steel manufacturer, today announced a three- year unsecured ...
The Reserve Bank of India-sponsored National Financial Switch (NFS) has formed a steering group of four member banks to decide on ...
The Asset Reconstruction Co of India Ltd (Arcil) has given a return of 29 per cent in less than one year to investors in security ...
Possibly because of focusing on small and medium enterprises and the farm sector, the deposits of banks have gone down by 0.72 ...
Some private life insurance companies can be hard-pressed for capital to keep pace with business growth.
An annual growth
of ...
Banks come together to curb undercutting.
Banks in Gujarat have notched more claims than private policy holders during the last nine months, according to Export Credit ...
Bobcards Ltd, the credit card arm of Bank of Baroda (BoB), is eyeing annual growth rate 60 per cent over the next five years. ...
Bank of Baroda has raised interest rates on its domestic term deposits and non-resident rupee accounts by 25 basis points from ...
State-owned IDBI Ltd today signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) ...
Companies raised Rs 1,61,725 cr through equity & debt.

Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) today signed a memorandum of ...
With just three days to go for submitting expressions of interest for the governments 8 per cent stake in Maruti Udyog Ltd, the ...
State Bank Group recently announced completion of 100 per cent Core Banking in all 424 branches of State Bank of Saurashtra.
Vijaya Bank has said it has implemented the core banking solutions (CBS) in 307 branches across the country and will try to touch ...
Though debt returns are nothing to write home, traditional small saving schemes still offer attractive options for the ...
HDFC Chubb General Insurance is foraying into specialised liability insurance business with a product for mid-sized companies. ...
The joint venture company, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited is going to offer cashless treatment to its customers ...
Vijaya Bank, on Friday, said it has implemented the core banking solutions (CBS) in 307 branches across the country and will try ...
Indian Overseas Bank aims to introduce no-frills account in 60 per cent of its 1,500 branches in rural areas.
Addressing a ...
Banks in West Bengal disbursed Rs 3871 crore under state annual credit plan for 2005-06 during the first six months of the ...
The Peerless General Finance & Investment Company (PGFIC), one of the largest non banking finance company in India, is ...
The sharp reduction in transaction charges for using ATMs on the RBI-sponsored National Financial Switch (NFS) is being reviewed ...
Figure in the first half already 2.38 times that of 2004-05.
The Chandigarh zone of the Central Bank of India (which includes Punjab, Haryana, Jammu & Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, and ...
Punjab National Bank will soon release a booklet of information regarding various bank schemes to facilitate its customers.

ING Vysya Life is planning to tap markets of Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh to clock a premium income of Rs 14 crore next year. ...
Indian insurance companies are expected to spend Rs 1,800 crore in deploying information technology (IT) tools compared with ...
Soon after the government issued guidelines to introduce no frills accounts for poor sections of the society who were not able ...
Bajaj Auto on Thursday announced a strategic national tie-up with the Union Bank of India to offer loans for its two-wheeler ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority has rejected the insurers demand for relaxation of guidelines for corporate agent ...
The Surat Peoples Co-operative Bank, the country's first registered co-operative bank, has forayed into general insurance.

State Bank of India (SBI) is going to acquire two more overseas banks in near future.

The Karnatak Vikas Grameena Bank has introduced a deposit scheme called Suvidha Flexi Deposit on the eve of 2006.

Taib Bank, a West Asian financial institution, is directing its focus on the real estate sector in India.
The firm, which has ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Financial Corporation (APSFC) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Andhra Bank and State ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed that banks planning to enter the primary dealership (PD) business need to have ...
Several banks have launched 'no-frills' accounts in the recent weeks in response to the Reserve Bank of India's call of social ...
Union Bank of India plans to raise Rs 500 crore through a follow-on public issue of equity shares before the the end of February ...
The shrinking interest rate gap between the US and India has resulted in foreign institutional investors (FIIs) investments in ...
Total outgo: Rs 33,000 cr; call money rate rises to 7%.
Union Bank of India is planning to come up with a follow-on public offer of 4.5 crore
shares to raise Rs 500 crore."The ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India today said the short-term interest rates were not under pressure and the recent ...
ING Vysya Bank has developed a scientific rating tool to assess credit worthiness of companies in the small and medium ...
The mutual fund industry is unhappy with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authoritys (Irda) new norms for Unit Linked ...
Bank buys $5.07bn at a price lower than when it sold IMD proceeds in 2000.
The Reserve Bank of India-sponsored National Financial Switch (NFS), a common platform to ensure inter-connectivity of ATM ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the third consecutive day today injected a large amount of liquidity into the banking system, ...
Standard Chartered Bank increased the fixed interest rate on home loans by 50 basis points to 11.5 per cent from 11 per cent, ...
State Bank of India today hinted at an upward revision in the interest rates on all retail loans.
In earlier days a policyholder would never appear to be concerned about where his premium gets invested.
Life Insurance ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today sold $5.107 billion to State Bank of India (SBI) for the redemption of India Millenium Deposits ...
On the eve of the redemption of India Millennium Deposits (IMDs) of $7.3 billion by NRIs, finance minister P Chidambaram today ...
Existing corporate agent licences that come up for renewal will now be able to use the services of professionals not having ...
Banks argue commissions not fee.
RBI moots one-time settlement for small borrowers.
ICICI Bank today sold 4.80 per cent stake in Federal Bank for slightly over Rs 51 crore.
According to data available from the ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance plans to augment its capital base to meet the growing requirements of its life insurance business.
After ...
Taib Bank has emerged as the largest lead foreign investor in the $153 million Leverage India Fund anchored by IL&FS ...
State Bank of India chairman A K Purwar today said the bank would benefit from India Millennium Deposit (IMD) redemption in ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) has joined hands with Visa International to launch international credit card operation.
With the liquidity crunch continuing for the second consecutive day, the Reserve Bank of India today pumped in more than Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India is focusing on research and analysis of the productivity trends in India on a continuous basis, Y V ...
ICICI Bank today sold 31,50,000 shares of Federal Bank in a price band of Rs 170-176 per share.According to data on the ...
Pumps in record Rs 17,680 crore in a single-day into the domestic banking system.
Now you can buy an insurance policy covering your home, vehicle or a journey, sitting in the cosy confines of your home, at the ...
LIC Housing to provide loans against security of liquid assets.
IDBI plans to enter commodity market soon.

Banks seem to have hit pay dirt in spiralling gold prices.
With the yellow metal prices
climbing unprecedented heights, banks ...
Rating agency CARE today downgraded the rating for United Western Banks Rs 114.70 crore Tier-II subordinate bond issues from ...
India-dedicated funds have been top draw among Asian emerging market funds in 2005.
According to Massachusetts-based Emerging ...
Bank of Rajasthan has raised Rs 70 crore through unsecured subordinated bonds to shore up its capital adequacy ratio (CAR) and ...
Banks are raising certificate of deposits (CDs) to meet their credit requirement amid a cash crunch situation.
A few banks have ...
The Reserve Bank of India today announced a revised banking ombudsman scheme.
The new scheme
will include customer complaints on ...
Union Bank of India has hiked the interest rates on domestic term deposits by 25-75 basis points across different maturity ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has injected back into the system nearly Rs 20,700 crore through unwinding of market ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab is looking for acquisitions to increaseits presence in the domestic market."Acquisition is ...
Basking in the uninterrupted glory of 14,000 branches across the country, the State Bank of India Group is seeking to focus more ...
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Limited has introduced a new product - SB-Sugama - in the backdrop of Reserve Bank of Indias ...
The public sector banks have disbursed Rs 6,744 crore during the first seven months of current fiscal 2005-06 as against the ...
The Maharashtra governments stamp duty ruling on loan agreements has started pinching small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the ...
ABN Amro Bank has outsourced its entire automated teller machine (ATM) operations in the country to ATM services provider, ...
Credit rating agency Fitch Ratings today announced the launch of issuer ratings in the country.
Fitch has become the first to ...
While only 11.6% customers access net banking, 10% use phone banking services.

ABM Amro Bank will outsource the operations of its existing network of 90 automated teller machines (ATMs) to electronic payments ...
Canara Bank will be investing Rs 200 crore in bringing 1,000 of its total 2,520 branches across the country under the core ...
Laser Soft Infosystems Ltd has implemented its lightest core banking solution under the brand name Panacea successfully in ...
Life insurers want the government to provide differential tax treatment to long-term savings, now that the insurance regulator ...
Citibank has launched a 5% cash back home loan scheme which offers borrowers an additional loan amounting to 5 per cent of the ...
The UTI Bank wants to ride high on the special economic zone (SEZ) bandwagon.
It has joined hands with Reliance Industries Ltd ...
Bima Nivesh, Jeevan Akshay to offer higher returns.
Annual premium linked to minimum sum assured.
New generation ATM machines are knocking the doors of customers where cheques deposited through ATMs would be automatically ...
Only Indian Bank, Andhra Bank, Corporation Bank promoting jewellery loansBanks cash in on every possible opportunity for ...
The South Indian Bank has inaugurated its core banking solutions (CBS) enabled branch at Thriuvankulam near Kochi.
The bank is ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is planning to forge an alliance with the four state-owned general insurance ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will pay India Millennium Deposit (IMD) holders from the proceeds of treasury bills maturing in the ...
The resources-starved state governments are latching on to every avenue for boosting revenues.
Recent reports talked about ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) today issued today guidelines to insurers in respect of design of products ...
One-year funds being raised at 7% via CDs.
Factoring services, a financial alternative to meet the post-sales working capital requirement of various industries, have not ...
Forex market
ABN Amro will begin its retail equity broking operations in 24 locations within the next two months under its institutional ...
To hire 500 people, invest $250 million.
To reinsure the risks underwritten by Infinity Film Completion Services.
To consolidate its position and strengthen its branch network in northern India, UTI Bank today said it was planning to add 15 ...
The Indian rupee ended weaker at 45.25/$ per dollar compared to its yesterday's close of 45.05/$.
To consolidate its position and strengthen its branch-network in northern India, R K Bammi, senior vice president (northern zone) ...
IDBI Bank is poised to acquire a bank that has a network of 1,000-1,200 branches and a good overseas presence.
IDBI Bank is in ...
70 firms raised a record $4.59 billion via the FCCB route.

Impressive show by two state-run insurers - New India Assurance and United India Insurance - along with aggressive growth of ...
Indias gross domestic savings (GDS) rate is expected to increase to around 32 per cent in the next three-five years vis-a-vis ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has no plans to increase lending rates now, despite an upward movement in interest rates and signs of ...
ICICI Bank has earmarked nearly Rs 1,200 crore of the proceeds from its recent public issue for its life insurance venture, ICICI ...
It's raining rewards on credit card holders, thanks to the ongoing festive season.
Banks are today cashing in on the fact that ...
In the event of death, the insurance company pays the sum assured directly to the bank.
Net inflows of foreign institutional investors (FIIs) crossed the $10-billion mark today.According to data released on ...
With the insurance products becoming more and more innovative, Kotak Life Insurance and CNBC TV 18 have launched investor ...
SUTI (UTI-1) is likely to identify a buyer for UTI Securities, a financial intermediary services company by December 30.
Currency basket for REER index revised.

Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited, the leading private general insurance company is insuring the third test match ...
Shriram Life Insurance, a joint venture between Chennai-based Shriram Group and Sanlam Life Insurance Limited of South Africa, is ...
Ruling out acquisition of ailing financial institutions Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) and Industrial Investment ...
Taking cognisance of Securities Exchange Board of Indias (Sebi) reference to alleged irregularities in allocation of Yes Banks ...
In India's first auction of bad loans, StanChart Bank bought out NPAs comprising 310 firms.

RBI had earlier said IMD redemption would be made from Forex reserves.

Foreign exchange reserves moved up $845 million to $143.943 billion for the week ended December 9, 2005, according to the weekly ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said redemption of the $7.3 billion India Millennium Deposit (IMD) ...
The Mangalore-based public sector bank, Corporation Bank, expects credit offtake to rise some 28 per cent this year.
This is on ...
Arranges Rs 1,170 crore for Gangavaram Port.
The current market situation signals stable interest rate regime said K V Kamath, managing director and CEO, ICICI Bank.

Slight tightness in liquidity is taking its toll on the Rs 35,000 crore of daily put and call loans given by banks to corporates. ...
With many families packing their bags and leaving to warmer places for the winter from this popular resort town of Himachal ...
The rupee today rose to a three-week high at 45.7350/7450 a dollar against the previous close of 46.08 backed by a weak dollar in ...
The South Indian Bank (SIB) will expand its network outside Kerala, said V A Joseph, chairman and chief executive officer.
SIB ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company today launched FamilyGain insurance plan offering a fund option with investment norms ...
Unit-linked insurance plans (ULIPs) have caught the fancy of investors in urban centres.
These not only provided life cover, but ...
Everyone says interest rates
are rising.
This is true even for deposit rates.
So does that mean bank deposits could now be a ...
Bankers beware!
Now you could be pulled up for defamation if you hound customers for payment of dues and end up coughing up huge ...
Embarking on a major global expansion, India's insurance monolith Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India will soon finalise ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to stipulate that a portion of the collateral provided by a bank for its ...
Central Bank of India is planning to raise up to Rs 500 crore through issue of subordinated bonds before March 2006 to increase ...
The redemption of $5.5 billion of India Millennium Deposits (IMDs) will result in an outflow of Rs 33,000 crore from the banking ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed private and foreign banks to treat their investments in inter-bank participatory ...
Co-operative banks in Punjab had provided agricultural loans worth Rs 6,666.10 crore during the financial year 2004-05 and earned ...
A civil court today ordered Standard Chartered Bank (StanChart) to pay "exemplary" damages of Rs 2.5 lakh to Vinay Kumar Sood who ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) will finalise joint ventures (JVs) for Saudi Arabia, Mauritius and Nigeria soon, and is also ...
ULIPs major contributor to private life insurers' 26%-plus market share.
To reduce the turnaround time in retail banking, Dena Bank is planning to adopt hub and spoke model in ten major cities of India. ...
Bank of India expects to redeploy 2,500 of its employees in marketing initiatives as the core banking solutions (CBS) will be ...
The securitisation markets dependence on mutual funds is waning with the emergence of public sector banks (PSBs) as investors.
The government seems to be in no hurry to push through the public sector banks (PSBs) request for capital infusion and financial ...
The Export Development Canada (EDC), Canadas exim bank, is planning to finance up to $600 million of import by Indian companies ...
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Rakesh Mohan on Monday said he did not see any liquidity crunch in the system and that the ...
Rakesh Mohan, Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said he expects the average annual inflation to come down to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) may end up paying a little less in rupee terms when the $5.5-billion five-year India millennium ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $921 million to $143.098 billion during the week ended December 2, 2005, according to the ...
The defunct Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank Limited (MMCB) on Friday conducted another round of auctions of properties ...
Public sector Canara Bank, which is celebrating its centenary year, aims to achieve a 50 per cent jump in its home loan sanctions ...
IFFCO-Tokio General Insurance Company (ITGI) will shortly be making an additional capital infusion to the tune of Rs 120 crore.
HDFC will launch its global realty fund of Rs 1,000 crore in the first quarter of 2006-07. The international fund will enable non ...
Exempted provident fund (PF) trusts of corporates such as the Tata group, Hindustan Lever and some infotech majors will breath ...
The Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB) is planning to introduce online banking facility.
The bank, which has 10 branches in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to exempt state cooperative banks (SCBs) and regional rural banks (RRBs) from having ...
Dutch banking major ABN Amro Bank has decided to foray into retail brokerage services by February.
Announcing the decision, the ...
Introduction of the negotiated dealing system (NDS) has rung the death knell for about 50 per cent of the debt brokerage houses ...
CP and CD rates have gone up by one percentage point.
The Mumbai-headquartered Dena Bank has identified agriculture sector as its growth engine and is in process of launching new ...
ING-Vysya Life Insurance Company today opened its branch in Jalandhar and targeted doubling its turnover with 100 per cent ...
A wedding insurance cover for L N Mittal!
You might wonder, but it is true indeed.
The steel barons daughter Vanisha, in June ...
For domestic investors, issue price will be Rs 498.75 a share.
The Tata group is teaming up with the countrys largest commercial bank, State Bank of India, to launch its credit card  ...
Corporate India raised $611.27 million through the external commercial borrowings (ECB) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in a draft guideline has said banks would require its prior approval for outsourcing services ...
The Export and Import Bank (Exim Bank) of India has proposed three funds to upgrade the agro export infrastructure - especially ...
General insurers are looking to up the marketing pitch for Directors & Officers (D&O) liability cover as India Inc ...
Limit on unsecured advances linked to bank grades.
ICICI Bank has priced the public issue of equity shares in the domesctic market at Rs 525 per equity share.According to a ...
The finance ministry has finalised a Rs 14,500-crore package spread over three years for restructuring co-operative banks.
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has set up a 12,000 square feet data centre in Navi Mumbai, to function as a ...
Private bankers want to tap a new section of consumers  sportspersons.
While private banking for sportspersons
is a $70-billion ...
ABN-amroBank, together with the conservation action trust (CAT), has started an environment education initiative for schools in ...
The defunct Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) is planning to auction properties of defaulters to recover dues.

Karnataka Bank Limited has revised the interest rates on FCNR (B) deposits for various maturities, from December 2.

State-run Bank of India (BoI) today announced a 25-50 basis points (bps) hike in domestic rupee term deposit rates.
The rates
are ...
Centurion Bank of Punjabs (CBoP) proposed public issue, via which it aims to raise over Rs 400 crore, is likely in early ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has applied to the government of India for adjusting its accumulated losses against its capital ...
Although debt markets continue to grapple over a likely liquidity squeeze near the month-end, Amitabh Mohanty, head of fixed ...
Retail response poor - only 50% subscriptions received.
It was November 14 - the Childrens Day.
Little Saahil got an exotic gift from his parents on the occasion.
No, not a computer, ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the government is watching the rupee movement against the US dollar and is in constant ...
K C Chakrabarty, chairman and managing director of Indian Bank, said that capital base restructuring is inevitable for the bank ...
ICICI Banks $500 million American depository shares (ADS) issue has been subscribed six times the issue size.

The Delhi High Court has come down heavily on willful loan defaulters, who in the guise of borrowing money, siphon off funds to ...
Accumulated and goodwill losses to be written off against securities premium account.

The finance ministry has charted out a seven-point agenda for banks to get ready for the stringent Basel-II norms by March ...
Export Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) and Hyderabad-based Basix, a livelihood promotion institution, have announced a tie-up ...
The Vijayawada division of State Bank of India, with 187 branches covering Krishna, Guntur and West Godavari districts, has ...
Manipal-based public sector bank Syndicate Bank aims to achieve Rs 200 crore of turnover from its bancassurance business in ...
Indian Bank expects to sell about three lakh insurance policies and garner an income of Rs 25 lakh from premium in the next six ...
It is a move which loan defaulters fear the most and which is being pushed aggressively by All India Bank Employees Association ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has made Know Your Customer (KYC) guidelines applicable to authorised money changers
. The ...
A senior official of Bharat Overseas Bank today said it was considering a merger with a small bank.
Banks such as Federal Bank ...
Hyderabad-based Weather Risk Management Services is setting up a community health insurance fund.
It is in talks with ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, for the first time since its inception in December 2000, has failed to record the highest ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $4 million to $142.177 billion for the week ended November 25, according to the weekly ...
The spot rupee dropped to 46.21 per dollar in noon deals as against the morning level of 46.11 per dollar, and the previous close ...
Believe RBI will raise policy rates.
The Tata Group and ICICI Bank are soon going to launch their loyalty cards.

An internal group of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended grant of licences for restricted foreign exchange dealers.
SG Private Banking, the French private banking major with euro 57.5 billion of client assets under management, has launched its ...
Bank of India (BoI) today hinted at an increase in short-term lending rates for corporates, soon after the redemption of $5.5 ...
Central Bank of India is drawing up plans to reduce its gross non-performing assets (NPAs) to 1 per cent from the current 8.4 per ...
The Hyderabad-based Andhra Bank has filed for its follow-on public offer for 8.5 crore new equity shares to raise nearly Rs 800 ...
ICICI Bank wants foreign direct investment (FDI) in insurance to be raised to the promised 49 per cent so that it can free up a ...
Only 2-3% of purchases qualify for credit cards' schemes.
Co-operative banks in Uttaranchal would extend loans to farmers for buying tractors and power tillers at a nominal interest rate ...
The increased credit flow to the farm sector seems to be multiplying the woes of bankers in the face of poor recovery rate. ...
Centurion Bank of Punjab today reported a net profit of Rs 20.90 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2005.

Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBP) today decided to raise Rs 800 crore of capital through a combination of preferential allotment and ...
Public sector insurers are now eyeing the aviation sector as a new line of business following the emergence of low-cost carriers ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, today launched its Rs 1,000 crore subordinated bond issue to shore up its ...
IFFCO-Tokio General Insurance Co has launched a marine liability insurance product called Sagar Bandhu Bima. The new policy ...
Bank of Baroda (BOB) launched a central processing cell (CPC) at its regional office in Hyderabad on Monday.

AnandRathi, a leading financial securities group, opened its Andhra Pradesh regional office in Hyderabad on Monday.

Expressing concern over the talent migration due to attractive pay packages being offered by foreign and retail banking ...
National Insurance company Ltd (NIC) recorded 93.41 per cent growth in profit before tax at Rs 141.21 crore in 2004-05 as ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kicked off its second liquidity adjustment facility (SLAF) today to better manage temporary money ...
Bank of Baroda is planning to invest $7-8 million in its proposed subsidiary in Trinidad and Tobago as part of its global ...
Minimum capital requirement likely to be Rs 50cr.
US insurance cover can help trim overseas debt cost.

Maharashtra co-operation minister Patangrao Kadam has said ten out of 35 urban cooperative banks in Vidarbha were in the red and ...
In a bid to undertake general insurance business as a corporate agent the Karnataka Vikasa Grameena Bank (KVGB) has signed a ...
Deutsche Bank has taken the organic growth route in India with the opening of retail banking in the country.
Come January 2006, Indians working abroad will be able to take advantage of an insurance product that will cover their treatment ...
Kochi-based Peninsular Capital Market Limited, an investment and financial services provider, is planning to expand its ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is planning to start a separate subsidiary for health insurance products in joint ...
HSBC Holdings chairman Sir John Bond on Friday said that the group is planning to increase its investment in India.
MONEY MARKETS
The board of directors of Corporation Bank, which met today,  has recommended an interim dividend of 35% for ...
Standard & Poors Ratings Services on Friday raised the long-term foreign and local currency issuer credit ratings for Power ...
Liquidity is returning to normalcy in the banking system on the back of the government spending and resumption of foreign ...
HSBC has forayed into the business of providing advisory services on succession planning for businessmen, as part of its private ...
Global corporate and investment banking major, Calyon Bank has injected additional capital of $100 million in its Indian ...
Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) has posted a net profit of Rs 4.98 crore during the six month period (H1) ended September 30.
ICICI Bank will focus on international operations, at the same time, emphasising on rural banking and retail financing in India ...
Two new schemes aimed at women members of self-help groups and self-employed technicians  AB Surya Shakti scheme and AB Power ...
After investing $150 million this year, HSBC is willing to step upinvestments in India as it expects the economy to sustain ...
Yes Bank will foray into retail banking in the fourth quarter of the current fiscal by offering personal loans and advances ...
UTI Bank biggest player in loan syndication mkt, and has 3rd largest ATM network in India.

The sale of UTI Securities is expected to be finalised by December end.
"About 10-11 players have shown interest for buying UTI ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest bank, on Thursday said it will give a 5 per cent discount to retail investors on the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it could initiate cross-border co-ordination for supervision of financial ...
The net interest margin (NIM) of scheduled commercial banks increased for the third year in succession in 2004-05 to 2.93 per ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has pointed out that the high growth in non-deposit resources of banks such as net owned funds ...
The financials and profitability of domestic banks are now comparable with global benchmarks, according to the Reserve Bank of ...
The financial health of urban cooperative banks (UCBs) turned worse in 2004-05 on the back of increased gross non-performing ...
Over 60 per cent of banks total outstanding advances above Rs 2 lakh were at rates below prime lending rates (PLRs) of banks.

ICICI Bank's follow-up public issue of Rs 5,000 crore is scheduled to open on December 01, 2005.As per a release issued ...
Whenever you go in for a life insurance cover (except a moneyback policy) make it a point to avail of the personal accident cover ...
6.75% for short-term, 9% for long term.
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation (DHFL) is on the lookout for portfolio acquisitions worth Rs 100 crore
to Rs 150 crore.
After Tata Steel and Infosys, the Mukesh Ambani-controlled Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has been rated above the sovereign by ...
London-based financial services and real estate major Dawnay, Day is planning to offer Islamic banking services in the country. ...
Pitching for hike in FDI cap from 26 to 49 per cent, insurance regulator Irda on Wednesday said it will soon submit a report to ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is mulling a scheme or an insurance pool to cover automobiles that ...
Bank of India (BoI), one of the largest public sector banks in the country, is expanding its domestic and overseas operations, ...
HSBC is planning to hire 3,000 people in its data processing centre at Salt Lake in Kolkata.

With the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) having no objection, leading mutual funds including UTI AMC are now ...
New-age private bank Yes Bank will raise Rs 200 crore in tier II capital this fiscal including Rs 100 crore from Asian ...
ABN Amro Bank, US-based Grameen Foundation and Dutch funding agencies, Cordaid and Nowip, are joining hands to build ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed banks to issue credit cards to individuals with no independent means of income.

Last year, the daily average surplus funds of the banking system was over Rs 34,600 crore.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) used ...
Syndicate Bank, the Manipal-based public sector bank on Monday said it will set up a subsidiary for providing business process ...
Itz Cash Card, a multi-utility prepaid card from Intrex India Limited, will now be available at post offices across Andhra ...
While the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Irda) has come out with a roadmap on detariffing, there is ...
Forex market
The international liabilities and assets of banks in India increased during the quarter ended March 2005.
The liabilities ...
Internet and mobile phones are set to give banking a whole new face.
Internet banking (I-banking) and mobile banking (M-banking) ...
To provide completion bond that guarantees facilitates flow of finance from banks.
Syndicate Bank is planning to set up a subsidiary for providing business process outsourcing (BPO) services.According to ...
Mangalore-based public sector Corporation Bank has increased the interest rate offered on NRE term deposits with effect from ...
The cheque truncation process, which involves online transmission of credit instantaneously, would be introduced by April 2006, ...
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance has tied up with WorldCare, a player in the development and distribution of global e-health ...
Interest rates will remain stable in the medium term, according to K V Kamath, managing director and CEO, ICICI Bank.
Inflation ...
After the recent round of promotions at RBI for the post of deputy governor and executive directors, the Central bank is now busy ...
Pune-based Cash Tech, a cash management solutions provider, is planning to sell its TC Remit to banks and financial entities in ...
FM's appeal not to dampen investment climate touches right chord.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said large public sector banks should look at acquiring smaller banks to kick off ...
The Chandigarh-based Nectar Lifesciences (NecLife) plans to raise about Rs 230 crore ($50 million) through foreign currency ...
City Union Bank Ltd (CUB), in partnership with AMP Sanmar Life Insurance Co Ltd, has formed Reliance Life Insurance to launch a ...
The Murugappa Groups deal with Singapores DBS to bring the latter as an equal partner into the groups non-banking financial ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed restructuring of debt of wilful defaulters, other than those involved in frauds or ...
Institution has also suggested Rs 1,000 cr liquidation as an alternative.
In 2004-05, 100 top firms accounted for 91 per cent of the corporate deposits with banks.
Of this 100 companies, 27 public sector ...
The finance ministry is set to approve a scheme for writing off Indian Banks accumulated losses of Rs 3,830 crore against its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed banks to pay higher interest on repatriable non-resident external (NRE) rupee ...
UTI AMC today became a private company, as its four sponsors paid Rs 1,236.95 crore to the government."UTI AMC will ...
India's foreign exchange (forex) reserves declined by $ 310 million for the week ended on 11 November.According to the ...
The board of directors of Indiabulls Financial Services, which met today, has approved the proposed buy back  of equity ...
One hundred and forty-eight employees of the beleagured Nashik Peoples Co-operative Bank have opted for voluntary retirement ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) will invest about $ 300 million in another 3-5 years in pharmaceutical, biotech and ...
The Canara Bank, established in Mangalore in 1906 will celebrate founders day at the T M A Pai International Convention Centre ...
Britain-based non-life insurer roped in as partner.
Global Trade Finance (GTF), the only provider of international and domestic factoring and forfaiting services under one roof, has ...
Finally, there are indications of standalone health insurance companies establishing their presence in India by forking out a ...
In a press release issued today the Puri-group controlled Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) stated that the bank would float an initial ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to re-enter Pakistan, where it had a presence before 1965.
The bank is also looking at ...
The Rs 375-crore Andhra Pradesh development bonds raised by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on behalf of the state government ...
Following in the footsteps of information technology major Infosys, Indias second largest commercial bank ICICI Bank will have a ...
Ad hoc incentives set to be allowed for directors.
The Indian rupee ended slightly stronger at 45.75/76 per dollar compared to its previous close of 45.777/78. The rupee had ...
ICICI bank is planning to come out with Rs 7,000 crore domestic and overseas issues, this calendar year to fund its growth plans, ...
Banks will soon start offering 'no-frills' savings accounts, and it's good news for customers who are either averse to or not ...
Indian Bank plans to pick up a stake in PNB Principal Insurance Advisory, an insurance broking company promoted by four ...
Dewan Housing Finance Limited (DHFL) is in talks with investors, including multi-lateral agencies such as International Finance ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank plans to raise Rs 150 crore through a follow-on public issue of equity shares to shore up its ...
Thrissur based South Indian Bank (SIB) has registered a net profit of Rs 13.94 crore for the half year ended 30 September as ...
Union Bank of India has received approval from the government for its second public issue of equity shares.
The Mumbai-based bank ...
The Chennai-based Bharat Overseas Banks (BhOB) plan for an initial public offer (IPO) seems to have come a cropper with the ...
The year-on-year growth in banks deposits has finally caught up with the increase in credit.

Individuals are now borrowing money instead of saving it.
The Indian rupee ended lower at 45.77/78 per dollar, off from the day's low of 45.8325. The rupee had closed at 45.7325/7425 on ...
Cash funds see outflow of nearly Rs 4,000 cr.
Meet next week to discuss armtwisting by firms.
International Finance Corporation (IFC),the World Bank group's private sector funding arm, is in the process of lending $100 ...
Swayam Krishi Sangam (SKS) Microfinance Private Limited, a leading microfinance institution from Hyderabad, has been awarded the ...
Bank stocks, led by HDFC Bank, rose sharply on Friday, as investors perceived the permission for FDI (foreign direct investment) ...
Calls for financial autonomy, zero interference by govts.
C-Edge Technologies to provide technology solutions to financial services sector globally.
Govt waits for Left feedback on white paper.

Fringe Benefit Tax (FBT) has not had a negative impact on group insurance policies, said, R Sridhar, managing director, Life ...
The National Bank for Rural Development (Nabard) has indicated to lower the interest rate on future loans to the state government ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has now set sights on acquiring medium- and large-sized banks overseas, after having bought three small ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is in talks with banks for setting up a company for managing currency chests, to ensure better ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will announce the nature of tier-III capital instruments that commercial banks can raise in the ...
The Food Corporation of India (FCI) has got the governments approval for raising Rs 5,000 crore from the financial market by ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) is all set to enter the microfinance market in India.
The global lending body together ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to make available basic n-frills banking accounts, as the current practices ...
Reliance Capital submitted an EoI last week.
Smera, the credit rating agency for small and medium enterprises floated by Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi), ...
The central bank would be pushing commercial banks hard to supply data regarding credit details to the Credit Information Bureau ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) is in advanced stage of talks with the Centre to raise funds at ...
MONEY MARKETSLiquidity to soften
Andhra Bank has chalked out expansion plans in the eastern part of the country and proposed to open eight branches in West ...
The rupee is overvalued by 8 per cent on a trade-weighted five-country real effective exchange rate (REER) basis, despite ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) plans to use information technology in a more effective manner in order to ...
Gujarats chief minister Narendra Modi has equated the problems of the co-operative banking sector in the state to the killer ...
Caught in the controversy regarding favours from the South Indian Cooperative Bank, Gurudas Kamat, MP and president, Mumbai ...
The trend of migration of private sector bankers to foreign banks still continues with another Indian banker moved to a foreign ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) will shortly be converting its representative office in London into a subsidiary shortly, S C Gupta, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor, Y V Reddy, today made a strong pitch for protecting customer rights and warned banks ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC) has kept in abeyance its proposal to raise rupee resources as the prevailing interest ...
Two days after the government announced its decision to allow 49 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in asset reconstruction ...
Banking industry needs to raise Rs 60,000cr in five years.
Foreign exchange reserves declined $1.156 billion to $142.618 billion for the week ended November 4, according to the weekly ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), said the central bank is planning to introduce a second liquidity ...
Sub-limit of 10% on individual FII holdings.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor Rakesh Mohan on Thursday said that liquidity was stable in the money market and ...
Union Bank of India is planning to announce its second IPO of 4.5 crore shares to cap its capital adequacy ratio.
The bank has ...
ICICI Bank, the second largest bank of the country, has raised five-year fixed rate senior unsecured notes, worth $500 million, ...
Indian Banks Association (IBA) has constituted two technical groups to look into the deregulation of administered rate in ...
UK-based Standard Chartered Bank is exploring setting up of special purpose vehicles (SPVs) in collaboration with other ...
Looks to invest in small-sized and mid-sized private sector banks.

GE India today announced setting up of a $145 million India development fund from the proceeds of the settlement of the dispute ...
Its now confirmed that liquidity in the banking system is under stress.

Terming the Indian equity market as the most expensive among the emerging markets, DSP Merrill Lynch (DSP ML) downgraded its ...
Making a case to levy user charges on consumers for infrastructure services, Reserve Bank of India's deputy governor Rakesh Mohan ...
The Deposit Insurance & Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) will start settling the claims of the depositors of the ...
The Registrar of Cooperative Societies has superseded the board of the Buldhana District Central Cooperative Bank board in the ...
Karnataka Bank Limited has increased interest rates on FCNR (B) deposits for various maturities with effect from November 2, ...
City Union Bank reported a 35 per cent jump in net profits to Rs 12.44 crore for the second quarter ended 30, 2005 compared to Rs ...
Government organisations and financial institutions registered a 36 per cent increase in mobilisation through debt bonds on ...
Overseas players have set their eyes on the non-banking finance companies(NBFCs) to enter the Indian market even as the Reserve ...
After a fruitful association with Yash Raj Films, Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) has now agreed to finance films made by ...
Foreign banks with retail presence in the country are grappling with the issue of disposal of soiled and torn currency notes.
The ...
Competition has driven down premium for directors and officers liability insurance for domestic corporates listed in the US or ...
ICICI Bank, which holds 29.58 per cent stake in Asset Reconstruction Company of India (Arcil), is expected to sell 10 per cent ...
Bars FIIs from equity participation in firms buying NPAs.
Continuing its banking sector reforms, the government today decided to permit foreign direct investment (FDI) up to 49% in asset ...
The US treasury secretary, John W Snow, said on Tuesday that Indias infrastructure needs demanded that the Indian authorities ...
Indian Bank has reported a 57.13 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 242.14 crore for the half year ended September 30, 2005, ...
The International Finance Corporation (IFC), the World Banks investment arm for the private sector, is open to acquire ICICI ...
Exim Bank is likely to float a centralised marketing company with few rural cooperatives in West Bengal.

The rupee, which dropped to a low of 46.06 per dollar in early morning deals today, closed on a firm note at 45.79 per dollar on ...
Leverage India Fund, a private equity fund sponsored by IL&FS, Punjab National Bank and Taib Bank of Bahrain, has raised $153 ...
The rupee today lost 37 paise against the dollar to close at 45.90the Indian unit's 13-month closing lowas importers bought ...
Banking relationship to be re-instated after 1965.
A year after Nagpur Mahila Sahakari Bank Ltd - though profit making - stopped public transactions on the instructions of the ...
Canara Bank, in association with six other nationalised banks, has announced the launch of a Rs 55 crore venture capital fund, ...
State Bank of India (SBI) proposes to double its business in Orissa over next three years.

Foreign institutional investor, Crown Capital today acquired a 3.45 per cent stake in HDFC Bank for Rs 672.55 crore.
It bought ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is likely to come up with separate norms for unit-linked insurance ...
The Export-Import (Exim) Bank of India today signed a memorandum of co-operation with Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency ...
Export-Import (Exim) Bank of India is in the final stages of signing a formal agreement with Bank of Baroda (BoB) for ...
ICICI Bank has proposed to issue five-year fixed rate senior unsecured notes, worth $300 million, maturing in 2010.
Global credit ...
M Venugopalan, chairman of the Aluva-based Federal Bank today announced that the bank has withdrawn from the deal to take over ...
Citigroup, the worlds largest financial services group, has named Sanjiv Vohra as its country officer, and corporate and ...
Acquires 76% stake in PT Bank IndoMonex.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram is expected to meet the chairpersons and managing directors of the public sector banks on November ...
The rupee dropped to 45.92 per dollar today as against the last weekend close of 43.54 per dollar on buying by importers and the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has signed a share purchase agreement with the principal shareholders of PT Bank Indo Monex, ...
Canbank Venture Capital Fund has teamed up with with five otherpublic sector banks and Small Industries Development Bank of ...
The board of directors of Federal Bank and Lord Krishna Bank (LKB), which met today, decided to call off the on-going discussions ...
Festival interest rate discounts may be rolled back.
Deal may fall through if todays meeting fails to sort out price differences.
MONEY MARKETS
Earlier, SBI and ICICI Bank were assigned ratings higher than that of sovereign rating
.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today announced an increase 20-30 basis points in interest ...
Banks now eye greener pastures in tier-II and tier-III towns, which own assets amounting 65 per cent of the total wealth in the ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $678 million to $143.774 billion for the week ended October 28, 2005, according to the weekly ...
The spot rupee dropped to 45.54 per dollar today as against yesterday's close of 45.29 per dollar on buying by importers and ...
Bank to raise Rs 5,000 cr in Nov from domestic market.
Foreign banking major Standard Chartered Bank has invested $120 million thus far this year in its Indian operations, which is ...
The declining capital adequacy ratio (CAR) of the Satara-based United Western Bank, which is planning a Rs 43.04 crore rights ...
The announcement of the auction worth Rs 8,000 crore failed to impact the government securities market.
In fact, gilt prices ...
The rupee ended today at Rs 45.2850/2950 per dollar, a shade lower from yesterday's close of Rs 45.28/29. It had slipped to an ...
Want to ensure that your insurance policy claims are settled without any hassles, then keep a check on the following key ...
Sneha Bajpai's day starts with an SMS from her banker on the available balance in her account.
Standard Chartered Bank (Stanchart) has tied up with Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) for providing agency trade services to ...
According to an occasional paper released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), move to increase collateralised borrowing will ...
The rupee slipped to a one-year closing low of 45.30 per dollar today on buying by importers and the dollar rally in ...
Bank has zeroed in on Pt Bank Indomonex of Indonesia for a possible acquisition.
Likely to cost less than fixed rate loans even after hikes in interest rates.
The Union Bank of India will come out with an initial public offering (IPO) of about 4.5 crore shares by January next year to ...
LIC Housing Finance (LICHF) today launched a loan product that eliminates the requirement of a charge on the house financed.

Uco Bank is gearing up to raise Rs 400 crore tier-II capital to boost its capital adequacy ratio (CAR).
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will take a final decision on Bharat Overseas Banks (BhOB) initial public offering (IPO) of ...
Commercial banks may not get any interest on their deposits kept with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the form of cash reserve ...
Punjab National Bank has reported a 2.3 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 422.04 crore during the second quarter of the ...
MONEY MARKETSAuctions to set the tone
ICICI Bank is planning concurrent domestic and overseas equity issues to raise about Rs 8,050 crore.
Dena Bank reported a 20 per cent rise in its net profit in July-September 2005 to Rs 48.64 crore from Rs 40.55 crore a year ...
Bank of Baroda reported a 21.45 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 259.07 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, ...
Bank of India today reported a 166.81 per cent jump in its net profit to Rs 132.18 crore In the second quarter ended September ...
The countrys largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI), is likely to lower its target for growth in overseas assets.
The bank had ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $339 million to $143.096 billion for the week ended October 21 from $143.435 billion in the ...
Bank of India today reported a 166.81% increase in net profit at Rs 132.18 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 ...
Bank of Baroda today reported a 21.45% increase in net profit at Rs 259.07 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 ...
Karnataka Bank posted a 33.6 per cent increase in the second quarter ended September 2005 to Rs 41.8 crore, as against Rs 31.2 ...
Syndicate Bank net profit rose 131 per cent for the second quarter ended September 2005 to Rs 175 crore as against Rs 75.5 crore ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 51 per cent jump in its net profit to Rs 31.17 crore in July-September 2005 from Rs 20.65 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may allow foreign banks one-time special discretion to borrow funds from their respective parent ...
IndusInd Bank may tie up with local banks in Dubai, United Kingdom, United States, South East Asia to take advantage of its high ...
Funds are being raised at rates lesser than the call rate.
The State Bank of Indias (SBI) net profit in the second quarter ending September rose 12.34 per cent year-on-year to Rs 1,215.36 ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today reported a 29.58% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,590.75 crore for the quarter ended ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 156.49% rise in consolidated net profit at Rs 83.36 crore for the second quarter ended ...
ING Vysya Bank recorded a net profit of Rs 19.7 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 as against a net loss of Rs ...
Syndicate Bank has registered 131.79% growth in net profit at Rs 175.19 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 as ...
HDFC to own 19.9% stake in the asset management company.

Forex, money markets unmoved by credit policy.
IndusInd Bank posted a 46.54 per cent fall in net profit at Rs 31.49 crore for the July-September quarter of 2005 as against Rs ...
Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank has posted a 25.36 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 198.49 crore in the second quarter ended ...
The Reserve Bank of India has decided to fund the operations of the Codes and Standards Board of India (CSBI) for the first five ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) move to allow banks to include investment fluctuation reserves (IFR) as part of their Tier-I ...
Indian Overseas Bank today reported a 25.36% increase in net profit at Rs 198.49 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, ...
IndusInd Bank today reported a 46.54% decline in net profit at Rs 31.49 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 as ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank has registered a net profit of Rs 54.97 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 as against ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) posted a 20.49 per cent rise in net profit of Rs 298.98 crore for the quarter ...
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Rakesh Mohan on Tuesday said real interest rates were very reasonable.
The Central Board of Trustees of the Employees Provident Fund is likely to meet before the winter session of parliament to ...
Banking stocks were in demand, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced no change in the banking rates in the credit ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in its mid-term review of the monetary policy for 2005-06, today kept the Bank Rate unchanged at ...
Monetary MeasuresBank Rate kept unchanged at 6.0 per cent.Reverse Repo Rate increased by 25 ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) today reported a 20.49% growth in net profit at Rs 298.98 crore for the second ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today hiked its gross domestic product (GDP) growth  projection to 7-7.5% from the earlier ...
Business expectations index for Oct-Dec '05 increased by 2.6% over its previous quarter.

Vijaya Bank reported a 5.04 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 75.05 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, as compared ...
Union Bank of India reported a 71.09 per cent decrease in net profit at Rs 61 crore for the second quarter this fiscal as ...
Canara bank has registered a net profit of Rs 306.51 crore for the second quarter of FY06, down 22.75 per cent from Rs 396.79 ...
Andhra Bank reported a net profit of Rs 132.89 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, registering a growth of 21.55 per ...
The South Indian Bank expects to pare its net non performing assets (NPAs) to below three per cent during the current fiscal from ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to introduce multiple sessions of liquidity adjustment facilities (LAF) for better liquidity ...
The commercial sector's demand for bank credit continued to remain strong, reflecting a strengthening of industrial recovery and ...
Bankers expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to announce its intention of deregulating interest rate on savings deposits to ...
The rupee eased today on concern that foreign funds may be losing interest in falling local stocks as data showed they remained ...
Union Bank of India today reported a 70.99% decline in net profit at Rs 61.10 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
Vijaya Bank has recorded a growth of 5.06% in net profit at Rs 75.05 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 as ...
Canara Bank has recorded a 22.75% decline in net profit at Rs 306.51 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 as ...
Corporation Bank today reported a 285.54% increase in net profit at Rs 105.60 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, ...
RBI expected to hike reverse repo rate.
Banks continued to finance strong commercial credit demand by reducing credit to government during the first half of 2005-06. ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India executive director R K Nair on Saturday said the Reserve Bank of India's policies on ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram's remark on Friday that inflation is not on an upswing could make the Reserve Bank of India ...
The Delhi High Court has issued notice to the Centre on a petition filed by ICICI Bank seeking quashing of the Debt Recovery ...
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram has said that a totally revised ombudsman plan for banks would come into force within the ...
Aviva Life Insurance India (ALII), in partnership with Basix, a micro finance institution, is targeting to bring one million ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today tried to soothe market sentiments, saying the rupee remained strong and foreign ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) on Friday reported a 23 per cent decline in net profit to Rs 165 crore during July-September ...
The US-based Citigroup is going to acquire a 4 per cent stake in SME Rating Agency of India (Smera). It is the second foreign ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India has reported a 62.84 per cent rise in its first premium income (FPI) to Rs 6,051.18 crore ...
A framework providing multiple capital raising options for banks, including tier III capital, is likely to be detailed by the ...
The Asset Reconstruction Company of India (Arcil) is planning to team up with foreign banks to participate at the auction of ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $82 million to $143.435 billion for the week ended October 14, 2005 when compared with ...
The executive committee of the central board (ECCB) of State Bank of India (SBI), which met yesterday, approved a proposal to ...
The Small and Medium Enterprises Rating Agency (SMERA), which was launched here a month ago, is holding talks with other banks ...
With a view to bringing down non-performing assets (NPAs), Andhra Bank, Visakhapatnam zone, is planning to organise special ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has posted a net profit of Rs 131.84 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
Andhra Bank is planning to step up lending on farm produce stored in godowns and other storage facilities by farmers in the state ...
The Reserve Bank of India has slapped a Rs 5 lakh fine on State Bank of Indore for flouting Know Your Customer (KYC) norms ...
Foreign banks have petitioned the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to keep their expansion to tier-II and tier-III towns outside the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to allow short-selling in government securities in its review of 2005-06 annual ...
Commercial banks have asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) against considering off-site ATMs on par with branches.
Central bank cautious as exposure to real estate sector doubles.
State Bank of India (SBI) and Crisil have signed an agreement to provide ratings to small scale industries ...
If you thought you could take a personal loan only from a bank, think again.
You could avail of a loan facility from as many as ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) on Tuesday launched a new policy Jeevan Plus. The unit linked whole life policy ...
Canara Bank has selected Red Hat Enterprise Linux as the platform to automate more than 1,000 branches across the country.
This ...
The interest rates on car loans have climbed around 1 per cent (100 basis points) in October 2005, year
on year.
United Bank of India (UBI) has set a target to register a 300 per cent growth in export-import lending through the MoC that UBI ...
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is planning to develop real estate for senior citizens at Rajarhat.

Financing Indian companies overseas acquisitions is turning a major business for the Export-Import Bank of India (Exim).
DEG, the German developmental bank owned by KFW, would help the Indian small and medium size companies in carbon trading.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in its second quarterly review of 2005-06 monetary policy on October 25, is likely to announce ...
NCR, technology solutions provider, has won a contract from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for supplying clearing house ...
The Reserve Bank of India today reined in a falling rupee by seeking the details of dollar-buying positions of commercial banks ...
British financial major Barclays Bank is set to terminate a #6 million (about Rs 50 crore) annual outsourcing contract with Tata ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed all commercial banks to submit data for unhedged corporate exposure in the foreign ...
This is the first time that the German bank has moved outside Europe.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today asked the finance ministry to direct the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has seen a 60 per cent appreciation in the market value of its equity portfolio to over ...
The Reserve Bank of India proposes to implement know your customer norms for the money changers in the foreign exchange ...
The joint regulatory committee chaired by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed all the major systematically important ...
The independent commission on alternative banking and financial policy, set up by the All India Bank Officers Confederation ...
The south-central zone of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has launched a new insurance plan  Jeevan Plus  replacing ...
The rupee, which slipped to a low of 45.23 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed at 45.16 per dollar as against the last close of ...
Oppenheimer International Small Company Fund has acquired an additional 3,15,000 shares, aggregating to 0.25% of the share ...
Total lending under put and call loans estimated to be around Rs 40,000 crore.

If you are a person who enjoys working on the laptop - from home or elsewhere - and loves to get things done with a mouse click, ...
LIC's economical moneyback plan will close by March 2006
The Foreign Exchange Dealers Association (FEDAI) has issued instructions to all banks that the recovery of bank charges should ...
The second-largest private sector bank, HDFC Bank, today reported its net profit in the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 ...
Federal Bank today reported a 1597 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 54.16 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 ...
Allahabad Bank reported 1.67 per cent rise in net profit of Rs 168.34 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 compared ...
Allahabad Bank will hold a meeting with potential partners for its non-life insurance foray today.
This was in accordance with ...
The consumerism wave has now engulfed rurals banks in the country.
Following the footsteps of commercial banks, even regional ...
HDFC Bank today reported a 31% increase in net profit at Rs 199.64 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 when compared ...
Leverage India Fund, a Sebi-registered venture capital fund  managed by IL&FS Investment Managers, has achieved ...
Allahabad Bank has recorded an increase of 1.67% in net profit at Rs 168.34 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 ...
Federal Bank today reported a 15-fold increase in net profit at Rs 54.16 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 as ...
Four Indian and Pakistani banks are set to open their branches in each other's country.
The government has decided to widen the scope of India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd (IIFCL), the Rs 10,000-crore special ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $294 million to $143.353 billion for the week ended October 7, 2005, according to the weekly ...
$500 million contracts cancelled in a week after currency sinks.

Citigroup CEO Charles Prince today said Asia will be the fastest growing market for the US banking major in 2006 compared with ...
Board also okays proposals to float two subsidiaries.

The board of directors of UTI Bank, which met today, approved proposals to float two wholly-owned subsidiaries.

UTI Bank today reported a 135.85% increase in net profit at Rs 109.01 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 when ...
This will be the largest ever equity float by a private entity in India.
New York Life Investment Management Holding (NYLIM) has picked up 24.6 per cent stake in the Delhi-based Jacob Ballas Capital ...
Three officials of the Madhya Pradeshs top cooperative bank, Apex Bank, were indicted for housing loan scam, according to a ...
The auction of Apple Finances 10-storeyed office complex at the Bandra-Kurla complex in Mumbai has again evoked a poor ...
The Maharashtra government has directed all commercial banks to pay stamp duty on deals in government securities and corporate ...
IDBI Bank expects to garner about Rs 600 crore this year from its property exhibition Homes 2005, which will be held in seven ...
China is a more attractive destination for foreign investors, but return on assets in India has been much higher, Germany-based ...
With India emerging as a major market for global conglomerates, Citigroup group CEO Charles O Prince on Thursday began his ...
ICICI Banks net profit in July-September 2005 rose 31.31 per cent to Rs 580.05 crore from Rs 442.08 crore a year earlier, driven ...
Indian foreign currency convertible bond (FCCB) issues now increasingly have a clause for reset of conversion price.
Reset clause ...
ICICI Bank today reported a 31.21% increase in net profit at Rs 580.05 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005 as ...
There is tremendous demand for fast means of transferring money from abroad by Indians in particular.

The regulatory norm to maintain at least 75 per cent of assets in India is likely to restrict Bank of Barodas (BoB) overseas ...
Dena Bank plans to roll out a core banking platform across its 1,100 branch network in next the two years.
It has roped in ...
RBI sees liquidity and credit risks in defaults.
Likely to offer
7.10 crore equity shares in its follow-up public offer.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked the state and district central cooperative banks (SCBs and DSCBs) to disclose ...
Reliance Life Insurance plans to achieve a customer base of one million by the end of 2006.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to conduct due diligence process while ...
The Bangalore-based public sector Canara Bank has exceeded the target set by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in extending loans ...
Technology is changing the face of the retail banking in the country.
Branches, the quintessential hub, today account for just ...
Close on the heels of the meeting of Monetary Authority of Singapore with the Reserve Bank of India, United Overseas Bank (UOB) ...
Corporate India may face stiffer challenges in improving its credit quality in the short to medium term, according to Crisils ...
In the wake of stiff competition from foreign and private insurance companies in the country, the modified service conditions for ...
Banks Tier-I capital adequacy will increase by 2 to 5 percentage points with the inclusion of investment fluctuation reserve ...
Allows banks to treat their investment fluctuation reserve (IFR) as tier-I capital.

The rupee tumbled 0.85 per cent to 44.76 a dollar today, its largest single-day loss in 10 months.
With this, the Indian currency ...
RBI seeks to curb fund diversion to market.
Indian Bank may pick up a stake in the National Collateral Management Services(NCMS), an organisation promoted by NCDEX, a ...
Janakalyan Sahakari Bank, a Mumbai-based cooperative bank, saw its deposits base erode by over Rs 150 crore last week, as it ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) expects premiums for motor own damage, fire and engineering insurance ...
The Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of India ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has budgeted Rs 200 crore for integrating its information technology platform with ...
Yes Bank has registered a 26.79 per cent hike in its net profit in July-September. The net profit for the quarter was Rs 14.25 ...
Yes Bank today reported a net profit of Rs 14.25 crore in the quarter ended September 30, 2005 when compared with a loss of Rs ...
P C Gairola, executive director of Bank of India (BoI), today said interest rates could move up between 25-75 basis points in the ...
Indiabulls Financial Services today reported a net profit of Rs 59.93 crores for the second quarter ended September 30, 2005. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has rejected the applications of HDFC Bank and IndusInd Bank for setting up non-banking finance ...
Indian rates draw discounts despite global uptrend.
The entire board of the ailing Nagpur Nagarik Mahila Sahakari Bank has been booked by the city police under charges of cheating ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $42 million to $143.059 billion for the week ended September 30, 2005, according to the ...
The interest rates may rise by 50 basis points by the end of FY06, said ICICI Bank deputy managing director Kalpana Morparia on ...
The countrys largest bank, State Bank of India (SBI),  expects its loan book to grow by a whopping 40 per cent year on year ...
State Bank of India (SBI)  today announced its second overseas acquisition.
It bought a 76 per cent stake in Kenya-based ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Y V Reddy today asked companies to voluntarily start making disclosures on their risk ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has signed a share purchase agreement with the principal shareholders of Kenya-based Giro Commercial ...
HSBC is planning to set up a a non-banking financial company (NBFC) in India.
The city-based Janakalyan Sahakari Bank Ltd, which faced a run on its deposits following reports about its weak financial health, ...
Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank (KVGB) formed recently with the amalgamation of four regional rural banks (RRBs) sponsored by ...
Karnataka Bank Limited has effected upward revision of interest rates on its non Resident (External) rupee deposit (NRE) scheme ...
Visakhapatnam Cooperative Bank (VCB), which has the highest share capital of Rs 13.32 crore among all the cooperative urban banks ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) is planning to list its business process outsourcing arm, Intelenet, by 2007-08, ...
Indian banking regulators need to remove the regulatory arbitrage between banks, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and other ...
ICICI Bank expects the assets under management under its private banking portfolio to double to Rs 50,000 crore in the next six ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), for the first time, today rejected bids at the auction of the 11.38 per cent 2014 paper, which ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has tightened the norms for selection of central statutory auditors for the public sector banks ...
ICICI Bank is planning to double its assets under management in the specialised private banking service to Rs 50,000 crore in the ...
Private sector ICICI Bank is planning yet another equity issue after the Rs 3,050 crore public offer in April 2004.
Public sector ...
The boards of Federal Bank
and Lord Krishna Bank
(LKB) today in-principle cleared the merger of LKB with Federal Bank.
The ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering allowing banks to raise capital through hybrid instruments to help them meet ...
Competitive pressures and faster pace of processing credit decisions have forced banks to compromise on their credit risk ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) today sold treasury bills worth Rs 400 crore following a bearish outlook in the government ...
The Reserve Bank of India is concerned about volatility in the rupees exchange rate, RBI deputy governor Rakesh Mohan said on ...
The board of directors of ICICI Bank will meet on October 13, 2005 to consider the results of the first half of the current ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) has raised the risk weightage requirement for housing finance companies to 75 per cent from the ...
Proposed acquisition of Lord Krishna Bank could be around Rs 300 cr.
Apple Finance Ltds 10-storeyed office complex in Mumbai has been put on sale again for recovery of five banks dues, including ...
The property spread over 3 acres of land worth over Rs 75 crore today in Chennais Anna Salai, headquarters of one of the largest ...
The Corporation Banks aggregate business has crossed Rs 50,000 crore mark during the present fiscal year announced V K Chopra, ...
Euronet Services India Private Limited (ESIL), a subsidiary of Nasdaq-listed Euronet Worldwide, is expanding its network and also ...
After exiting from the finance business following restructuring, Nucent Finance Ltd of the Pressman group is foraying into real ...
Domestic banks lending at below cost to top companies intensified in the second quarter of 2005-06, said R Ravimohan, managing ...
General insurers want the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) to also free motor insurance tariffs from January ...
The spot rupee losing 31 paise against the dollar in two trading sessions in the week had led to a panic among foreign banks ...
Indian corporates have borrowed more to finance expansions in the last two years, despite robust cash flow generation.

State Bank of India (SBI) signed an agreement with Dabur India to finance farmers for producing medicinal and aromatic crops in ...
Plans to acquire stakes in medium-sized firms from various sectors.

Corporates raised Rs 58,071cr between Jan-Sep '05 as against Rs 36,294cr in year-ago period.

The Andhra Pradesh Paper Mills (APPM) Limited has informed that International Finance Corporation, on September 21, 2005, has ...
ICICI Bank today raised interest rates on deposits by non-resident Indians by 13 to 52 basis points (bps). The increase in ...
The rupee lost 22 paise on Monday by closing almost at a months low of 44.12/14 to a dollar against last weeks close of 43. 92 ...
The Delhi High Court has ruled that banks do not have the right to act as arbitrators in case of internal disputes with their ...
Seven merchant bankers are set to join hands for the Bank of Baroda (BoB) issue which is to hit the market shortly.

The majority of the banking industry expects interest rates to rise by 0.5-1.0 per cent, and it is almost the entire industrys ...
Fed Bank willing to pay around Rs 300 cr.
Syndicate Bank has renewed its two-decad-old management service contract with Oman-based Musandam Exchange House.
Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC), the market leader in individual housing loan segment in Andhra Pradesh, is ...
At a time when West Bengal is projecting itself as an investment-friendly destination, State Bank of India (SBI) has adopted a ...
Indias trade deficit widened three-fold to $15.80 billion in the first quarter of 2005-06 from $5.17 billion a year earlier on a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today proposed to link computation of priority sector lending obligations to the total ...
The countrys total external debt has come down by 1.1 per cent in the second quarter ended June 2005 to $ 122.14 billion against ...
The nationwide bank strike called by organisation under United Forum of Bank Unions paralysed banking transactions including ...
Countrywide Financial Corporation of USA, which has been scouting for a suitable place to establish ITeS operations in India, has ...
The government today cleared the long-awaited sale of UTI Asset Management Company to three state-owned banks and LIC at Rs 1,237 ...
The net profits of banks in the second quarter of 2005-06 are estimated to range between a decline of 71 per cent and a growth of ...
Co-branded and multi-branded credit cards have become hotties for banks, but similar ventures with travel companies have not ...
India Inc is sitting on a huge unhedged foreign currency exposure.
Senior bankers said Indian corporates have over Rs 47,500 ...
State Bank of India has seen over 30 per cent growth in advances on the back of continuing strong growth in the economy, and is ...
Come 2007, general insurance industry will see a big changeover.
Pricing, the range of cover, the level and degree of ...
The Mumbai-based Shamrao Vithal Cooperative (SVC) Bank is in talks to acquire a cooperative bank in Bangalore and another one in ...
Hyderabad-based AP Mahesh Cooperative Urban Bank Limited has declared a dividend of 15 per cent to its shareholders for the ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is looking at acting as a linkage between commercial banks., the states and ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today announced its plans for a domestic or overseas issue of 15 million equity shares.
At Kotak Banks ...
Forex market
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today lowered the cut-off price at the 91-day treasury bills auction to Rs 98.65 from Rs 98.72 ...
The rural sector is fast changing and accounts for 52 per cent of the countrys economy.
Yet this sector, which provides ...
Rating agency Standard & Poors (S&P) today raised the rating for 18 Asian banks on the expectation of respective ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) booked trading profit of over Rs 2,000 crore till September 15 this financial year, while it ...
Buoyant on the sales of its enterprise intelligence platform (EIP) to ICICI Bank, business intelligence (BI) software major SAS ...
The Cauvery Grameena Bank (CGB) employees here have decided to join the one-day nation-wide strike on September 29.
They have ...
The heat of competition for deposits has made a dent in state-owned Dena Banks resources mobilisation.
And the blame falls on ...
The State Bank of Indias government business may take a marginal hit in 2005-06, after the Reserve Bank of India changed the ...
The normally aggressive private and foreign banks have by choice remained passive in educational loans.
The primary deterrent is ...
ICICI Bank executive director Nachiket Mor today accused the banking regulator of being focused on the banking needs of the urban ...
Commercial banks in West Bengal have registered an eight per cent point increase in the state's credit-deposit ratio (CDR) to 57 ...
Allahabad Bank is eyeing Rs 2,500 crore
rural credit by the end of third quarter of 2005-06 against last years Rs 2,025 crore.
A ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) today launched a slew of deposit schemes to attract India Millennium Deposit (IMD) holders to ...
Smart cards
may not be the smartest of options for banks when it comes to credit or debit cards.
While Visa and Mastercard are ...
The freeing of general insurance premium from the shackles of tariff would be music to the ears of business houses and households ...
Banks are offering personal loans to credit card holders at rates less than 10%.
The Reserve Bank
of India (RBI) has approved the merger of Bank
of Punjab and Centurion Bank.
After ICICI Bank, American Express ropes in new partners.

Insurers will be free to price their products on their own from 2007, with regulator IRDA unveiling a roadmap to de-tariff ...
State governments must reduce the incentives they offer on small savings, as interest rates are higher for small savings compared ...
Hopes to recover Rs 200 crore from bad loans in 2005-06.
Syndicate Bank has facilitated the merger of four of its regional rural banks (RRBs) into a new entity, Karnataka Vikas Grameena ...
Foreign currency reserves declined $1.055 billion to $144.222 billion for the week ended September 16, 2005, according to the ...
Beginning 2007, general insurers will be free to set premiums and determine the terms and conditions of insurance contracts.
This ...
Small firms now have nowhere to go if they want to raise foreign currency loans locally.
Commercial banks have exhausted their ...
Banks offer loans at 30-40% interest without collateral.

Indias business community will do well to keep its diary clean for September 29, when the countrys aviation, banking and ...
Canara Bank and Syndicate bank are merging some of the regional rural banks under them to form two larger entities respectively. ...
IDBI Bank has drawn up plans to set up round-the-clock transaction kiosks for non-cash banking services.
Trial runs are on at the ...
In the mid 1990s when new private banks started setting up shops here, promoters of these banks had wooed many an executives from ...
The Mumbai July 26 deluge has resulted in doubling the sale of householders policies and has created huge awareness among people ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has taken the lead in the insurance industry by beginning to provide professional training to its ...
The Delhi High Court has absolved ABN Amro Bank from charges of Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) violations by importing ...
The SBI has set a target of Rs 80 crore for personal segment loans in Mysore.
In the last two months, its eight branches here ...
Bankers today unanimously agreed that absence of defined standards in wealth management has hampered the growth of the private ...
The SBI cards and the retail chain, Lifestyle announced the launch of their co-branded card to target the frequent shoppers ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has found a new set of corporate agency partners  shopping mall owners.
The public sector life ...
The UK-based HSBC has identified potential for micro-finance lending in 11,000 privately-owned schools in Hyderabad and Chennai. ...
Interest rate swap rates may post only modest gains in the coming weeks although hike in local interest rates seem certain after ...
Standard & Poors today raised its corporate credit rating on Bharti Tele-Ventures to BB+ from BB on the telephony ...
The government is likely to keep its promise of issuing floating rate bonds in the second half of the year to March to help banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today proposed to link banks participation in government securities market to profitability, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) promoted National Financial Switch (NFS) has remained unsuccessful in its mission to become the ...
British financial services company Dawnay Day is launching a complete suite of wealth management services in India.
Government bonds weakened and the rupee edged down following the 25 basis points increase in the US rates by the Federal Reserve, ...
SBI today announced plans to increase its credit card base to 2.6 million from the current 1.9 million by the next financial ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd has entered into a memorandum of understanding with Prudential ICICI Asset Management Company by ...
ICICI Bank signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with eSeva, an Andhra Pradesh government enterprise, to launch the ...
Young ones queuing up at swanky ATMs to take out cash or using internet for banking are signs of growing influence of technology ...
Britain-based Dawnay Day Financial Services Ltd has finalised its plans to launch three private equity funds for channelising ...
In India, bank-financing for film-making still lags.
It is over five years since bank funds started trickling down to the tinsel ...
The leading foreign banks are targeting the small enterprises thereby coming up with novel loan products.
HSBC has introduced the ...
IDBI Bank is looking at acquiring an unlisted public sector bank.
The four unlisted banks are Central Bank of India, Indian Bank, ...
Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) is in advanced stage of discussions with top technology companies for implementing a core ...
The Bengal Circle of the State Bank of India (SBI) will turnaround its loss making branches by the end of the current financial ...
The new India CEO at Standard Chartered Bank is betting big on the 50-million consuming class in India for its small-ticket ...
Cortal Consors, an arm of BNP Paribas, is planning to foray into the wealth management services market in India, targetting the ...
Insurance companies will be freed from administered tariffs regime, as a new dispensation will be in place later this week.

The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has allowed Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) another two years to meet ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has identified Australia, New Zealand and Egypt for expanding its overseas operations, armed ...
Jindal South West Holdings has received the certificate of registration from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as a non-banking ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has assured all efforts to beef up the urban co-operative banks (UCBs). Y V Reddy, governor, RBI ...
Bharat Overseas Bank Limited (BOBL) has opened its branch in Rajahmundry, its ninth branch in Andhra Pradesh.

Srei Infrastructure Finance Ltd, the first Indian NBFC listed in London Stock Exchange, is gearing up to become first company ...
LIQUIDITY Eye on borrowing plan
Foreign exchange reserves declined $278 million to $145.277 billion for the week ended September 9, 2005 when compared with the ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has drawn up plans for a five-fold jump in its first premium income from alternate channels.
The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) might consider insurance cover for pension funds in line with the ...
The Syndicate Bank will merge four regional rural banks sponsored by it in Karnataka.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to fix staff accountability for delays in reporting fraud cases to the banking ...
The euro will have the maximum weight in the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) proposed real effective exchange rate (REER) index, ...
UTI Bank has taken up a credit card initiative which would be on offer by next month, according to the banks president (projects ...
IndusInd Bank signed a memorandum of understanding with LIC today to offer group insurance of Rs 3 lakh to all its NRI account ...
According to Offshoring in the Financial Services Industry: Risks and Rewards, a survey conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India will compete for the Rs 37,000-crore corpus under India Millennium Deposit (IMD), ...
Nainital Bank is planning its initial public offering (IPO) in 2006-07 to raise its networth to Rs 300 crore from Rs 105 crore to ...
The Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDBRT) has slashed the ATM transaction charges for national ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will soon issue guidelines to ensure customer privacy while sharing credit information.

Prudential ICICI Asset Management Company (AMC) Ltd is planning to launch a product targeted at companies operating in the ...
Bank of India (BoI) has targeted to achieve more than 194 per cent growth in its net profit in the current financial year as ...
Bankers today asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to formulate a uniform definition of medium enterprises and standardise ...
Banks share in the borrowings of micro-finance institutions (MFIs) doubled to 28 per cent in the last three years.

Driven by demand from power, telecommunications and roads and ports sectors, infrastructure saw the highest bank credit flow ...
Move follows RBI's July guidelines on the purchase of bad loans by banks.

Private insurance companies are not willing to settle the Mumbai flood claims without a surveyors report.
This is even as the ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has turned down UTI-Is offer to buy its stake in Larsen & Toubro (L&T) and ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has identified 70 properties which could be developed or sold on a commercial ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFC) and a few co-operative banks are under regulators scanner to ascertain whether they were ...
The Reserve Bank of India turned a net buyer of dollars in July, the first time this fiscal.
The RBI bought $2.473 billion that ...
The debt market is flooded with subordinated debt issues by commercial banks worth Rs 4,100 crore.
This is to support the growth ...
Over Rs 1,000 crore in currency notes have gone down the drain, literally, thanks to the Mumbai floods on June 26.
The notes, ...
The top executives of HDFC Bank continue to put in their papers.
The latest to do so is S Ramakrishnan, vice-president and head, ...
Consortium banking that had faded away with the demise of financial institutions is back with a bang in the domestic loan ...
The Tatas and the Birlas have kicked off their preparation for acquiring the stake of AT&T in Idea cellular.
The gems and jewellery sector, which is one of the best performing industry in the SME category is going through a rough patch ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is planning to approach the Reserve Bank of India and the government for ...
Union Bank of India will be merging three regional rural banks (RRBs) in Uttar Pradesh into one unit, to be called Kashi Gomti ...
The recent bond issue by Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) for mobilising Rs 1,000 crore has been oversubscribed by over 2.5 times to ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) seems to have turned a blind eye to the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) draft ...
K V Kamath, managing director and CEO, ICICI Bank, today said domestic banks need to take special care to imbibe the best ...
ICICI Lombard settled 90 per cent of insurance claims, amounting to a net payout of Rs 15 crore, related to Mumbai flood damages, ...
Relief for Indian exporters hit by lack of Indian currency in Nepal.
General Insurance Corporation of India declared a 1:1 bonus on equity capital.
It also announced a 15 per cent bonus, which ...
The Guntur Cooperative Urban Bank Limited, with eight branches  five in city and the remaining at Ponnur, Chilakaluripet and ...
Dena Bank has decided to churn its retail loans portfolio to continue taking up fresh business as its capital adequacy ratio ...
Buoyed by the success of the ABN Amro deal, top-tier Indian IT companies now hope to win a sizeable pie of the outsourcing ...
State-run oil marketing companies are likely to get 7% Oil Companies Government of India Special 2012 bonds this week, a top ...
JP Morgan Chase, global financial services firm with assets of $1.1 trillion, has picked up a 1.2 lakh square feet of office ...
The Peerless General Finance & Investment Company is set to embark on the business of distribution of different kinds of ...
SMEs prove a tough call for banks
Iffco Tokio General Insurance (ITGI) has targeted a premium income of Rs 700 crore for the current year 2005-06. The company ...
Insurance costs will not rise, and India will not face any impact on account of the high magnitude of insurance losses across the ...
Retail loans business of banks is booming, and keeping pace with it is the cumbersome paperwork related to collection of equated ...
Indias largest non-life insurance company, the New India Assurance Company, has changed its operational strategy - moving away ...
Small savings, buoyant equity markets play spoilsport.
LIC Housing Finance plans to concentrate on project financing this year because the returns there are higher.

Come March next, consumers shall have their local cheques cleared in a day.
The RBI proposes to enable this by getting banks to ...
Taking cues from the finance minister P Chidambarams call to lead the consolidation process in the banking sector, Bank of India ...
LIQUIDITYNo negative triggers
Life insurers warn agents that action will be taken if they indulge in wrong selling of ULIPs.
Max New York Life expects to double its agency force to 22,000 agents and its branch network to 108 by 2007-08.
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) Indore divisional office has set a target to sell 3.6 lakh policies this financial year and ...
Come March next year, consumers should be able to get their local cheques cleared in a day.
The Reserve Bank of India proposes to ...
Kotak Life Insurance expects to ramp up its capital by Rs 20 crore to Rs 300 crore by the end of the current fiscal.

The BSE Sensex scaling the magical 8,000-mark has turned banks cautious as far as increasing their exposure to the capital market ...
The UK-based Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) has signed an agreement with US-based Global Payments Inc to form a ...
IDBI has doubled its film financing exposure limit as it is getting a huge demand from corporatised film makers for formal ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will henceforth take into account banks policies on minimum balance requirements, pricing of ...
The oil bonds to be issued next week by the Centre to the oil companies are likely to have a tenure of seven years and will carry ...
The demerged entities of the Reliance group - Reliance Industries led by Mukesh Ambani and Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Enterprises ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has sold 623,188 shares representing 3.04 per cent of the share capital of ...
The eastern zone (EZ) of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has slipped to the second position among the zones within LIC ...
Worlds largest insurance market Lloyds today evinced interest to enter Indias booming insurance and reinsurance sectors for ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will soon offer folio numbers to its policyholders.
Folio numbers are specially made ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) prescription for transaction-based charges for handling the government business will result in ...
Yes Bank and Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) are the latest among private sector banks to walk the subsidiary path.
Yes Bank is setting ...
Sundaram Mutual Fund, a fully-owned subsidiary of Sundaram Finance, has raised over Rs 600 crore through its recently launched ...
Global insurance leader Lloyd's today said it is eager to enter the Indian insurance and reinsurance sectors, and asked the ...
At last customers can have their say in banking.
The Reserve Bank of India formed the Tarapore committee on procedure and ...
As part of its plan to establish global footprint, Life Corporation of India of India (LIC) is looking at the prospect of making ...
Standard Chartered Bank expects its Indian operations to grow 20 per cent this year and plans to increase its focus on small and ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is gearing up for roadshows with four new products to woo investors of its India Millennium ...
As part of its strategy to increase income from non-core businesses, Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is likely to float a capital ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), by way of its overseas expansion, expects to have a presence in New Zealand to cater to ...
Private sector Yes Bank on Tuesday announced an alliance with Netherlands-based Alterra to introduce the knowledge institutions ...
Unit-linked products (ULIPs) may not only be the preferred choice of individual policyholders but corporates as well.

The Centre expects foreign remittances to go up to Rs 96,000 crore at the end of this year from non-resident Indians (NRIs) ...
Banks are knocking at the regulators door for permission to offer discretionary portfolio management services (DPMS) as part of ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is embarking on a number of customer relationship management initiatives to retain its ...
Andhra Bank today decided to go for a public issue to meet its capital requirements.
The board of directors of the bank, at its ...
Andhra Bank has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) to co-finance ...
The board of directors of Andhra Bank today approved a proposal for a public issue (follow-on offer) of equity shares.
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is planning to sign  joint venture deals to enter Australia and New Zealand.
The State Bank of India (SBI) Staff Association (Bengal Circle) and the State Bank of India's officer' Association (West Bengal) ...
LIC Housing and Finance Ltd, has initiated a drive for increasing its presence in Uttar Pradesh and Uttaranchal.
In last fiscal, ...
The Dharwad division of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has covered 158 villages in the last three years under Bima ...
Global insurance major Allianz wants to hike its stake from 26 to 49 per cent in the Indian venture Bajaj Allianz General ...
Banks with chronic non-performing assets (NPAs) of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) with outstanding balance of Rs 10 crore, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may allow banks to issue credit cards to individuals with surrogate income.
The draft guidelines ...
Very few private banks are likely to emulate ICICI Banks example of offering life-time free credit cards.
Of the total 13 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is taking a close look at 'door-step' banking.
The apex bank may put some checks and balances for ...
What do Jamnagar, Hazira, Dahej, Ennore and Paradeep have in common?
These are the five new investment hotspots for top bankers. ...
The finance ministry may issue government guaranteed marketable bonds under the borrowing programme to meet the burgeoning oil ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has hiked its medium term notes (MTN) programme from the earlier announced $1 billion to $2 billion. ...
Prudential ICICI Asset Management Company has increased its stake in India Glycols by acquiring an additional 3,00,000 shares.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is targeting to sell one crore Bima Gold policies by March 31, 2006.
The plan has the ...
Bank of India today announced plans to raise Rs 750 crore for augmenting its tier-II capital by way of private placement of ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $623 million to $143.841 billion for the week ended August 26 when compared with $143.218 ...
Citigroup India, which made its first venture lending in the country by sanctioning $1.5 million to a Chennai-based BPO last ...
The statutory audit of the Special Undertaking of the Unit Trust of India ( SUUTI), referred to as UTI-I, for 2003-04 has been ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) plans to extend the group insurance cover to another 15,000 techies of Infosys, increasing the ...
Nashik Peoples Co-operative Bank
is likely to merge with the Thane Janata Co-operative Bank.
The Thane Janata Co-op Bank
board ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has announced a special bonus for its policyholders to mark its 50th anniversary.
The ...
ICICI Bank has suspended its three middle level officials from the treasury division dealing in forex, and two from the back ...
The Union Bank of India is aiming at a 21 per cent credit growth for this financial year, higher than the Reserve Bank of Indias ...
Now banks will need RBI's nod for setting up as well as closing down ATMs.
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has decided to increase its equity exposure from the existing 8% to 10% of assets, and is likely ...
ICICI Bank hiked the interest rates on non-resident external fixed deposits and dollar denominated foreign currency non-resident ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) south zone, will have four satellite offices of the 29 satellite offices being rolled ...
India Inc raised a total of $606 million through external commercial borrowings ( ECB) route in July 2005.

Syndicate Bank on Thursday said it has raised $75 million by way of syndicated loan issues from the overseas market.

GE Money will invest Rs 45 crore to set up 102 branches and thereby expand its network to 210 branches across 110 cities.

The recent categorisation of IDBI as an other public sector bank has created discontent among the staff of its commercial ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has modified the structure of fees paid for government business to banks.
This will have an ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed all commercial banks, especially members of the New Delhi clearing house, to take ...
IndusInd Bank today announced the launch of VISA money transfer - a card-to-card money transfer facility.
The spot rupee opened at 44.09 per dollar, and dropped to a low 44.12 before recovering to close at 44.03 per dollar ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) today offered to double its assistance to India to $3 billion annually and expressed its ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has doubled its agricultural loan target for Nashik district to Rs 50 crore this fiscal.
It has ...
GE Countrywide, which has been rebranded under the new global umbrella brand as GE Money, expects to treble its assets to Rs ...
BNP Paribas has posted a net profit of Rs 14.76 crore for the year ended March 2005 as compared to a net loss of Rs 13.07 crore ...
Small and medium enterprises (SMEs) will now be able to raise finance at cheaper interest rates with Crisil launching its rating ...
There is a flip side to the technological developments in banking.
Real time gross settlement (RTGS), that was ushered in few ...
Credit rating agency Crisil is exploring possibilities to set up national level rating agencies in the emerging markets of ...
In a first among its ilk, the state-owned Canara Bank has offered to help China recover its huge non-performing assets (NPA) in ...
Kolkata-based Srei Infrastructure Finance Limited, that is into infrastructure equipment financing, is looking at financing all ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today stressed on consolidation in the banking sector.
He said the government will consider ...
Citibank today sought a level-playing field with local banks in India as it sees no alternative to physical presence to be ...
The Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Limited has joined the ATM network of 13 more Banks in addition to the existing sharing ...
The governments plan to sell UTI Mutual Fund has hit a roadblock as the State Bank of India (SBI) is not willing to pay the ...
UCO Bank is investing Rs 250 crore in computerisation of all its 36 branches in Andhra Pradesh.
The move is part of the banks ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is acquiring two mid-sized banks in Asia and Africa.
The due diligence is expected to be completed in 8 ...
ICICI Bank is eyeing fee business besides retail to boost its topline, Chanda Kochhar, executive director, said.
Over and above ...
The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) may allocate special discretionary limit of exposure to the State Bank of India (SBI) for its ...
Foreign banks want to roll over their funds parked in the India Millennium Deposits (IMD) floated by the State Bank of India. ...
Thanks to the corporatisation of healthcare, opening up of the insurance sector and affordable packages offered by luxury ...
The State Bank of India is considering launching an India-dedicated offshore fund as one of the options to retain the India ...
The spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 44.15 per dollar
in morning deals, was traded around 44.03 per dollar.
The rupee had ...
The RBI is gung-ho about growth prospects.
Revised offer for services negotiations at WTO.

Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Ltd, will add 15 more branches to its existing 385 chain of branches by the end of current fiscal. ...
IT major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has completed implementation of a core banking solution (CBS) in over 4,000 branches in ...
Mangalore-based leading private sector bank Karnataka Bank Ltd has announced an upward revision of domestic term deposit rates ...
Spandana, a micro finance organisation, has come out with a programme to give Rs 50 crore loans without collateral to landless ...
Stressed Assets Stabilisation Fund (SASF) is in a hurry to settle the Rs 9,000 crore of bad assets it had acquired from the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has warned that restraining pass-through of international oil prices into domestic prices will ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said the continued upswing in credit demand for housing and real estate has necessitated a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has called for a comprehensive public policy on risk management in agriculture to make the sector ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will monitor the nature, scope and cost of services rendered by commercial banks to check if ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has earned more income from foreign sources, while income from domestic sources declined during ...
The rupee closed lower at Rs 43.89 against Friday's close at Rs 43.69 per one dollar.
The rupee continued to head downward due to ...
Reports from the 18th annual general meeting of IBA in Mumbai.

Sebi would seek RBI's views on the credentials of FIIs applying for registration.
The RBI is not comfortable with GE's plan to float a bank.
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is associating itself with public sector commercial banks to create ...
Chiefs of public sector banks (PSBs) on Saturday put the onus of consolidation on the government, soon after finance minister P ...
Reports from the 18th annual general meeting of Indian Banks Association in Mumbai.

Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has raised $500 million through zero coupon foreign currency convertible bonds ...
It is worthwhile on the part of commercial banks to implement Basel II norms even though the banks have to incur considerable ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram came down heavily on public sector banks for projecting stagnation or drop in deposit ...
Rakesh Mohan, deputy governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today projected a moderate inflation of 5% this fiscal, but said ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $1.157 billion to $143.218 billion for the week ended August 19, 2005 when compared with ...
K Cherian Varghese, chairman and managing Director of Union Bank of India (UBI),  has been elected president of Indian ...
The Oriental Insurance Company has decided to make all claims by jewellers and diamond merchants time barred owing to a pile-up ...
Insurance companies are up in arms against the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authoritys (Irda) move restricting auditing ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has postponed its plans to set up its financial services subsidiary during the current financial ...
Administrators of Ahmedbad based beleaguered Madhavpura Mercantile Cooperative Bank Limited (MMCBL) have surprised depositors on ...
HDFC Bank aims to increase the number of states where it lends to microfinance institutions.
In addition, to the southern states ...
Swasakthi Mercantile Cooperative Urban Bank is eying the RBI recognition as a Grade 1 bank this financial year.

Pension-based mutual funds may be barred from investing in foreign securities, Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority ...
The domestic insurance industrys plan to form an earthquake pool, drawn up a year ago on the lines of terrorism pool, is still ...
Oil companies borrowings in the current financial year have already increased by a whopping 100 per cent-plus from Rs 30,000 in ...
Indian banks have discovered a new product to generate higher returns on their loan portfolio but not without higher risk. ...
Next time you run out of your pre-paid mobile card, you can rush to the a nearby automated teller machine (ATM) for a filler.
The United Kingdom has sought that British banks present in India be given the same benefits as those given by India to ...
ING Vysya Bank has transferred its entire equity stake of 14.87% in ING Vysya Life Insurance Company to Gujarat Ambuja ...
The south India-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) intends to expand its operation in the east.

In its yearly review meet, the State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC) of Karnataka has fixed the agriculture credit target at Rs ...
With superannuation funds coming under the ambit of fringe benefit tax (FBT), all may not be lost for life insurers as they are ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has relaxed know your customer (KYC) guidelines for low income group customers of banks.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has appointed a taskforce for restructuring its decision-making process at its 2,700 branches.
Unperturbed by the gilt auction announced on Tuesday, money market dealers said the move by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is ...
Even as Indian market has not yet fully discounted the story of rupee appreciation, the overseas derivatives market in ...
Rs 500-cr venture to foray into pension, mutual funds.

Stock markets continued to slip further for the fourth consecutive day, with the Sensex closing sharply lower on Tuesday.

Oil companies are devising new strategies to borrow more from the banking system following an increased demand for credit to pay ...
Thrissur-based South Indian Bank Ltd mopped up Rs 65 crore by way of Tier II Bonds for augmenting additional capital for business ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) Visakhapatnam Zone, which controls 197 branches in four coastal districts from Srikakulam to East ...
Much like their global counterparts, Indian banks are well behind schedule for the implementation of Basel II, according to a ...
Barely six months after joining the unit-linked insurance product (ULIP) bandwagon, insurance behemoth Life Insurance Corporation ...
Banks have been reducing their investment in non-statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) portfolio and diverting funds to expand the ...
The board of directors of Union Bank of India, which met today, approved a proporal to raise more capital.According to a ...
Aditya Puri, managing director of HDFC Bank, today ruled out the possibility of merger with HDFC or acquiring smaller banks in ...
The board of directors of Federal Bank approved a proposal to issue up to two crore shares of Rs 10 each for its global ...
Despite the phenomenal growth in plastic money culture and the total number of credit cards in use touching 15 million mark, only ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), which had acquired Global Trust Bank last year, has filed 30 First Information Reports (FIRs) ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) plan to form a banking joint venture (JV) in ...
Foreign banks are raising interest rates on one-year deposits to tide over the funds squeeze caused by a sharp drop in deposits ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has filed 30 FIRs against Global Trust Bank (GTB) defaulters to recover Rs 1,300 ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) will flag off its 50th year celebrations next month with the launch of an affordable Golden ...
Screen-based trading now accounts for over 70% of trades in gilts.
Oil prices and equity market movement will be crucial; Yield on the 10-year benchmark gilt will hover in the range of 7.03-7.08 ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.738 billion to $144.375 billion for the week ended August 12, 2005, according to the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has directed all banks engaged in hedging of oil for Indian corporations in the international market to ...
Insurers paying Rs 120-150 in claims for Rs 100 they receive as premium annually.

UCO Bank may raise Rs 150 crore Tier II capital by September, 2005 while planning to infuse Tier I capital to meet the Basel II ...
Bank of Barodas (BoB) credit cards subsidiary has decided to go the whole hog in the fiercely competitive plastic money market. ...
United India Insurance (UII) and National Insurance Co (NIC), two among the four state-owned general insurers, have decided to ...
Foreign banks in India trailed the revitalised Indian banks in 2004-05. The growth in credit as well as deposits of foreign banks ...
IFSL, a non-banking finance company,  is planning to raise $100 million through the issue of American Depository Receipts ...
Finance ministry lays down law to state-owned banks.

Dena Bank has set a Rs 550 crore target for agri loans to be provided to farmers for the current fiscal year 2005-06, of which Rs ...
Andhra Bank is aiming for Rs 100 crore deposits during the AB deposit utsav.
The one-month long deposit utsav
began here on ...
Convergence of financial products and a move towards risk-based capital in the banking sector are motivating the Insurance ...
United Western Bank Ltd (UWB) proposes to come out with a bonus and rights issue of shares.
Competition for deposits is seen intensifying.
In an attempt to garner greater share of savings, more banks are expected to ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) reported an increase of 113 per cent in profits after tax (PAT) at Rs 108 crore ...
General insurers will be missing the extended deadline of August 31 to settle 100 per cent of the claims arising out of the ...
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) has put its proposals to enter the banking and insurance sectors on the backburner.
It is, ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.56 per dollar, and moved up to 43.54 per dollar before closing lower at 43.57 per dollar today.
The ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has tied-up with National Insurance Company (NIC) to sell the latters mediclaim insurance policies.
The Bellwether Microfinance Fund, which aims to commercialise micro finance and open up access of funds for micro finance ...
National Insurance Company (NIC) is expected to stay in the black despite the Mumbai floods, which saw the company receive 3,000 ...
If you thought Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation shutting shop in India signalled a slowdown in Japanese banking activity in ...
Govt's decision not to pare stake below 51% may hamper banks' plan to raise funds.
Insurers fear that FDI cap may be locked in at 26% in the revised WTO services offer.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) yesterday, auctioned two papers-7.37 per cent 2014 and 7.50 per cent 2034 at cut off yield of ...
The spot rupee closed on a steady note at 43.5 per dollar today.Easing of oil prices perked up sentiment in the ...
Sate Bank of India (SBI) has entered into a partnership with Ashok Leyland to offer loans at soft terms for the entire range of ...
In a move that will make board representation on nationalised banks more in tune with the governments shareholding, the Centre ...
Life insurance industry grew by 21 per cent with LIC and 13 private players mopping up Rs 4,437 crore in the first three lean ...
Forex market
The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government on Tuesday introduced the Banking Companies (Acquisition and Transfer of ...
The Stressed Asset Stabilisation Fund (SASF) is harvesting profits from the legacy non-performing assets (NPAs) of Industrial ...
Neeraj Swaroop on Tuesday took over as chief executive officer of Standard Chartered Bank, India region.
He succeeds Christopher ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will foray into international bond trading through its foreign offices.
The bank proposes to do this by ...
Standard Chartered Bank is targeting 25,000 customers in Kolkata for its Manhattan credit card, by this December.
Viraj Tyagi, ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.55 per dollar, and closed the day at 43.53 per dollar as against the last weekend close of 43.54 per ...
In a bid to reform the debt market that trades securities worth over Rs 20,00,000 crore annually, the Centre is likely to grant ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $2.037 billion to $142.637 billion during the week ended August 5, 2005, according to the ...
Andhra Bank expects to open a branch in the United States in joint venture or partnership with other banks.

The government on Friday said there was no proposal to amend the Banking Regulations Act to make foreign banks keep more than 20 ...
Forex market
India has made a positive dent in Avivas Asian balance sheet.
The Indian joint venture (JV), a 26:74 partnership between Aviva ...
ICICI Bank is focusing on rural credit for its second phase of expansion after covering the retail space in some detail.
The bank ...
Intense competition for funds is putting pressure on players to raise their deposit rates.
Housing Development Finance ...
The spot rupee, which opened at 43.57 per dollar, closed on a firm note at 43.54 per dollar due to selling by banks.
The rupee ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) expects to sell about Rs 600 crore of mutual fund products with its mutual fund partners during the ...
Chief minister of Tamil Nadu J Jayalalithaa has requested the banks in the state to provide at least Rs 1,000 crore additionally ...
ICICI Bank, the largest new generation bank, has zeroed in on Kolkata for setting up a knowledge processing hub for the entire ...
Unlike the Latin American countries where the disbursal ratio is more proportionate in the microfinance sector, in India more ...
Bank of India (BoI) plans to open five new foreign offices and raise Rs 500 crore Tier-II capital to improve its capital adequacy ...
The Reserve Bank
of India (RBI) has filed a criminal complaint against the board of South Indian Co-operative Bank.
This is the ...
A price war among international banks, seeking to increase their exposure to Indian corporates, has led to a drop in costs of ...
All savings, including mutual fund schemes, fixed deposits, and small savings schemes, could come under the proposed taxation ...
Even as insurance companies are choking under a deluge of claims after the Mumbai floods, HDFC Chubb General Insurance Company ...
The spot rupee opened at  43.56 per dollar, but closed lower at 43.59 per dollar due to acute shortage of  cash ...
Existing SME portfolios would qualify for priority sector lending, and help many banks meet the stipulated targets, said HN ...
Nationalised banks told to double credit flow to SMEs by FY10.

Public sector banks are increasingly finding it difficult to make recoveries on loans extended to public sector undertakings ...
Fringe benefit tax (FBT) is not the sole reason why insurance companies are losing out on the group insurance business.
With the ...
Vijaya Bank may raise Tier II capital after December this year, if credit disbursal picks up as per expectations.
The spot rupee, which opened at 43.56 per dollar and moved in a range of 43.53-43.57 per dollar, closed on a steady note at 43.56 ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will encourage banks to set up a payment corporation to streamline the payment system.Y V ...
Public sector insurance companies have so far received more than 13,000 claims for over Rs 1,400 crore from traders and small ...
In a bid to help the farmers purchase tractors at competitive price and to introduce new tractor companies to the farmers, the ...
The insurance industry in India has been growing at a rate, which according to C S Rao, chairman of Insurance ...
Indian Bank has reported a 15.6 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 136.57 crore for the first quarter of 2005-06 compared with ...
Private general insurance companies are not perturbed by the current situation wherein the state insurance firms have settled on ...
Banks have submitted a draft to the Indian Banks Association (IBA) seeking clarification from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on ...
Credit card issuers are unruffled at ICICI Banks marketing coup making all its credit card offerings free for life.
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) has decided against pursuing a plan to enter the banking sector, a senior company official said ...
Private players seek refuge in catastrophe cover over motor claims.
The spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 43.58 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a steady note at 43.55 per dollar ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is likely to come up with a co-branded card with Corporation Bank, which will offer ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has disbursed collateral free loan amounting to Rs 800 crore to about 4,000 ...
Drop in NRI deposits is a major concern of Kerala banks in recent years.
Punjab National Bank will merge its regional rural banks (RRBs) in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana to create financially sound ...
Risk firms refuse to settle Mumbai flood claims on grounds of exorbitant service charges
The Indian banking industry will see a spate of mergers and acquisitions, as many of them might face problems in raising ...
Reserve Bank of India RBI deputy governor on Monday said delivery and governance issues were the focus of all policy actions ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked foreign banks to submit information on their non-banking finance (NBFC) arms.
The RBI ...
Corporation Bank may consider diluting the governments 6 per cent stake next year, making it the banks third public offer.

The spot rupee slipped to 43.53 per dollar
today as against the last weekend close of 43.48 per dollar.The government ...
The two players might explore the possibility of equity tie-up at a later stage.

Central bank says cannot make exception to the rule.

What do towns like Madhepura, better known to be Lalu Yadavs constituency; Rae Bareli; the Gandhi familys constituency; ...
Kolkata based United Bank of India (UBI) has registered a 30.8 per cent spurt in net profit to Rs 63.50 crore in the first ...
Domestic insurers have logged over 20,000 claims, as on date, on account of the recent floods in Maharashtra.
In value terms, the ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has announced a sharp increase in the interest rates for FCNR, RFC and NRE Term Deposits from ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) will set up a credit rating agency for small and medium enterprises in ...
Even while recognising the need for regulation of the growing microfinancing sector, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has adopted ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is contemplating raising tier-II capital between Rs 2,000 crore and Rs 3,000 crore after the Q2 ...
United Bank of India (UBI) today reported a 30.8% increase in net profit at Rs. 63.5 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $3.062 billion to $140.60 billion for the week ended July 29, 2005 when compared with the ...
Are signboards fixed above ATM centres advertisements, involving permission from the municipal authorities and payment of cess? ...
Allianz Bajaj has moved up by one notch to the third slot replacing HDFC Standard Life in terms of market share of insurance ...
Bank of India (BoI) on Friday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Nabard Consultancy Services (Nabcons) for appraisal ...
All the branches of the State Bank of Mysore will be brought under the core banking solution by the end of this financial year, Y ...
The draft vision document of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that provides direction to the IT initiatives of the financial ...
Consolidation in the banking sector has led to a monopolistic competition framework, similar to developed countries and other ...
After dethroning Citibank as the number one card issuer in India in January 2005, ICICI Bank has now moved to take an unbeatable ...
Higher credit growth during the current financial year has led to a decline in capital adequacy ratio (CAR) of most public sector ...
The Reserve Bank of India has specified that three Singapore banks  Development Bank of Singapore (DBS), Overseas Chinese ...
The transition of call money market from broad-based to inter-bank on Saturday is expected to be smooth.

The spot rupee, which opened at 43.51 per dollar, gained further to close at 43.49 per dollar on steady inflows.
The rupee had ...
Banks face a major challenge in terms of introducing innovative customer-friendly products and services and newer technologies to ...
JP Morgan Chase Bank expects the Indian rupee to depreciate by 3.5 per cent by December 2005 to 45 per dollar.
The estimated Rs 2,000 crore loss to insurers on account of the floods that ravaged Mumbai last week will not affect the premiums ...
Fear of a health hazard has prompted the finance ministry to direct state run insurance companies to settle shopkeepers and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has linked banks branch expansion plans to their overall mid-term corporate strategy.

Public sector banks have reduced their gross non-performing assets (NPAs) by a whopping Rs 4,068 crore during the quarter ended ...
The banking sector regulator feels peeved on being ignored.
World Bank head Paul Wolfowitz and Asian Development Bank chief Haruhiko Kuroda will visit India this month.
The spot rupee opened at 43.44 per dollar, but closed lower at 43.53 per dollar on buying by PSU banks.
The rupee had closed at ...
The Bank of England on Thursday cut its main interest rate by 25 basis points to 4.5% in response to the sharp slowdown in the UK ...
Important documents stored in several safe deposit vaults of bank were submerged in flood waters following last weeks heavy ...
The National Bank for Rural and Agricultural Development (Nabard) has sought Rs 14,000 crore from the government to provide ...
Lending to real estate sector by two leading foreign banks in India more than doubled in 2004-05. Real estate is one of the three ...
Profitability of domestic banks fell for the first time in three-and-a-half years.
The aggregate data of 38 public sector and ...
Domestic banks will have to provide separate capital exclusively for market risks under a proposed new capital structure  tier ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, but gained during the day to close at 43.45 per dollar as against the previous close ...
Allahabad Bank, in a bid to emphasis its relation with farmers and boost agricultural credit, has embarked on an exercise to ...
The floods that rocked the financial capital over the last one week hit the banking sector as well.
Bank branches were not only ...
Liquidity-the source of great concern till recently-has bounced back with renewed vigour in the bond markets this week.
Following ...
Most retail banks in India take pride in saying they are savvy-both when it comes to using technology and sensing retail customer ...
Important documents stored in several safe deposit vaults of bank were submerged in flood waters following last weeks heavy ...
The central government has directed insurance companies in Maharashtra to settle well over 20,000 claims in a week.
Private ...
The spot rupee dropped to 43.54 per dollar as against the Monday close of 43.42 per dollar on importer demand and buying by PSU ...
ICICI Bank edged past foreign banking majors Citibank and Standard Chartered Bank to emerge as the best retail bank in India, ...
A year ago Maratha Mandir Cooperative Bank went bust.
The fall began with a run on deposits at one of its branches caused by ...
North Block seeks list of weak banks from RBI.
The Centre has urged Power Finance Corporation (PFC) to look into the possibility of foraying into insurance for the power ...
The flood after record rainfall deprived Mumbaiites from the comforts of their credit and debit cards.

The Reserve Bank of India has directed the Bank of Rajasthan to offload only five per cent of its stake to a strategic partner ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today further liberalised the guidelines for non-government organisations (NGOs) raising external ...
Stand-alone health insurance companies may soon start their operations in India.
At least two domestic entities have evinced ...
The deal may have been struck yesterday, but the price could change depending upon how soon the shares of AMP Sanmar Life ...
CEO Graham Meyer explains the rationale behind the deal with Reliance Capital.
The Reserve Bank of India today launched the anonymous screen-based order matching (O&M) system for trading in the government ...
The rupee today rallied smartly against the dollar on the back of strong bunched up week-end dollar supplies amid a retreating ...
SBI gets nod from RBI for overseas acquisitions.
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is expected to take an equity of not less than 26 per cent in the newly-incorporated ...
Thousands of vehicles which lined up the submerged lanes of Mumbai on Tuesday are packing the service centres.
These include top ...
Industrial units have suffered heavy loses on account of torrential rains on Tuesday.
Reliance has put in a claim of over Rs 50 ...
LIQUIDITYExternal factors hold keyThe banking system will have enough liquidity this week.
The government ...
Dena Bank reported a net loss of Rs 189.30 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 as against a net profit of Rs 36.72 crore in ...
ICICI Bank today posted a 23% increase in net profit at Rs 530.01 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as against Rs ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $23 million to $137.538 billion for the week ended July 22, 2005, according to the weekly ...
Reliance Capital is one of several bidders for AMP Sanmar Life Insurance Company.
The joint venture partners, AMP and Sanmar ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) recorded a net profit of Rs 183.19 crore in the first quarter of 2005-06, higher by 4.92 per cent ...
The rupee closed at 43.47 per dollar, down from 43.46 per dollar on Tuesday.
It had touched a low of 43.52 in the morning as oil ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has recorded an increase of 15.54 per cent in net profit at Rs 1,222.83 crore for the first quarter ...
State Bank of India (SBI) posted a 15% growth in net profit at Rs 1,222.83 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as ...
UTI Mutual Fund (UTI MF) today entered in a strategic tie-up with Punjab and Sind Bank for distribution of its schemes.As ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has posted a 11% increase in net profit at Rs 358.16 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 as ...
ING Vysya Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 9.15 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as against to a net loss of Rs ...
Reserve Bank of India governor Y V Reddys discussions with the four wise men in the run up the quarterly review of ...
Second corporate entity to buy out core promoters of insurance firm within two months.
Health insurance
continues to remain a poor cousin of life insurance.
Though it is gradually reaching out to the urban customer, ...
The net profit of State Bank of Mysore fell 11.9 per cent from Rs 53.02 crore in Q1 FY 05 to Rs 41.71 crore for Q1 FY06.
The ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is to open a representative office in Guangzhou, China, in the second week of August 2005.
The office ...
The increasing number of complaints against the credit card companies has led the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to take stringent ...
Andhra Bank has reported a 43% slump in net profit at Rs 85.16 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as compared to Rs ...
Syndicate Bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at Rs 163.11 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 as against Rs ...
The cash transactions tax, introduced in the Budget this year, is hurting the pensioners of Uttar Pradesh.
The banks are ...
Rates left untouched in quarterly review, bond market euphoric
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has recorded an operating profit of Rs 147.42 crore and a net profit of Rs 47.61 crore during the ...
Led by the growth in securities broking business and premium income from life insurance business, Kotak Mahindra Bank announced a ...
Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) is planning to increase stake in Global Trade Finance (GTF), its joint venture with IFC, Washington, ...
In order to boost the foreign currency denominated deposits, the Reserve Bank of India today expanded the basket of currencies ...
Stance of monetary policy continues to be as set out in annual policy statement in April 2005.
Bank rate, reverse repo rate and ...
With the regulator raising the risk weightage for lending to real estate developers, industry watchers hope that there will be ...
Days after finance minister P Chidambaram cautioned against the irrational exuberance in the stock market, the Reserve Bank of ...
Expressing concern over credit quality in housing and real estate, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today increased risk weights ...
Bank credit during the current fiscal up to July 8, 2005 increased 6.6% to Rs 72,792 crore as against an increase of 5% (Rs ...
Prices of government securities rallied sharply after the RBI left key rates unchanged in the first quarterly review of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today left all the key interest rates unchanged in the first quarterly review of the monetary ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank today reported a 51% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 46.47 crore for the quarter ended June 30, ...
Union Bank of India posted a 14 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 240.39 crore for the first quarter ended June 2005, against Rs ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to pick a 9.8 per stake invest in Ratnagiri Gas and Power Private, while ICICI Bank along ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has initiated a due-diligence on four mid-sized banks overseas and would enter into negotiations for ...
Export-Import Bank (Exim Bank) has for the first time acquired an equity stake in a domestic company.
It has bought a 3 per cent ...
Indias gross domestic product (GDP) is likely grow by 6-7.2 per cent in the current financial year ending March 2006 on strong ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will clamp down on insolvent urban cooperative banks (UCBs), which accepts public deposits.

Banks have to reorient their resources (HR, branch network etc) to brace the new challenges of competition and the regulatory ...
Leaves rates unchanged; says pass-through of oil prices not yet complete.
The spot rupee opened at  43.48 per dollar, but buying by PSU banks saw it decline to 43.55 per dollar at close today.
The ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is evaluating four banks abroad for acquisition to expand its foreign operations in a bid to become one ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today released a document "Macroeconomic and Monetary Developments: First Quarter Review 2005-06" ...
Vijaya Bank today reported a 72% decline in net profit at Rs 27.56 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as against Rs ...
Union Bank of India has posted a 14% increase in net profit to Rs 240.39 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as ...
An increasing number of bond dealers is betting on a possible reverse repo rate hike by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its ...
LIQUIDITYRate concerns keyLiquidity will be comfortable.
The crucial factor will be the Reserve Bank of Indias ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $662 million to $137.561 billion for the week ended July 15, 2005 when compared with $136.899 ...
Canara Bank today reported a 44.45% decline in net profit at Rs 186.90 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as against ...
SBI Life Insurance plans to launch a guaranteed returns product for garnering about Rs 8,000 crore of the India Millennium ...
DSP Merrill Lynch (DSPML) has made a foray into fund-based activities through its newly formed non-banking financial company ...
Post 2006, RBI will exit primary and enter secondary market.
The quantum of RBI intervention could be as much as $700-800mn.
The spot rupee opened at 43.15 per dollar, but closed sharply lower at 43.50 per dollar amidst  heavy central bank ...
The spot rupee opened higher at 43.13/15 per dollar, but the rally was cut short by indirect intervention by the RBI. ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) has launched an unsecured loan product for small businesses, by the name ...
With the success of its Agricultural Consultancy Services (ACS), Canara Bank plans to strengthen it by conducting training ...
There is increasing investor appetite for convertible bonds, with a pool of about $25 billion of dedicated convertible bond funds ...
Market sees higher FII inflow, rupee may rise further.
The spot rupee opened  at 43.52 per dollar, but firmed up to close at 43.20 per dollar after the 2% yuan revulation.
The ...
China ended its decade-old currency peg to the dollar, and said it will let the yuan fluctuate versus a basket of ...
Corporation Bank today reported a 17% increase in net profit at Rs 123.52 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 as against Rs ...
Andhra Bank is planning to start its operations in Dubai soon.
The bank recently received approval from the Reserve Bank of India ...
Reinsurance has failed to play a major role in the domestic insurance industry in complete contrast to the international scene.
The most productive insurance agents could well come from the Kotak Mahindra stable following the setting up of Club 51 by the ...
Possible systematic risks in the financial sector has forced the three regulators, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.54 per dollar, and closed a tad higher at 43.53 per dollar today.The mood was bearish in the ...
The government is in favour of maintaining uniformity in pay structures of all of its nominees."All government nominees, ...
The technical advisory panel on monetary policy of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today discussed the macroeconomic developments ...
UTI Bank has raised Rs 500 crore by issuing unsecured, subordinated, redeemable non-convertible debentures of Rs 10 lakh ...
The Union Ministry of Textile and Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) have jointly introduced the Janashri and additional ...
The UK-based Eura Audit International, a network of more than 150 independent accountancy firms, has kicked off its Indian ...
Munimjee, a finance and accounting business process outsourcing (BPO) services is planning Rs 10 crore investment in one year for ...
Allahabad Bank has set in motion the formation of the Allahabad Bank Rural Development Trust (ABRDT) to monitor the banks rural ...
Federal Bank will be finalising the process of postal ballot soon for getting the shareholders consent for raising its capital ...
The Life Insurance Corporation has no proposal for extending fresh loans to the power sector of UP and the UP State Transport ...
An agent transformed into a chief executive officer (CEO), Gary R Bennett, the new head at Max New York Life Insurance Company, ...
Yet another foreign bank has exited new car financing business.
After HSBC and Standard Chartered, ABN Amro Bank is the latest ...
The Reserve Bank of India may decide to wait for a while and not disturb the macro economic scenario by effecting a reverse repo ...
The spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 43.57 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a steady note at 43.55 per dollar ...
The board of directors of Bank of India (BoI), at its meeting held on June 30, 2005, has approved an investment not exceeding Rs ...
Bharat Overseas Bank is planning to tap the capital market in October with an initial public offering (IPO) to fund expansion ...
Shriram Life Insurance Company, the recently-formed joint venture between the city-based Shriram group and the South Africa-based ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is planning to come out with an initial public offer (IPO) by December 2005 to meet the ...
The finance ministry has given the go-ahead to Bank of Baroda (BoB) to tap the capital market in September for funding its ...
Bank of India (BOI) has decided to increase financing to the agriculture sector for various operations besides expanding its ...
Bank loans will now be rated in India.
This new rating, today launched by rating agency, Crisil, is expected to serve the ...
In the wake of many family-owned businesses running into trouble as in the case of Reliance, Bajaj, the Birlas, and a host of ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has put detariffing of motor insurance on the backburner.
At a time ...
The battle for the control Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL) between co-promoters The Chatterjee Group (TCG), the government of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today cleared the auction of the 10.25 per cent
2021 paper at a cut-off yield of 7.80 per cent.
The spot rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, and closed at a low of 43.55 per dollar following corporate demand.Prices of ...
IDBI Capital Market Services today signed an agreement with India Post for retailing government securities (G-Secs).The ...
General Insurance Corporation raises objections to unreasonable pricing.

The Orissa State Cooperative Bank (OSCB) intends to revive its bancassurance business after meeting the RBI guideline on ...
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank introduced a funds transfer facility called Money Quick under the real time gross settlement ...
Abu Dhabi Commercial Banks Indian operations have reported a loss of Rs 50.20 crore in 2004-05 against a net profit of Rs 9.63 ...
Industrial Development Bank of Indias commercial banking unit aims to disburse Rs 1,000 crore worth of personal loans this ...
The spot rupee is expected to hover in the range of 43.50-60 to a dollar during the week.
Foreign exchange dealers said, ...
The government securities market may witness buying demand before the auction
. If the cut-off yield in the auction
is ...
The primary market is not expecting any major issues as the growing uncertainty over underlying gilt rates have made issuers ...
The usual rush for working capital is expected to keep the demand for commercial paper high.

There are two set of auctions of the treasury bills proposed to be held this week: 91-day and 364-day for Rs 2,000 crore each.

Call rates are expected to rule softer with liquidity set to improve this week.
Besides call rates, collateralised lending and ...
Liquidity is likely to improve this week gradually as the government is yet to kick off its expenditure.

Foreign exchange reserves declined $544 million to $136.899 billion for the week ended July 8, 2005, according to the weekly ...
UBS, one of the worlds leading financial firms, has decided to establish its information technology and information technology- ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development of Authority (Irda) has decided to crack the whip on corporate agents and has come out with ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has posted a 20.8 per cent jump in net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 ...
The net foreign exchange assets of the banking sector have declined by Rs 14,595 crore to Rs 6,34,660 crore this fiscal from ...
The spot rupee closed on a flat note at 43.5250 per dollar
as against the last close of 43.53 per dollar.
With RBI ...
Allahabad Bank today reported a 18% increase in net profit at Rs 162.98 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as ...
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited, Visakhapatnam region, comprising the five districts of West and East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, ...
The governments restructuring proposal for Punjab & Sind Bank has run into trouble with the Reserve Bank of India refusing ...
The Canada-based Sun Life Financial, with funds under management in excess of $150 billion, proposes to invest in the Indian ...
The Insurance Regulatory Authority of India (Irda) has come out with guidelines with regard to group insurance policies.
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said global economic uncertainities had surpassed earlier estimates, ...
The rupee opened at 43.54 per dollar and closed weaker at 43.53 per dollar as against the last close of 43.51 per ...
UTI Bank today reported a 31% increase in net profit at Rs 92.63 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as against Rs ...
Yields of government securities have been firming up ahead of the first quarterly review of the monetary policy by the Reserve ...
HDFC Bank has registered a 31% increase in its net profit at Rs 183.53 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2005 as ...
Financial Software and Systems (FSS), an e-payments solutions provider has partnered with Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) to ...
Kolkata-based UCO Bank is planning to give a big push to small scale industry disbursement in the region.
The bank has tied with ...
Liquidity is gradually waning from the system and is also putting pressure on interest rates.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Debt brokers are seeking a level playing field following the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) initiative to launch an electronic ...
Conglomerate supervision has taken off with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) going through the books of major corporates, banks, ...
Indian corporates increasing preference for yen borrowings is seen turning riskier with the rising US interest rates.
The spot rupee closed on a steady note at 43.51 per dollar.Sentiment was bearish in the government securities market ...
Kolkata-based computerised accounts training institute, the Institute of Computer Accountants (ICA) has tied up with the State ...
United Bank of India has entered into talks with Exim Bank and National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) for ...
UCO Bank has decided to raise Rs 200 crore of Tier-II capital soon to shore up its capital adequacy ratio.

Canara Bank stood on top of the podium, followed by State bank of Mysore for the direct linkage and Vijaya Bank won the prize for ...
Yes Bank scrip got listed at Rs 65 per share, at a 44.4 per cent premium to the issue price Rs 45, on the Bombay Stock Exchange ...
Sahara India Financial Corporation and Peerless General Finance and Investment Company have come under the close scrutiny of the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may start unwinding the market stabilisation scheme (MSS) in the wake of continuing shortage in ...
Non-banking finance arms of Citigroup, Standard Chartered, Rabo Finance, DSP Merrill Lynch and Kotak Mahindra are queuing up to ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.51 per dollar, and closed at 43.54 per dollar as against the previous close of 43.57 per ...
Yes Bank has made a strong debut on the BSE today.
Against its IPO price of Rs 45, the stock got listed at Rs 65 on the BSE - a ...
The Mangalore-based South Kanara District Central Co-operative Bank has bagged the Special Recognition Award from the National ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) will seek a greater share of revenues from advisory services, its executive ...
Wincor Nixdorf International GmbH, the third largest ATM manufacturer in the world, is mulling of setting up an assembling unit ...
HSBC has decided to set up a holding company in India called HSBC NBFC for its non-banking financial activities.

Dena Bank is looking at raising Rs 700 crore as Tier-I and Tier-II capital for meeting the regulatory requirements of 12 per cent ...
IDBI chairman V P Shetty today denied any move to merge IFCI with itself.

After strengthening its hold worldwide, the Punjab National Bank is now trying to attract exporters, fixing its export target for ...
Centurion Bank announced a 251.4 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 11.1 crore during the first quarter of the current fiscal as ...
The shortage of rupee liquidity has also affected the foreign exchange market which is seeing a rise in rates for one and two ...
Industrial Development Bank of India Ltd (IDBI) has decided to launch a life insurance venture in collaboration with a foreign ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will embark on an initial public offering (IPO) for its proposed joint venture ...
The governments proposal allowing housing finance companies (HFCs) and non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to access overseas ...
Bank seeks further rate reduction on debts.
The spot rupee opened at 43.58 per dollar, and closed at 43.57 per dollar today as against the last weekend close of 43.61 per ...
In a major move after becoming a universal banker from a development financial institution, IDBI was in the process of floating ...
Dena Bank might require Rs 700 crore as Tier I and Tier II capital for meeting the regulatory requirements of 12% capital ...
The state government has roped in the Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS) and Franklin Templeton for investing in the 20,000-acre ...
Vizag-based Kanakam-ahalakshmi Cooperative Bank Limited is planning to open four more branches over the next three to four years ...
Dealers have a mixed view on the trend for the spot rupee.
While a section of the market feels the local currency is under ...
India has an edge over developed countries when it comes to terrorism insurance.
The Indian general insurance
industry had set up ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is set to acquire management stake in a Bangladesh-based bank, besides opening more branches ...
Housing finance major Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) is planning to raise $500 million through foreign currency ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $1.447 billion to $137.443 billion for the week ended July 1, 2005 when compared with the ...
LIC sets the ball rolling on Islamic insurance.

The state government has roped in the Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS) and Franklin Templeton for investing in the 20,000-acre ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) plans to launch an international real estate fund to cater to the demand of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced setting up a six-member technical advisory committee on monetary policy, which ...
The rupee strengthened against the dollar a day after the London city blasts.
Government bond prices, however, dropped on rising ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) would consider any proposal to take control of UTI Mutual Fund, currently managed by UTI Asset ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.63, and closed a tad higher at 43.61  per dollar today.Despite a moderate inflation ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced the setting up of a technical advisory committee on monetary policy.The ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today paid a dividend of Rs 38.4 crore for 2004-05 to the centre, which is its principal ...
The fourteen listed commercial banks in the western region have recorded a marginal 2.8 per cent decline in net profit in ...
The Surat Bankers Clearing Houses (SBCH) decision to restart high value clearing from later in the month, has been welcomed by ...
Private insurance player Max New York Life has tied up with A P Mahesh Urban Cooperative Bank for a bancassurance partnership.

The London blasts hit the Indian foreign exchange market hard with the rupee sliding by one-fifth of a percentage point to the ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has approached the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to increase its exposure limit to the ...
The Asian Development Bank Project is giving final touches to a Rs 300 crore horticulture project for Himachal Pradesh, according ...
Foreign institutional investor (FII) SLAC Mauritius Investments has pared its entire stake in HDFC Bank in the open market.

Close on the heels of the State Bank of India rejigging its business, Bank of India (BoI) has also embarked on a similar ...
Satellite branches will not be more than 600-800 sq ft of swank, modern office space.
Dena Bank, in a first of its kind in the banking sector, is planning to raise equity though a preferential allotment to the ...
Sentiment on terrorism risk will suffer with a series of seven blasts that rocked the European financial capital of London.
Since ...
As the countrys largest foreign bank, Citigroup, hits close to Rs 1,000 crore mark in terms of its bottomline, its smaller ...
The rupee opened at 43.61 and fell to a low of 43.67 per dollar
before closing lower at 43.65 per dollar.
Fall in oil ...
To take advantage of new RBI guidelines, HDFC Bank is planning to float a NBFC outfit and start fund-based activity, Jagdish ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has shifted securities worth Rs 6,174 crore from available for sale (AFS) category to held to maturity (HTM) ...
Indian corporates and financial intermediaries have raised well in excess of Rs 73,000 crore in the first half(H1) of calendar ...
State Bank of India has initiated the implementation of a major customer satisfaction drive in the state.
Venture finance and managerial support services company GVFL Ltd (formerly known as Gujarat Venture Finance Ltd) has sold its ...
The launch of the India Power Fund (IPF), a venture capital fund for the power sector proposed to be set up by the Power Finance ...
Bankers have appealed to the finance ministry to restore tax sops on deposits that were removed in the annual budget of 2005-06 ...
Crisil has pared its board composition from 12 members to eight following a majority stake acquisition by Standard & Poors ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today accepted bids of only Rs 697 crore against the notified amount of Rs 2,000 crore in the ...
The countrys largest financial institution, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), will now offer performance-linked ...
The ratio of volatile capital inflows to foreign exchange reserves increased marginally to 36.8 per cent at the end of March 2005 ...
SBI Comm and Intl may handle equity broker finance.

State-owned Oriental Insurance Company today reported over 4% rise in net profit at Rs 330.52 crore netting premium income of Rs ...
The spot rupee opened at  43.56 per dollar, and closed lower at 43.59 per dollar.Prices of government securities ...
Nutan Nagarik Sahakari Bank, an Ahmedabad-based multi state co-operative bank, has posted a net profit of Rs 3.07 crore for the ...
United Bank of India has entered into talks with Exim Bank and National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) for ...
HDFC Standard Life, part of the Rs 30,000-crore HDFC group, achieved a new business premium of nearly Rs 486 crore in the fiscal ...
As many as 10,000 employees of the State Bank of India will observe a day-long strike in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh ...
Dena Bank has ambitious plans to reduce its net non-performing assets (NPAs) by 60 per cent to 2.0 per cent by end-March 2006, ...
Some automated teller machines (ATMs) will shortly be independent of banks as Euronet India kick starts with the first set of 25 ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is seeking amendment to the Sidbi Act to step up credit to small and ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is encashing on the increasing trend of overseas Indians returning back to the ...
Kotak Mahindra Venture Fund has sold 2.04% stake in Allsec Technologies to bring down its holdings in the Chennai-based BPO to ...
The rupee opened at 43.57 per dollar, and dipped to a low of 43.60 before closing a tad lower at 43.56 as against the last close ...
SBI Mutual Fund (SBI MF) has targeted to raise up to Rs 500 crore through its commodity-based equity fund Magnum Comma Fund, ...
IL&FS Investsmart, a financial service provider, plans to market life and general insurance products in the next four months ...
Stating that there have been as many as 809 defaulters who have defaulted nationalised banks to the tune of Rs one crore or more ...
Bharat Overseas Bank Limited (BOBL) is planning to enter the capital market in September or October.
BOBL, which enjoys a ...
The Andhra Pradesh Bank Employees Federation (APBEF) today released the list of all the defaulters of Rs 1-crore and above to ...
IndusInd Bank plans to float an asset reconstruction company (ARC), subject to Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) approval.
The inter-institutional group of financial institutions will soon meet to discuss the financing of Reliance Energys (REL) Rs ...
The life insurance sector has seen a change in the rankings of players in the first month of this financial year.

The finance ministry has intervened on behalf of public sector banks to ensure 24-hour connectivity of their branches.
Rakesh Mohan returned to the Mint Road on Saturday after spending an eight-month stint in the North Block as the economic affairs ...
Banks have opted for the instrument to ensure adequate liquidity.
Of 25 overseas debt issues in H1, 24 companies opted for the FCCB route.

The spot rupee opened at 43.57 per dollar, and closed at 43.55 per dollar as against the last weekend close of 43.48 per dollar. ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today revised interest rates on foreign currency non-resident FCNR(B) and NRE savings and term ...
Move will help private sector bank step up corporate lending.
Centurion Bank will introduce target variable incentive (TVI) for Bank of Punjab (BoP) employees following the proposed merger of ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) has plans to augment its Tier-II capital further by about Rs 150 crore in the current fiscal to ...
Indian Banks Association (IBA) has initiated talks with state-run telecom majors BSNL and MTNL for providing 24-hour connectivity ...
India's foreign exchange reserves declined by $676 million for the week-ended June 24, 2005 due to revaluation of international ...
Syndicate Bank may merge four of its regional rural banks (RRBs) in Karnataka.

Indian Inc raised a total of $721.66 million through the external commercial borrowing (ECB) route in May.

State Bank of India (SBI) plans to bring down its higher transaction costs and gross non-performing assets (NPA).
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today decided to withdraw its sanction for banks investments in venture capital funds as ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is likely to pick up a 21 per cent stake in Infrastructure Leasing and Financial ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) yesterday instructed banks to cap their exposure to the real estate sector.
Leading global private banks are in a tearing hurry to hire people.
Even before getting the regulators nod for banking licences, ...
A fresh PG student gets between Rs 2.5 lakh and Rs 5 lakh annually.
The rupee opened at 43.49 per dollar, and moved a tad higher to close at 43.48 per dollar.
Apprehension of government ...
ICICI Bank has raised interest rates on non-resident external rupee (NRE) savings account, NRE fixed deposits and foreign ...
Syndicate Bank has earmarked Rs 100 crore of bad debts to be transferred to an asset reconstruction company (ARC) during the ...
Canara Bank will launch on Friday, CanRelax, an annuity product, as part of its centenary year celebrations, chairman and ...
Bobcards India Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bank of Baroda (BoB), will open 25 more new branches in the country.

Andhra Bank (AB) is aiming to sanction Rs 1,000 crore worth educational loans by the end of March 2006.
So far, the bank has ...
Union Bank of India will tap the capital market through public offer of eight crore shares which could fetch it about Rs 800 ...
The Centre is among the 16 shareholders of Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) offering part of their stakes to ...
IndusInd Bank today announced a 29.08 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 62.91 crore for the quarter ended March 2005 against Rs ...
Syndicate Bank proposes to set up two subsidiaries  a venture capital fund of Rs 12.5 crore for rural development and a business ...
Indian insurers and capital market intermediaries will be able to set up operations in Singapore under the Comprehensive Economic ...
The rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, and moved up to 43.51 on the back of dollar selling by banks before closing at 43.52 per ...
IndusInd Bank  today reported a 19.81% decline in net profit at Rs 210.15 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as against ...
Union Bank of India will tap the capital market through a public offer of eight crore shares, which could fetch it about Rs 800 ...
The board of directors of Federal Bank, which met yesterday, has approved a proposal to raise Rs 450 crore by means of a public ...
The Board of Directors of Centurion Bank and Bank of Punjab today approved a swap ratio of 4:9 for the merger of the two banks ...
The signing of a memorandum of understanding (MoU)between the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the government of Gujarat (GoG) on ...
Geojit Financial Services, a joint venture between C J George and Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation Ltd, plans to ...
Nasser Munjee will take charge as chairman of the Development Credit Bank (DCB) from August 1.
Appointed on a non-executive ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) has posted a net loss of Rs 163 crore for the year ended March 2005 against a profit of Rs 17.36 ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has seen an 80 per cent growth in the premium collection during the first quarter of ...
Union bank of India, Corporation Bank, Dena Bank and Bank of India have pared gilt kitty to 25%.
Insurance firms are betting on a waiver of the FBT on superannuation funds.

The rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, and closed lower at 43.57 per dollar today.The finance ministry statement that ...
Hit by provisions for wage arrears and depreciation, Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) today reported a 91.86% decline in net profit at Rs ...
Syndicate Bank, which is entering the capital market for the second time, is planning to foray into the BPO sector and is ...
There is a mad rush by banks in emerging markets to adopt the internal ratings based (IRB) approach for credit risks under the ...
If the Reserve Bank of India has its way, you could soon lose the facility of having multiple credit cards with a combined credit ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will be given the first choice to buy the governments strategic holdings in ITC ...
The Reserve Bank of India has set up a task force to look into the functioning of co-operative banks in the state.
An agreement ...
Syndicate Bank is awaiting the Reserve Bank of Indias approval for setting up representative offices in Dubai and South Africa. ...
ICICI Bank's market share in the over $20 billion non-resident Indian (NRI) inward remittance business has swelled to 25 per cent ...
Commercial banks' dependence on certificates of deposits (CDs) for resources has jumped 2.47 times since January 2005.
The ...
The government may not proceed with its scheduled auction, to be held between July 1 and 8, for Rs 10,000 crore following a fall ...
Unhappy with the bipartite wage pact signed on June 2 this year, junior level officers in the banking sector have formed a body ...
The government today cleared the appointment of Ashok Jha, a 1969 batch IAS officer from the Andhra Pradesh cadre, as secretary, ...
The rupee dipped today, but recovered from early lows on easing demand for the dollar from importers.
The rupee finished ...
The rupee started weak, but improved marginally against the dollar during the early trading on the interbank foreign exchange ...
The government of Andhra Pradesh (AP) today signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Reserve Bank of India (RBI) with ...
The interbank call rates zoomed past the repo rate of 6 per cent today in order to cope up with the receding liquidity in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to computerise the entire banking operations of co-operative banks in the state to ...
Despite two liquidated Surat-based co-operative banks having submitted claims with the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee ...
ABN Amro Bank has decided to raise its home loan rates by 25 basis points effective July 21.
The finance ministers statement ...
LIC Housing Finance today announced a 72.91 per cent dip in net profit to Rs 14.17 crore in the quarter ended March 31, 2005 ...
Indian Banks major thrust over the next three years will be on recovering Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,200 crore of bad debts.
K C ...
Bank of Punjab is likely to surrender its banking licence to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) following its merger with Centurion ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is likely to be the first nationalised bank to introduce performance-related pay for almost 2,800 of its ...
Sentiment was bullish in the forex market today.The spot rupee opened at 43. 5250 per dollar and moved up to an intra-day ...
LIC Housing Finance has reported a 73% slump in its fourth quarter net profit at Rs 14.17 crore for the quarter ended March 31, ...
Karur Vysya Bank Ltd (KVB) expects to open 10 more branches during the current fiscal.
The bank also plans to launch internet and ...
The Corporation Bank has raised $100 million at competitive rates from overseas correspondents as a part of its plan to augment ...
Standard Chartered today announced the appointment of Neeraj Swaroop, as chief executive of Standard Chartered Bank India, ...
The external committee set up by the Reserve Bank of India on merger of cooperative banks has approved four merger proposals at a ...
The ailing Punjab and Sind Bank has been assured more capital infusion from the government, but were asked to gear up deposit ...
Forex reserves increased by $1.04 billion for the week ended June 17, 2005.The forex reserves stood at $1,39,566 million, ...
The countrys second largest commercial bank, ICICI Bank, is replicating its Canadian retail banking success story in the UK ...
With corporates and institutions tapping the international markets, there is a need to fine-tune macro policies in a much broader ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today imposed a penalty of Rs 5 lakh on ING Vysya Bank for violating guidelines concerning sale ...
AML norms to cover stock exchanges, broking firms, MFs and insurance.

RBI panel wants to deepen market.
The despondency with which the bond market lumbered into the financial year in April is proving to be unwarranted as yields are ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed importers to cancel and rebook all forward contracts to hedge current account ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), the regulatory body for insurers, is learnt to be working on a set of ...
The rupee ends weaker today, as importers stepped up dollar purchases while the euro lost ground overseas and BSE eased from ...
The Reserve Bank of India today stated it has cancelled the certificate of registration issued to Mumbai-based, erstwhile Tata ...
Centurion Bank has selected Equation a state of the art solution for Banking requirements by Misys, a provider of banking ...
APInvest, set up by Andhra Pradesh government for getting investments into the state, is currently negotiating with Celestica, ...
Indian banks may be permitted to use a slew of new capital-raising instruments including perpetual debt securities, convertible ...
The Ministry of Railways is considering a proposal to make the Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) an umbrella body for ...
The volume of government securities market zoomed today to clock Rs 8,000 crore, the highest in the current calendar year.
At Rs 841/share for a total of Rs 1,007.09cr; Standard's holding drops to 9.35%.
The spot rupee opened at  43.51 per dollar, and touched an intra-day high of 43.49 per dollar.
It, however, drifted lower to ...
Canara Bank today reported a 1% decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,363.98 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as ...
i-flex, Mumbai-based maker of core banking software, flexcube, said it had agreed to buy an operational risk management software ...
Rating agency Crisil and the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) today announced launch of a grading ...
National Insurance (NIC) which had occupied the position of largest general insurance player for a couple of months last year, ...
Citigroup ranks India among the top five markets in the world in terms of its focus areas.
Among other priority markets, the ...
Corporates are refinancing loans in yen against the earlier trend of dollar refinancing as the London interbank bid and offer ...
The Kapol Co-operative Bank
Ltd is planning to acquire the troubled Mumbai-based Samasta Nagar Co-operative Bank.

Bank of Punjab has revoked its February order of alloting 18.78 per cent preferential shares to five investors  Bank of Nova ...
Sentiment was weak in the forex market today.
After dipping to an early low of 43.63 per dollar, the spot rupee moved up to close ...
The YES Bank IPO, which closed today, has been subscribed 19.79 times.According to data on the NSE website, as against ...
The finance ministry will set targets for PSU banks on 11 financial parameters and six qualitative aspects in an agreement that ...
Two Surat-based co-operative banks that were liquidated last year have submitted insurance claims worth over Rs 90 crore with the ...
The State Bank of Indias (SBIs) Bhopal circle, which covers Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, plans to focus on small ...
Bankers see no immediate need for any interest rate hike, with most banks offering home loans at around 7.75-8 per cent.

Seven executive directors have been notified to take charge with immediate effect to fill up the top vacancies at seven public ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is set to keep over 100 of its branches open from 8 am to 8 pm by June 30.
Already 51 of the banks branches ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) is planning to raise around Rs 300 crore through an initial public offering (IPO) in the current ...
The government will allow three Singapore banks  DBS Holdings Ltd, Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation and United Overseas Bank ...
The $11.88 billion Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) has picked up 4.06 per cent in HDFC Bank through open market ...
Close on the heels of a merger between two new generation private sector banks, the fifth largest private sector bank  Federal ...
Bank of Punjab is set to be merged with Centurion Bank triggering the phase of consolidation among private sector banks.

The award staff union at State Bank of India (SBI)  SBI Staff Association has decided to go on a one-day strike on June 29 to ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) is close to signing a strategic alliance with UCO Bank to boost credit flow to ...
Finalising the Agri-Credit Plan, chairman and CEO of Karnataka Bank Ltd, Ananthakrishna said there is a need to enlarge the ...
Minister for co-operation R V Deshpande on Thursday said, all farmers clearing their outstanding loans under the one time ...
Private insurance player, Aviva Life Insurance, India, is asking for more commercial flexibility from the Insurance Regulatory ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has shelved its proposal for $120 million global depository receipts (GDR) issue.At its AGM ...
Foreign exchange reserves fell by $135 million for the week ending June 11, 2005.The forex reserves now stand at ...
Syndicate Bank will issue five crore equity shares in a second public issue, slated to open in July, to meet stricter capital ...
Syndicate Bank plans to hit the market with its second public issue of equity shares in the first week of July at a premium to be ...
Domestic banks have lent a record Rs 7,000 crore to the three sensitive sectors - capital market, real estate and commodity - in ...
The Japanese are not only active in the Indian equity markets but also have shown keen interest in increasing exposure to fixed ...
Punjab & Sind Bank has come up with an elaborate restructuring plan.
The recast blueprint - spanning over two to three years ...
Goldman Sachs Mauritius today bought 1.84 per cent stake in UTI Bank for Rs 116.54 crore.
It picked up over 50.26 lakh shares at ...
FM said the banks were merely seizing an opportunity for profit.

Top private banks in the country are considering raising the interest rates on all consumer loans in an attempt to protect ...
Reserve Bank today stuck to its monetary policy stance of 7% growth projection despite the delay in monsoon."There is no ...
Aiming to maintain it's growth level of 20%, Punjab National Bank (PNB) is eyeing to usher it's total business from Rs. 1,63,000 ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has called for provision of warranties for houses as housing is the largest ...
The Gujarat government has come up with a novel concept to conserve trees.
Link them to Hindu mythology and astrology.
Public sector banks in a bid to adopt to the competitive trends, are beginning to go one up over private sector and ...
CLSA Merchant Bankers Ltd today bought about a 2.86 per cent stake in Kotak Mahindra Bank for around Rs 124.80 crore.
It bought ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has sought the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) permission to raise $250-$300 million ...
ING Vysya Bank, in a bid to get back on track, is aiming for a business volume of Rs 24,000 crore in this fiscal.
Of this, the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) planning to float retail bonds of over Rs 3,000 crore in the third quarter (Q3) of this fiscal year, A ...
Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank has signed an agreement with Kuoni Travel (India) Pvt Ltd to offer Western Union Money ...
Yes Bank, which entered the capital market with an initial public offering of 70 million equity shares, will be tying up with a ...
ICICI Bank was BPL's lead bank and accounted for 35% of it's total debt of Rs 1,400cr.
Singapore-based DBS Bank will invest Rs 228 crore to take 37.5 per cent in the Murugappa Group-controlled Cholamandalam ...
The rupee rebounded today, helped by FII inflows and demand for dollars eased down, as the euro recovered against the dollar. ...
Punjab National Bank expects its retail loans to grow by around 35 per cent to Rs 15,000 crore in 2005-06 (April-March), general ...
The corporate bond market witnessed brisk trading in oil bonds on Wednesday even as bearish currents prevailed in the money ...
STRIPS may not have made an entry into the domestic debt market but the foreign exchange market is witnessing the advent of a new ...
Diverging from its earlier plans, Allahabad Bank (AllBank) has decided to merge its six regional rural banks (RRB) into two ...
International rating agency Fitch Ratings has downgraded the national rating of Development Credit Banks (DCB) Rs 1,600 crore ...
Private insurance player, Aviva is unlikely to buy out AMP Sanmar in India.
Issue subscribed 5.5 times.
The rupee slipped today on growing concerns over a steadily widening trade deficit and wariness over the euro's weakness against ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has posted a 18% increase in profit after tax of Rs 1123.83 crore for the year ...
Allahabad Bank has charted out several initiatives for its growth strategy, which includes a new HR policy, organisational ...
The Reserve Bank of India has recommended an amendment to the Securities Contract Regulation (SCRA) to accommodate over the ...
Big brother is watching.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed banks to closely track the spends of an international ...
In an effort to give a fillip to electronic mode of payment, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has waived processing charges for ...
Inverse floaters have made a come back after a gap of two years.
The need for higher returns by mutual funds and a slight change ...
In an interesting case which could drastically alter the recently signed wage pact in the banking sector, the Jabalpur High Court ...
The rupee rebounded today, on easing importer demand for the dollar but the market was wary ahead of key data from the United ...
India Inc mobilised Rs 55,184 crore through private placement of bonds in 2004-05. This is 14 per cent higher than Rs 48,428 ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has exceeded the prudential credit exposure limit set by the Reserve Bank of India to Reliance ...
Canara Bank continues to fall behind on its plan to rollout a new core banking software across its branches.
The bank, after ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decreased the number of reviews to be undertaken by bank boards.
In a circular issued to the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today highlighted the general perception that accounting statements have failed to inform of the ...
South Indian Bank (SIB), an old private sector bank, is planning to raise its capital base from Rs 450 crore to Rs 1,000 crore ...
The working group set up by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to review export credit has hinted at the need for a prudential limit ...
The Gujarat Circle of the Department of Posts, has secured the number one position in the postal life insurance business in the ...
The rupee staged its biggest one-day loss since early February to end at a one-and-half week low today as the dollar rallied ...
The Dewan Housing Finance Corporation (DHFL) board at its meeting to held on  June 17, 2005, are to consider raising $50 ...
Chairman of the Administrative Staff College of India M Narasimham, who is considered to be the architect of banking sector ...
Private sector entity Sangli Bank is planning to hit the capital market in next six months to mop up Rs 100-150 crore through an ...
Insurance companies now a days are raking their brains over such questions as what is the aggregate risk concentration at M G ...
Aviva India, a 26:74 joint venture between Aviva Plc and Dabur, has launched two new unit-linked products - group gratuity ...
Aviva Plc, the fifth largest insurer in the world and ninth in terms of market share in India, is expecting 10 per cent of its ...
Hit by the revaluation of international currencies, India's foreign exchange reserves dipped by a massive $1.16 billion for the ...
Foreign exchange reserves dipped by a massive $1.16 billion for the week ended June 3, 2005.The forex reserve now stands ...
India was among the fastest growing countries in the world in terms of HNIs.
Kotak Mahindra Bank, which offers the entire spectrum of financial needs for individuals and corporates, has identified Gujarat, ...
Rabo Bank will participate in the Yes Banks initial public offering (IPO) to maintain its stake in the bank at 20 per cent.
Yes ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank plans to open about 50-60 branches to more than double its network in two years.
To tap emerging ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will file its affidavit in response to the Calcutta High Court stay on its order banning Price ...
The Reserve Bank of India and five state governments were talking, to revive loss making urban co-operative banks, RBI Deputy ...
Four mortgage loan schemes conceived by the Vijayawada zone of State Bank of India (SBI) have been approved by the banks head ...
The float will remain open for subscription from June 15 to 21.
The co-operative bankers of Surat have sought the repeal of tax on cash transactions imposed in the Union Budget 2005-06. The tax ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed banks to settle claims and release the payments to the survivor of a deceased ...
The third instalment of the private placement of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) bonds has been oversubscribed to the extent ...
Centurion Bank could resort to second phase of capital infusion if it finds opportunities to grow inorganically.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today opened the repo and reverse repo facility for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and ...
European and American insurers currently not having any operations in India are wooing Australian insurer AMP to pick up its ...
Credit demand, higher adequacy driving move.

The government has said banks may find it difficult to provide for bad and doubtful assets this year in the wake of lower ...
The rupee slipped lower for the first time in six sessions today as the dollar eyed a nine-month high versus the euro. ...
Spandana, a microfinance institution (MFI) which offers innovative financial solutions to poor women in slums and semi-slums of ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India Limited (IDBI Limited) opened its third branch in Hyderabad on Wednesday.
It plans to ...
The government securities mart seems to have regained vigour, registering a volume of Rs 7,500 crore plus for the second day in a ...
The path for liquidating the Surat-based The Royale Co-operative Bank has been cleared, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The rupee rose for the fifth straight session to a near-three-week closing high today, drawing support from the dollar's drop ...
Asian Development Bank (ADB) is likely to provide technical assistance for toning up tax administration in the country from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed Indian banks to extend financial assistance to companies for acquisition of equity in ...
Goldman Sachs, the $20 billion global financial powerhouse, has announced plans to double its shared services manpower in India ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB)s south zone units have targeted a growth of 28 per cent in total business during the current financial ...
The possibility of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) revoking the license of the Surat-based The Century Co-operative Bank has ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) is planning to lower the salaries of the erstwhile Global Trust Bank (GTB) employees in coming ...
The restructuring of ownership of AMP Sanmar Life Company will have no impact on policyholders either which way.
Concerned over the operational risks involved, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to issue guidelines on outsourcing to ...
Rabo India Securities Pvt Ltd, a 100 per cent subsidiary of Rabo India Finance, has received a Category 1 merchant banking ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy today said core inflation had been fairly low barring supply shocks in the form of ...
Interests of policyholders, employees and shareholders to be safeguarded.
RBI allows financing of India Inc's acquisitions.

Kotak Mahindra Bank today announced a 12.04 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 23.07 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2005 ...
The rupee pared early gains but still managed to end at a two-week closing high today, supported by steady capital flows and the ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has reported a net profit of Rs 23.07 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2005 - a net gain of 12% over the ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) plans to set up a primary dealership in Mauritius.
The bank is eyeing the island since the debt market is ...
To catch up with the private sector competitors, Bank of Baroda (BoB) is set to start 24-hour banking at select branches.
It also ...
Public sector banks view the proposed performance-based memorandum of understanding (MoU) leading to greater autonomy and ...
The government is set to clear the proposal of six banks to consolidate their rural regional banks (RRBs).
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has invested 10 per cent in Housing Development Finance Corporation's Rs ...
Government securities' prices fell by 15-20 paise in short to medium term papers as the cut-off price for the auction of the long ...
The rupee finished at a one-week high today on accumulated dollar inflows over the weekend and as the dollar dipped overseas ...
Indian bank, which is raising Rs 600-1,200 crore through IPO sometime in September,  is likely to price its initial public ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) is working out the guidelines on managerial autonomy with the finance minister hinting at ...
The government is set to clear the proposal of six banks to consolidate their rural regional banks (RRBs). While the banks have ...
In a bid to cut their net non-performing assets (NPAs) to less than 2 per cent, public sector banks (PSBs) are expected to ...
Public sector banks will approach the Centre for funds as it has reinforced that government holding will not fall below 51 per ...
Karnataka Bank has announced the revised rates on non-resident (external) rupee (NRE) term deposits with effect from June 1.

Andhra Pradesh State Financial Corporation (APSFC), in association with Rajasthani Graduates Association (RGA), organised a one ...
Ace Indian cricketer Rahul Dravid is set to become the brand ambassador for a new avtaar of the Bank of Baroda (BoB).
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has given top priority to cut down its non-performing assets, which rose to 9.1% of total ...
Despite a late sharp rally from 1-1/2 month lows, the rupee lost considerable ground against the us currency due to month-end ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked bank chiefs to deploy more capital to lending activities as options were fewer to park ...
Come July 1, two-wheelers will become dearer by about Rs 2,000. This follows two-wheeler owners having to compulsorily buy long ...
The government relaxed on Friday rules for external commercial borrowings, allowing non-banking finance companies to raise ...
Sivaganga District Central Cooperative Bank (SDCCB) in Tamil Nadu, which is in the midst of financial problems, will submit ...
United Western Bank (UWB) proposes to raise Rs 380 crore to shore up its equity capital and to adhere to the minimum capital ...
Yes Bank plans to take the number of its retail branches in the northern region to 14 during the current financial year.
The bank ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is expected to unveil a global expansion plan in the presence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and ...
The rupee closed higher today, as easing importer demand for the dollar combined with strong capital inflows.
The rupee ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is learnt to be working out a separate set of risk management standards for the ...
Union Bank of India today raised $ 75 million in the overseas markets.
The bank will use the proceeds to give out export credit. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said there may not be a need for separate and exclusive regulatory framework for ...
Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) has created a virtual SME (small and medium enterprises) bank by combining wholesale as well as ...
Volatility in realty prices and a demand-supply mismatch could lead to a realty bubble, according to the Reserve Bank of India ...
The rupee rebounded smartly on today, gaining one-fifth of a percent on its previous session's six-week closing low on strong ...
Contrary to what has been widely reported, the JJ Irani committee has recommended deposit insurance for companies accepting ...
Warburg Pincus International today picked up around 2 per cent stake in Kotak Mahindra Bank from the market at around Rs 90.5 ...
The Kotak Mahindra Group today announced that it would buy out Ford Credit Internationals 40 per cent stake in Kotak Mahindra ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has bought out IFCIs 4.39 per cent shareholding in LIC Housing Finance Ltd for Rs ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)-South zone has reported a 15 per cent growth in total premium income to Rs 9,859.42 ...
Credit Rating Information Services India Ltd.
(Crisil), which had joined hands with the Small Industries Development Bank of ...
The foreign exchange market today witnessed a bulk rollover of exporter contracts with spot rupee depreciating to an intra-day ...
The three managing directors at Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) are the contenders to the post of LIC chairman.
On June 2, 1806, a clutch of European merchants  most of whom were Scottish, the East India Companys Bengal government and 27 ...
With competition hotting up in the credit card market, banks are wooing customers with various offers.
With over 10 million ...
The rupee failed to hang on to its early gains today and ended at a new six-week closing low on dollar demand from importers ...
Front desk staff being hired from airlines, hotels.
The Reserve Bank of India wants other central banks to reciprocate its policy of going beyond the WTO commitments in allowing ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (south-central zone) will be recruiting a minimum of 50,000 agents this year.
This apart, it ...
Co-operative bankers of Surat are opposing the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) move to treat deposits in the beleaguered Madhavpura ...
Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank Ltd (MMCB) has for the first time indicated that it might not be in a position to meet ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is planning to review the new incentive scheme, launched in September 2004, for development ...
Cash dollars and one-month forwards slipped into discount territory today owing to acute shortage of greenback.
The board of directors of Kotak Mahindra Bank will consider the issuance of bonus shares at the next board meeting on June 7. ...
The finance ministry is close to clearing 74 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in asset reconstruction companies.
This has ...
The rupee shed nearly 0.4% today, dented by the euro's mounting losses against a broadly firmer dollar and strong demand for cash ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will meet bankers on June 3 to review operations of banks, firm up next generation banking reforms ...
Foreign and few new generation private sector banks, active in Mumbai implied forward rate (Mifor) swaps, were seen frantically ...
ING Vysya Bank has told the stock exchanges that the board of directors of the bank on May 28, has approved the sale of the ...
Kolkata-based Magma Leasing is aiming for the top slot among retail finance company by 2007 as its strategy to develop rural and ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will not be in a position to retain its market share, said chairman R N Bhardwaj, ...
Gujarat Ambuja Cements will execute the first buy-out in the private insurance industry by acquiring 14.87 per cent stake in ING ...
ICICI Bank topped the charts among retail banks in India by a wide margin in The Asian Banker retail financial services award for ...
The rupee slipped to one-month lows today, as the demand for dollars increased and as the euro set seven-month lows against the ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce is drawing up a vision plan 2010 for becoming a global player in five years after consolidating its ...
Federal Bank has reported a 30% rise in its net profit at Rs 29.86 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2005 as compared to Rs ...
The board of directors of ING Vysya Bank, at its meeting held on May 28, 2005, has approved the bank's sale of 14.87% stake in ...
The 10-year bonds will probably be the largest domestic retail bond issue.
The Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank saw its turnover cross Rs 17,000 crore.
The deposits grew 15.2 per cent to touch Rs 10,837 ...
Bank of America (BoA) is setting up its second outsourcing centre in India to undertake market research for its global capital ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will review after six months the ban imposed last week on the use of Mumbai inter-bank forward ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has reported a 14% jump in net profit (after minority interest & share of earning in associates) ...
10% of group's revenue comes from insurance.
A top-level reshuffle in leading public sector banks (PSBs) is in the offing with Canara Bank, Bank of India, Central Bank of ...
HSBC Asia Pacific chief lambasted the Indian government for changing its stance on foreign investment in domestic private banks. ...
Indian Bank has decided to raise at least Rs 1,000 crore through its maiden public issue that is slated hit the market by ...
Close to $10 billion worth of Mifor (Mumbai implied forward rate) based swaps have been struck between corporates and banks.
The ...
The rupee gave up early gains to end a shade weaker today on month-end demand for the dollar from importers but expectations of ...
The rupee nudged higher today morning as expectations of inflows from a large overseas share offering outweighed the dollar's ...
Bond prices fell by 25 to 30 paise across the board on profit-taking after yesterdays rally led the yields on the benchmark ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce's (OBC) net profit for 2004-05 grew by 10.89 per cent to Rs 760.1 crore from Rs 686.07 crore in 2003-04 ...
Rabo India Finance, part of the Netherlands-based $ 375 billion Rabobank group, has sought permission from the Reserve Bank of ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) expects to expand internationally in big way, as it plans to set up subsidiaries or full fledged ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has decided to redesign its business model and focus on direct lending ...
The rupee ended steady around three-week lows today, but sentiment was edgy as the market awaits the first quarter US gross ...
Moderation in inflation led to higher pick up in economic activity, which in turn weakened the rupee against the greenback, ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has posted a 3% increase in net profit at Rs 237.7 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2005 as ...
A slew of private sector banks is set to hit the market  both domestic as well as overseas  to raise capital and bring down the ...
Western Union (WU), an international leader in money transfer services along with its primary agent Weizmann Forex, today signed ...
Credit rating agency Crisil has upgraded the rating of non-convertible bonds (NCBs) of Instrumentation Ltd after the public ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, plans to raise the remaining $600 million of its $1 billion overseas ...
Indian Banks specialised branch called Microstate expects to extend credit assistance of Rs 114.50 crore to 4,350 self help ...
The rupee ended at a three-week low against the dollar today, as the dollar traded zoomed past the euro, leading to increased ...
Praising the recent reforms in India's pension sector, the World Bank has said the reforms represented a fundamental policy shift ...
Talking about the merger of IDBI Bank with IDBI Ltd, V P Shetty, chairman, IDBI Ltd, said, As I see it, the merger would ...
The Reserve Bank of India governor Y V Reddy met finance minster P Chidambaram today and briefed him on the current economic ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may not issue a banking licence to the Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS) to commence operations in ...
Dewan Housing Finance will launch its Rs 250-300 crore real estate fund.
The fund
will target mass housing in terms of quality ...
Life Insurance Corporation is learnt to have subscribed to the entire government stock of 8.35 per cent 2022 in the auction held ...
The rupee ended lower today, with sentiment edgy after the central bank scrapped a derivative used by corporates and foreign ...
Bank of India has reported a 70% slump in its consolidated net profit (after minority interest & share of earning in ...
The Calcutta Stock Exchange (CSE), one of the oldest bourses in Asia, is likely to offer 51 per cent stake to Allahabad Bank, Uco ...
The sponsor shareholders of Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) have committed to make efforts to keep their ...
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) is planning to expand the purview of transfer pricing norms.
Commercial banks seem to have ignored the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) advice to lend to non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) ...
i-flex solutions ltd, the financial solutions firm, has entered into a strategic alliance with Castek Software Inc., a Toronto ...
ABN Amro, ANZ have refused to sign the settlement deal, demand $25 mn more.
Satyam Cineplex was insured against terrorist attack.
The Delhi-based multiplex which fell prey to a powerful bomb blast ...
1,000 'high-velocity' current accounts shortlisted.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has kicked off the process of protecting customers' interest by directing banks to compensate ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked market participants to discontinue trades in Mifor swaps.
On specific request from ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is considering the possibility of offloading a portion of the government's stake either through a ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is looking into the circumstances that led to the run in the stock of Punjab ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will shortly notify entities qualified as non-government organisations (NGOs) that are eligible ...
A consortium of banks led by ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank have entered into an agreement with Hindoostan Spinning & Weaving Mills ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will hold an auction for 364 day Government of India treasury bills for a notified amount of Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today unveiled a scheme of Small Enterprises Financial Centres (SEFCs) for co-financing of term ...
Bank of Baroda has posted a 35 per cent dip in net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2005, to Rs 101.04 crore down ...
Dena Bank posted a net loss of Rs 39.20 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2005, compared with a net profit of Rs 58.39 ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today declared a 16 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 4,304 crore  or nearly a billion dollars  for ...
Industrial Development Bank of Indias (IDBI) 8,000 agents are in the process of being transferred to IDBI Capital Markets, the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it is working with the Centre to draft a comprehensive legislation on payment
Indian Banks Association (IBA), in association with member banks, will form a company that will act as an umbrella organisation ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) would see a outgo of $6 billion (Rs 26,000 crore) on account of redemption of India Millennium Bond ...
The state Bank of India (SBI) has decided to raise close to Rs 4,000 crore of Tier-II capital this year through a combination of ...
The rupee ended at a one-week high today, after oil and gold importers wound up their purchases of the dollar midway through the ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has posted a 35% drop in net profit at Rs 101.04 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2005 as ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has posted a 22% increase in net profit at Rs 1,064.88 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, ...
Close on heels of the State Bank of Indias (SBI) acquisition of a Mauritius bank, ICICI Bank today announced an acquisition in ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is expecting alternate channels to contribute to five per cent of its premium income ...
Centurion Bank today announced a net profit of Rs 9.6 crore in the quarter ended March 31, 2005, against a loss of Rs 97.7 crore. ...
The Shriram group, which has entered into a joint venture agreement with South Africas Sanlam Life Insurance Ltd to set up ...
Indian exporters and importers can now settle dollar payments to counterparts in other Asian countries on a real-time basis with ...
The largest public sector commercial bank, State Bank of India (SBI) is likely to announce a 24 per cent growth in net profit for ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is set to step in to rescue banks and financial institutions in their plan to settle the dues of ...
The RBI has sought details on banks' domestic as well as forex positions.
The rupee gave up early gains to end weaker today after Indian importers, opting for caution, stepped up purchases of the dollar ...
State Bank of India (SBI) arranged a syndicated project term loan of Rs 1,512 crore for secondary steel manufacturer Bhushan Ltd ...
ING Vysya Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 4.69 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2005 as compared to a net loss of ...
ICICI Bank has acquired a Russian bank named Investitsionno-Kreditny Bank (IKB) with its registered office in Balabanovo in the ...
United Bank of India hopes to clock a Rs 500 crore
net profit in 2005-06 against a total business figure of Rs 50,000 crore.
The ...
ICICI Bank is planning to set up mandi branches, kiosks, franchisees and partner microfinance institutions and non-government ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd (IDFC) will go in for a public issue of 40.36 crore shares of Rs 10 each through a ...
Even as business between Austria and India touched euro 500 million in the year 2004, a growth of 35 per cent over the previous ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BOR) today said it is planning to raise around Rs 1,000 crore from domestic or overseas markets to shore up ...
The Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd (IDFC) has initiated changes in the top even as it set for itself the target ...
PNB Principal Insurance Company will sell its products only through banking channels.
It will not have an agents force.
Plans to set up India Mortgage Insurance Company (IMIC) has hit a roadblock with the government yet to frame guidelines and ...
The task of supervisory capacity building to prepare for Basel II capital adequacy norms is daunting, the Reserve Bank of India ...
Dollar ended mildly cheaper against the rupee at Rs 43.48 per dollar and the pound sterling closed sharply lower at Rs 79.72 per ...
Profit-taking at every rise today prevented an extended bonds rally even as select securites managed to post mild gains in a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all those co-operative banks that have kept deposits in Madhavpura Mercantile ...
The Gujarat State Finance Corporation (GSFC) has decided e-auction its huge doubtful assets.

With the BSE Sensex trading in positive territory, a fresh wave of allotment of employees stock option schemes (Esops) in the ...
Corporation Bank has raised a one-year syndicated yen loan equivalent of $100 million at an all inclusive cost of about 4.06 per ...
The draft report of the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) internal working group on regional rural banks (RRB) has recommended a ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) are increasingly focussing on the educational loans segment.
Educational loan disbursement of domestic ...
Citibank today announced an organisational restructuring by bifurcating its commercial banking business in India into ...
The wealth management business has become a focus area for many new generation private sector banks as they look at new business ...
The rupee gave up most early gains to end just above a near two-week closing low today.The rupee ended at 43.49/$, off a ...
Corporation Bank has raised $100 million, denominated in Japanese Yen, through one year syndicated loan facility.
Bancassurance has contributed significantly to the sale of insurance products of the private insurance players.
The life insurance industry has registered a large 36 per cent growth in first-premium income in 2004-05 against a 11 per cent ...
The State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, Chennai has asked Standard Chartered Bank to pay two of its customers Rs 20 ...
Desperately seeking to send money to relative?
The extension of foreign exchange trading by an hour from Monday affords local participants reaction time to US data released in ...
Microfinance institutions (MFIs) would be permitted to sanction loans under the banking correspondent arrangement.

Public sector insurance players are up in arms over the insurance renewal of Air-Indias (A-I) 45-aircraft fleet.
State Bank of India (SBI) and Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) today divested 47.5 per cent in Credit Information ...
International Finance Corporation (IFC), World Bank's private sector lending arm, has said it will commit upto $4 million to a ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has embarked on a five-pronged strategy for improving its financial position to become the "best bank" ...
Exclusive project financing deals in place.
Foreign exchange reserves declined $423 million to $141.475 billion for the week ended May 6 when compared with $141.898 billion ...
Mumbai-based Kotak Mahindra Bank is looking at tying up with a general insurance company to distribute the latters products. ...
The Centurion Bank is aiming at a 65 per cent business growth, by focussing on retail, small and medium enterprises, and opening ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is likely to fund a development project in North Karnataka with a long gestation. It could ...
Dollar-rupee denominated volumes in the South East Asian derivative market  popularly known as the non-deliverable forward (NDF) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to strictly adhere to the individual and group borrower exposure norms.
The ...
Indian corporates are finding it difficult to access the overseas bond markets for raising funds as spreads have tightened ...
The pilot-basis merger of regional rural banks (RRB) may kickstart once the Budget session of Parliament concludes.
Global strengthening of the dollar led to range-bound trading in the forex market today.The spot rupee, which touched a ...
Private insurance companies, led by ICICI Prudential, grew by 129% to mop-up Rs 5,557 crore as first premium in 2004-05 as ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is aiming at 20% growth in net profit and Rs 2,00,000 crore business in this fiscal by focusing on the ...
West Bengal State Co-operative Bank (WBSCB) has exceeded its borrowing limit by as much as Rs 3468 crore in 2003-04, according to ...
West Bengal State Co-operative Bank (WBSCB) is looking at the possibility of tying with State Bank of India for an ATM sharing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will set up a task force for Jammu and Kashmir to identify areas where nationalised banks could ...
An advocate has challenged salary given to the employees of an Anand based co-operative bank on grounds that it is considerably ...
Gujarat State Finance Corporation (GSFC), the state-owned industrial credit corporation that has been ailing on account of large ...
SBI Capital Markets Ltd is planning to increase its retail equity broking business by setting up 50 new offices.
It may even spin ...
Indian Bank reported a flat growth of 0.67 per cent in net profit to Rs 408.49 crore for the year ending March 31, 2005 compared ...
Rabobank International Holding which holds 20 per cent in Yes Bank would like to maintain its stake unchanged even after the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed banking companies to obtain its approval for proposed mergers between banks and ...
RBI allows dissenting shareholders to claim the value of shares held.
Sentiment turned bearish in the forex market today with the yuan revaluation rumour falling flat and dollar gaining globally over ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today released the guidelines for merger/amalgamation of private sector banks or a private sector ...
Banks may have to reduce their holding to a maximum level of 5%.
The rupee rose to a five-and-a-half year high against the dollar today on fresh speculation about an immediate Chinese yuan ...
Jammu and Kashmir Bank today posted a net profit of Rs 45.88 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2005, down 53.19 per cent from ...
Despite a CAG stricture, public sector insurance companies-National Insurance Company and Oriental Insurance Company- see the ...
State Bank of Mysore on Wednesday reported a 102 per cent year-on-year increase in March 2005 quarter net profit to Rs 76 crore. ...
Ashok Leyland has further offloaded 2.8 per cent stake in IndusInd Bank, bringing down its stake in the bank from 16 per cent to ...
The rupee rose to a 5-1/2 year high on the dollar today after a report that China would widen its currency band as early as next ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) has reported a 53% slump in net profit to Rs 45.88 crore for the quarter ended March 31, ...
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have decided to incorporate certain additional security features and improve ...
Iffco Tokio General Insurance Company (ITGI), which signed an MoU with the state-owned Andhra Pradesh State Financial Corporation ...
Karnataka Bank Limited has effected revision of interest rates on FCNR (B) deposits with effect from May 3.

The Swiss Bankers Association (SBA) wants India to do away with the norm that requires equity funds to register as foreign ...
The fight for deposits among banks has intensified with their credit portfolio growing faster than deposits in 2004-2005.
Bank of America (BoA) has joined the list of foreign banks bringing in capital to expand their operations in India.
BoA today ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to set up a secondary government securities desk by March 2006 to play an active role in ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.49 per dollar, but moved up to 43.42 in intra-day deals.
It finally closed at  43.44 per dollar ...
Bank of America today said it was committing additional capital to the tune of $175 million (Rs 767 crore) for shoring up its ...
A number of global banks have shown interest in entering the Indian market.

Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)'s Visakhapatnam division, that covers the three coastal districts from Srikakulam to ...
Andhra Bank has projected a 23.26 per cent rise in its overall business transactions at Rs 56,035 crore for the year ending March ...
Iffco Tokio, a general insurance firm, has launched Barish Bima Yojana, a new group insurance product covering farm produce ...
The Malaprabha Grameena Bank has earned a record net profit of Rs 46.42 crore for 2004-2005. Chairman of the bank B S Surendra ...
Setting speculations on the liquidation of KCC Bank to rest, the state government has decided release Rs 25 crore to revive the ...
Syndicate Bank has reported a 117.5 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 280.19 crore for the quarter ended March 2005.
The ...
Allahabad Bank today declared a 17 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 541.8 crore in 2004-05 against Rs 463.38 crore in the ...
AMP Sanmar Life Insurance is aiming at a 150 per cent growth in its first premium collection this fiscal year.

Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) is in the process of setting up a self regulatory organisation (SRO) in ...
The Indian insurance industry may be thrown open for better risk management practices that are adopted by their banking ...
Blame it on the underdeveloped pension and insurance market or uncertainty on the long-term outlook on interest rates, long dated ...
Primary dealers (PDs) promoted by foreign banks are learnt to be reviewing their business in India.
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance today reported a 380 per cent jump in first year premium to Rs 860 crore in 2004-05. This helped it ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, and firmed up to 43.48 per dollar on sales by exporters.The government ...
Syndicate Bank today reported a 7% decline in net profit at Rs 402.90 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as against Rs ...
Allahabad Bank today reported a 14.72% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 557.36 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 ...
S&P India LLC has acquired 31,20,948 shares of Crisil at the enhanced open offer price of Rs 775 per share.
This was ...
Gregory A London, principal consulting services specialist at the Asian Development Bank (ADB) does not believe in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has initiated discussions with co-operative banks and state governments on ways to bring ...
The rumour of Chinas revaluation of the yuan is fast losing steam as Chinese authorities are expected to take time before ...
There are no major issues likely in the primary market this week as yields on the benchmark government securities have firmed up ...
The bearish sentiment is expected to continue in the government securities market.
Rising oil prices and inflation rate continue ...
Even though foreign capital inflows have taken a back seat following profit-taking by global funds, the banking system is reeling ...
IndusInd Bank is planning to raise capital through an overseas issue.
The issue
is expected to hit the market in the second half ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will assess the impact of Basel-II capital adequacy on banks in the current year (2005-06) ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), said the rise in inflation in April was "not fully unanticipated" and addded ...
Canara Bank has reported a 73% dip in its net profit to Rs 102.30 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2005 as compared ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sought to lower the minimum outstanding loans needed for undertaking corporate debt ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said banks face a major challenge in terms of introduction of innovative customer friendly ...
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has taken an offshore package insurance policy from United India Insurance Company with an ...
Allahabad Bank (AllBank) is looking at the possibility of clinching strategic tie-ups with Laxmi Vilas Bank in Tamilnadu, ...
Chairman of Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), V P Shetty (pictured), was today 'technically arrested' by the Mumbai ...
Forex market players cut positions in other currencies and bought dollars today as the Chinese revaluation rumour slowly died ...
The board of directors of Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), at its meeting held on April 29, 2005, accepted the ...
The Bombay High Court today ordered the police to take cognisance of the complaint filed by B W Ramteke, general manager of IDBI, ...
Banks paid on an average 18.89 per cent of their net profit as dividend in 2003-04, much lower than the 33.33 per cent cap on ...
Cap on payout raised to 40%, capital adequacy, asset quality restrictions relaxed.
G Prabhakara has taken over as the zonal manager, Life Insurance Corporation of India, southern zone.

Can Fin Homes Limited, a housing finance subsidiary of Canara Bank, has informed the stock exchanges that the firm's board of ...
At a conference to review the performance of the eight regions of the Karnataka Bank on Thursday, Ananthakrishna, chairman, ...
Under a major expansion drive, the State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur will open six new branches in Punjab and Haryana by the end ...
Uco Bank is considering the possibility of offering preference shares to the government in a bid to restructure its capital base, ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation today reported a 16.71 per cent jump in net profit in the fourth quarter of 2004-05 to Rs ...
The SS Tarapore Committee on Procedure and Performance Audit on Public Services has suggested a set of stringent measures for ...
Both Deepak Shantilal Parekh and Kundapur Vaman Kamath, two stalwarts of Indian financial sector, will be around at least for ...
The rupee rose to a new 3-month closing high of 43.42 per dollar today.Government securities moved in a range-bound mode ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it is working on the modalities for setting up the Banking Codes and Standards Board ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said today that banks wanting to pay dividends should have a minimum capital to risk adjusted ...
The Bank of India (BoI) Visakhapatnam zone is targeting to downsize its NPA levels to 3.03 per cent by the end of the current ...
Karnataka Bank has effected revision of interest rates on its non-resident (external) rupee deposit (NRE) scheme with from May 3. ...
Union Bank of India today reported a nearly flat growth in net profit in the fourth quarter of 2004-05, at Rs 239 crore against ...
The 25 basis points rate hike by the US Federal Reserve did not have any impact on the Indian government securities market today. ...
Union Bank of India might consider the option of bringing in a strategic investor as one of the ways for raising capital to fund ...
UTI Bank would have to advance its capital raising plans on account of the implementation of Basel-II norms, a senior bank ...
The finance ministrys decision to introduce cash withdrawal tax on current accounts is expected to give a leg-up to real time ...
Standard & Poors today said implementation of Basel II capital adequacy norms by banks in the Asia-Pacific region is likely ...
Global credit rating agency Fitch has found that India's cooperative banks' performance was lacklustre mainly due to deficient ...
Union Bank is likely to tap the financial market with equity offering and Rs 300 crore tier-II bond issue to shore up capital ...
The rupee closed at a 3-month high on Wednesday, supported by  as the dollar weakened broadly after the US Federal Reserve ...
SBI Mutual Fund, one of the fastest growing asset management companies in the country, has decided to launch four new products ...
Union Bank of India has posted a 1.12% rise in net profit to Rs 238.91 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2005 as compared to ...
The State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), that did a total business of Rs 45,619 crore in 2004-05, saw its net profit fall 34 per cent ...
The five-year benchmark 7.55 per cent government stock 2010 auction was oversubscribed by over 3.5 times today with the Reserve ...
Global ratings firm, Standard & Poors (S&P) today said India will continue to grow, even as most other Asian economies ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will set up an institution at the national level to own and operate all retail ...
Indian bankers have got the first scare of Basel-II. They are worried at the prospect of increased capital allocation as their ...
The government is planning to bring the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) under the service tax net.
At present, the central bank is ...
After FM announced the withdrawal tax, people had been drawing money in large sums.

The spot rupee moved in a narrow band today, and closed at 43. 59 per dollar as against the last close of 43.58 per ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will put in place a software for banks to deduct the new bank cash transaction tax (BCTT) from the ...
In what is being seen as a move to increase the liquidity of CanFin Homes in the open market, the promoters of the Bank have shed ...
Max New York Life, a leading life insurance company operating in India for the last four years, today announced its entry into ...
The Securitisation Act, designed to contain the growth of non-performing assets of the banks, has started showing results in ...
After staying away from last two government borrowing programme since the beginning of fiscal 2005-06, public sector banks (PSBs) ...
The government is open to divesting its stake in the Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd (IDFC) in three years, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is learnt to have expressed concern over the money flowing into offshore schemes floated by ...
The spot rupee opend at 43.57 per dollar, and touched a low of 43.61 per dollar before closing lower at 43.58 per dollar ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has fixed the issue price at Rs 250 per share.
The bank had come out with a public offer of 5.80 ...
S C Gupta today took over as chairman of Punjab National Bank (PNB) and K N Prithviraj assumed office as CMD of Oriental Bank of ...
HDFC Bank and UTI Bank may be first off the blocks to raise interest rates on retail and wholesale loans this week.
Public sector ...
RBI wants to end the conflict of interest in the financial services sector.
Stakes in promoter firms not part of foreign holding cap, rules IRDA.
On April 30, S S Kohli of Punjab National Bank, M Venugopalan of Bank of India and B D Narang of Oriental Bank of Commerce ...
ICICI Bank has no immediate plans to divest its stake in South Indian Bank (SIB) and Federal Bank despite the Reserve Bank of ...
ICICI Bank sees no need to raise fresh capital in the near future.
However, if the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) does not realign ...
Corporates are funding their expansion plans mostly through internal accruals and through domestic and foreign borrowings.
Banks ...
After a gap of 21 years, the Reserve Bank of India has once again allowed domestic banks to offer doorstep banking, to their ...
Trading in corporate bonds is expected to remain lackluster this week.
With the reverse repo rate hiked, dealers said corporates ...
Excess liquidity in the banking system remains the only factor soothing the frayed nerves of market players.
They were caught ...
The proposed tax on cash withdrawals from banks is taking a new turn with the Indian Banks Association (IBA) and the Reserve Bank ...
ICICI Bank has posted a 22 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs 2,005.2 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2005, as ...
Thomas Cook India will launch ATM-cum-foreign currency converters by July.
"We will be lauching ATM-cum-foreign currency ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may soon empower 15 ombudsmen to redress complaints of aggrieved credit card holders against banks ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.001 billion to $142.54 billion for the week ended April 22, 2005, according to the weekly ...
ICICI Bank today said it has not taken any decision on hiking the interest rates in home loans in the immediate ...
Romesh SobtiExecutive VP and Country Representative, India, ABN Amro Bank NV
A K KhandelwalChairman & MD, Bank of Baroda
Deepak ParekhChairman, HDFC
G V Nageswara RaoCEO CBSBU, IDBI
A K PurwarChairman, State Bank of India
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has created a new structure for marketing of its insurance products through banks and ...
The Reserve Bank of India is working on new monetary aggregate and is in the process of preparing a roadmap for shortselling of ...
Fund managers and provident fund (PF) trustees despite sharing similar views on the interest rate seem to be pursuing diverging ...
Speculation about the revaluation of the Chinese yuan over the weekend led to the rupee gaining almost 17/18 paise today to close ...
P K Gupta, chairman and managing director (CMD) of National Housing Bank (NHB), has been given the additional charge of CMD at ...
Punjab National Banks (PNB) reported a 21 per cent increase in net profit to Rs 360.6 crore for the quarter-ended March 2005 as ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today announced a net profit of Rs 307 crore for the six months ended March 31, 2005. ...
Bank of India posted a 85 per cent drop in net profit for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2005, at Rs 52.79 crore against Rs ...
The rupee rose on Friday to its highest in almost three months, supported by talk that China's Yuan might be revalued, robust ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), today said the reverse repo rate has been hiked by 25 basis points to absorb ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 318.57 crore for the six-month period ...
Bank of India today reported a 66% decline in net profit at Rs 340.05 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as against Rs ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB)  has reported a 27% increase in net profit at Rs 1,410.12 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 ...
Global rating agencies today said the 25 basis points hike in reverse repo rate is not likely to affect interest margins of banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today proposed to extend the primary dealership business to be carried on a part of the banking ...
R N BhardwajChairmanLIC The ...
Acknowledging the fact that Indian markets are now open enough to where global winds will continue to drive volatility higher, ...
Rana KapoorManaging Director & CEOYes Bank
Viren MalhotraAssociate DirectorPwC
Dominic PriceManaging DirectorJP Morgan Chase
Nilesh ShahCIOPrudential ICICI, AMC
M VenugopalCMDBank of India
Sunil MehtaCountry Head & CEOAIG India
P K ChoudhuryManaging DirectorIcra Ltd
K Cherian VargheseCMDUnion Bank of India
Vishwavir AhujaMD and Country HeadBank of America
Bhaskar GhoseManaging DirectorIndusInd Bank
Ashok WadhwaPartnerAmbit Corporate Finance
Anil SinghviExecutive DirectorGujarat Ambuja
Against the background of developments during 2004-05, the stance of monetary policy will depend on several factors, including ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its annual policy statement for 2005-06 has decided to set up an independent Banking Codes and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed banks to increase their co-ordination with the Small Industries Development Bank ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will monitor the cost of banking services to assess whether there is any denial, implicit or ...
The Reserve Bank of India has decided after a review to make changes in the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) mechanism.
The ...
The RBI today asked banks to put in place strategies for augmenting capital to be able to meet the stringent Basel II capital ...
Mint Road takes to the global best practices.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set up an expert group to formulate strategy for increasing flow of credit to the agriculture ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) credit policy has suggested that banks should be allowed to approve proposals for commodity ...
The Reserve Bank of India has decided to extend the trading period for the interbank foreign exchange market in India by one hour ...
Merger of Ashok Leyland Finance with IndusInd Bank without prior RBI approval triggers move.
India Inc has welcomed the Reserve Bank of Indias annual policy announcement for 2005-06 that doubles the yearly automatic cap ...
Even after a hike in the reverse repo rate by 25 basis points to 5 per cent, there is unlikely to be any major impact on debt ...
Forward contracts beyond a year can now be cancelled and rebooked
To revitalise ailing urban co-operative banks (UCBs) the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has begun a consultative process involving ...
As a step towards making the call money market a pure inter-bank activity, non-bank participants, except primary dealers, will be ...
Reserve Bank of India has permitted listed companies and non-scheduled urban co-operative banks (UCBs) to enter the repo market ...
Move will lead to better price discovery and transparency in deals.
A stitch in time saves nine.
No one knows this better than the Reserve Bank of India governor Yaga Venugopal Reddy.
Instead of ...
SGL account holders can sell securities in the same session to CSGL account holders
HDFC Bank & UTI Bank may raise deposit rates & rates on loans by 25-50bps.
Reverse repo rate hiked by 25 basis points to 5%; Bank rate, CRR unchanged.

Ashok Leyland today reported a 40% increase in net profit at Rs 271.41 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as against Rs ...
The RBI today hiked the reverse repo rate by 25bps to 5% from 4.75% w.e.f April 29, 2005."The repo rate will continue to ...
Monetary Measures
Indian Overseas Banks (IOB) expects its global depository receipts to be listed in Singapore stock exchanges by the first week ...
Private sector bankers today urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to permit banks to advertise on the automated teller machines ...
List of measures announced by the RBI during 2004-2005
RBI sees every dollar hike in oil prices adding 15 basis points to the WPI.

Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has reported a 103.27 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 157.21 crore for the last quarter ending March ...
The banking sector in Himachal Pradesh through a network of 1174 branches disbursed loans amounting Rs 2,019 crore till December ...
The Karnataka Bank will open 18 branches in the northern states, of which six will be in Punjab only.
Andhra Bank posted a 21 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 138.77 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2004, up from Rs ...
The huge government borrowing programme and redemption of the India Millennium Deposit, to cite just two reasons, will make ...
Talks are on between the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) ...
Highlights of the macroeconomic and monetary developments in 2004-05 are:Growth, Saving and Investment
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will  release its review of economic developments in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005 at ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has reported a 27% increase in net profit at Rs 651.36 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as ...
Andhra Bank today reported a 13.52% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 521.23 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as ...
Ahmedabad-based financial services firm, Parsoli Corporation Ltd has initiated talks with Housing Finance Companies (HFCs) in a ...
Indian Bank Visakhapatnam circle, which covers five coastal districts from Srikakulam to West Godavari, registered a 230 per cent ...
Marwar Gramin Bank, one of the major RRB working in the southwestern region of Rajasthan, has achieved a total business worth Rs ...
The Pradeshiya Industrial Corporation of Uttar Pradesh (PICUP), the wholly-owned industrial finance agency of the Uttar Pradesh ...
Housing finance companies (HFCs) may have to revisit their interest rates as the National Housing Bank (NHB), a wholly owned ...
Public sector Allahabad Bank is exploring the possibility of entering into the insurance business through its subsidiary, AllBank ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance Company has clocked a growth of 70 per cent in premium income to Rs 915.5 crore for the year ended March ...
Commercial banks lending to the telecom sector are turning cautious.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its credit policy may urge banks to shift to the negotiated dealing system (NDS) for trading ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may consider allowing banks to trade in equity futures and options (F&O) market in its annual ...
India faces the risk of a further rise in interest rates.
The upward pressure on interest rates
could strengthen as authorities ...
The worlds largest global rating agency, Standard & Poors taking control of Crisil will help remove irritants the domestic ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.7050 per dollar, but gained a shade to close at 43.68 per dollar.Sentiment continued to be ...
The board of directors of Corporation Bank at their meeting held on April 21, 2005, have declared a final dividend of 35% for the ...
The underwriters of the UTI Bank's GDR issue have exercised their green shoe option on April 25, 2005.
According to a ...
Expressing concern over the lack of satisfactory progress in recovery of non-performing assets (NPAs), a parliamentary committee ...
The co-operative banks of the state have expressed their opposition to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) proposal to create a ...
The Reserve Bank of India
today allowed insurance companies incorporated outside India
to establish liasion offices in India.
Banks, struggling to raise low-cost resources to meet rising credit demand, will have one more competitor for bulk deposits. ...
Most non-finance professionals may not give even a cursory glance to the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) annual policy statement ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today permitted non government organisations (NGOs) engaged in micro finance activities to raise ...
S&P to hike it's stake in Crisil from 9.45% to 51%.
The spot rupee closed a shade higher at 43.72 per dollar today.Sentiment was bearish in the government securities market ...
Trinity Business Process Management is a wholly owned subsidiary of Trinity Partners, Inc, provider of technology-enabled ...
The bank also expects to pay dividend to the government, its shareholder, in the next fiscal, for the first time since 1992, ...
According to sources, recommendations of several internal committees set up by the RBI may figure in the annual credit policy to ...
Banks have sought RBI permission for offering such products.
India's foreign exchange reserves rose by $88 million to $141.54 billion for the week ended April 15, 2005.The country's ...
India Inc wants RBI to ensure a stable interest rates regime, steps to check rupee appreciation and growth oriented credit policy ...
Bankers feel time is not ripe for rate increase as the banking system is awash in liquidity.

The board of directors of the bank have approved a dividend of 65 per cent for 2004-2005, including an interim dividend of 30 per ...
The plush office at UTI Tower in suburban Bandra Kurla complex belies the fact that its assets are up for sale.
Net profit of Bharat Overseas Bank (BOBL) fell 43 per cent to Rs 20.05 crore for the year ending March 31, 2005 compared with Rs ...
The interest rates are expected to come down in the coming months after government allows banks to securitise all type of loans, ...
Mahesh is a multi-state scheduled bank which is based out of Hyderabad.

Most money market players expect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to keep key interest rates unchanged in its annual policy ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has witnessed a 13 per cent fall in number of policies sold till February this year ...
UTI Bank's net profit rose 33.82 per cent to Rs 116.54 crore in the fourth quarter of 2004-05 from Rs 87.09 crore a year ago ...
Corporation Bank announced a 10 per cent fall in net profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2005 at Rs 107.57 crore, down from Rs ...
PSU banks oppose move, pvt & foreign banks for it.
The spot rupee, which moved in a narrow, two paise range between 43.74-43.76 per dollar, closed on a steady note at 43.75 per ...
UTI Bank today reported a 20% increase in net profit at Rs 334.58 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as against Rs 278.31 ...
Corporation Bank has reported a 34% decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 350.69 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 as ...
Vijaya Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 155.92 crore for the three months to March 2005, up 25.35 per cent from Rs 124 crore in ...
The rise in government bond yields may, however, depress treasury income by Rs 200 crore, he said.
This is part of a fresh set of regulations for micro insurance that have been finalised and would be notified in two to three ...
According to banking sources, SBI has opted for Nigeria following the stringent capital adequacy norms of the Central Bank of ...
Select government bonds rallied further on renewed buying boosted by the positive cut-off price at yesterday's bond ...
ICICI Bank has tied up with UK-based financial services provider Lloyds TSB to provide customers with free money transfers ...
Vijaya Bank has reported a 7.5% decline in net profit at Rs 380.57 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 when compared with Rs ...
Syndicate Bank has filed a red herring prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Board of India to make a second public issue ...
The Supreme Court ruled today the liability of an insurance company to pay compensation was not unlimited unless extra premium ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation's subsidiary Gruh Finance today reported a 25.45 per cent jump in its 2004-05 net profit ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), which had earlier engaged National Institute for Bank Management (NIBM) for conducting a study ...
The twin auction of 8.07 per cent 2017 and 7.50 per cent 2034 government stocks was overwhelmingly subscribed even as the market ...
Treasury-savvy corporations are increasingly hedging their interest rate risk even as the interest rate cycle is on an upswing.
Most of the syndicated loans will be floating rate loans with 2-3 year interest reset clause.
The spot rupee moved in a narrow band of 4-5 paise today.
After opening at 43.76 per dollar, it closed at 43.78 per ...
The co-operative banking sector is facing tough competition from private banks.
By the sheer size of their resources, the ...
Jairmabhai Patel, chairman, MMCB claimed it to an achievement of the bank management.
However, OBC is scrutinising these resignations to find out if any of these employees have any connection with the fraudulent ...
Currently, Lok Adalats organised by civil courts to effect a compromise between disputing parties in matters pending before any ...
The lending norms became applicable to IDBI following the conversion of the erstwhile development finance institution into a ...
Principal Group (PG) has acquired 26 per cent, while Punjab National Bank (PNB) has bought another 30 per cent.
Vijaya Bank (VB) ...
YES Bank is likely to hit market in the second week of May with its initial public offer (IPO) of seven crore shares to raise up ...
Banks seek to hike rates by 25-50 basis points for corp loans without change in PLRs.

Bank of Baroda (BoB) is eyeing mergers and acquisitions to consolidate its position among the top-ranked public sector banks in ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has outperformed the Bombay Stock Exchange Sensex by posting a 33 per cent ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is eyeing mergers and acquisitions to consolidate its position among the top-ranked public sector banks in ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) plans to offload 10 per cent of its stake by June end to part fund the Rs 130 cr payment due to C ...
The capital inflow data released by the United States are optimistic and dealers are bullish on the dollar.
According to a forex ...
There are two government securities -- the 8.07 per cent 2017 and the 7.50 per cent 2034 -- on auction this week for notified ...
The corporate bond market is likely to rule quiet this week owing to the uncertainty in the interest rates on government ...
The funds situation in the banking system is likely to remain easy this week, barring some blips.
Foreign exchange reserves increased $253 million to $141.457 billion for the week ended April 8, 2005 from $141.204 billion in ...
Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar today made a strong pitch for consolidation among co-operative banks.

Vadodara-based Baroda District Industrial Co-operative Bank (BDICB) would be merged with Prime Co-operative Bank of Surat in the ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) plans to increase its loan portfolio by Rs 26,000 crore in 2005-06, to take its total ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today revised the exposure limit of urban co-operative banks (UCBs) to a single borrower and a ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) expects the erstwhile Global Trust Bank (GTB) to begin contributing to its operating profit from ...
The Reserve Bank of India is learnt to have asked primary dealers (PDs) to restructure their operations and equip themsleves for ...
Bank of Baroda has built up a war chest of Rs 218 crore (at an exchange rate of Rs 43.75 per dollar) for overseas acquisitions in ...
After a gap of four years, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to permit public sector banks to set up insurance ...
Credit card fees set to go up by Rs 300.

The rupee fell in line with all other currencies against the dollar today.After opening at  43.80 per dollar, it ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) is expecting 32% growth in business at Rs 1,00,000 crore and a net profit of Rs 800-900 crore in ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is aiming at a business of Rs 1,50,000 crore during the current fiscal."The ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Companys (IDFC) private equity arm plans to invest around Rs 100 crore in Gujarat Pipavav ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and the Unit Trust of India (UTI) have subscribed to the Allahabad Bank second ...
A consortium of banks has put on hold Idea Cellulars borrowing plan following the objection raised by the Department of ...
Allahabad Bank has fixed the issue price for its public offer at Rs 82 per equity share of Rs 10 each.According to a ...
Depositors of the Visnagar Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd have so far only received the first installment of Rs 135 crore of the total ...
The Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has initiated the process of making all the branches of the erstwhile Global Trust Bank (GTB) ...
How will you improve LICs market share?
How will you change the brand image of the organisation, which is looked at as a ...
With Basel II and the more stringent Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) provisioning norms, banks will be compelled to sell their bad ...
Bank of Maharashtra (MahaBank) has got board approval to enter Malaysia through a three-way partnership with Bank of Baroda (BoB) ...
Rising interest rates have had an obvious fallout on the investment pattern of banks.
Their investments in shares have risen b ...
IndusInd Information Technology Ltd (IITL), the technology subsidiary of IndusInd Bank, is planning strategic tie-ups with ...
The spot rupee, which opened at 43.73 per dollar, closed lower at 43. 75 per dollar on demand from oil companies.The ...
IndusInd Bank today reported a 45% rise in advances at Rs 9,500 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005."The bank has ...
HDFC Bank has reported a 30.63% increase in net profit at Rs 665.56 crore for the year ended March 31, 2005 when compared with Rs ...
Bank of Maharashtra will become a partner in a joint venture in Malaysia.According to a release issued by the bank to the ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) draft guidelines for purchase or sale of bad loans, issued today, suggested that banks ...
ICICI Bank has decided to sell its entire 10.77% holding under the offer.
The Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has initiated criminal action against 30 borrowers to recover Rs 980 crore.
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company's annualised new business premium rose 77 per cent to Rs 1,256 crore in 2004-05. Its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to set up a separate monetary management cell by carving out monetary policy ...
HSBC proposes to launch unsecured lending to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) by July this year.
Foreign microfinance institutions (MFIs) operating in India may have to seek the approval of the home ministry to be eligible to ...
The spot rupee, which opened at 43.70 per dollar, closed on a weak note at 43.74 per dollar on buying by an oil ...
The International Finance Corporation(IFC),World Banks private lending arm, today said it was keen to increase its exposure in ...
The deposit mobilisation drive of banks launched in March, ahead of the financial year-end 2004-05, has extended to the first two ...
Citibank, the pioneer in the domestic auto loan market, has lost its Number One slot to ICICI Bank.
ICICI Bank
had already ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to come out with comprehensive guidelines on transfer of non-performing assets (NPAs) ...
The spot rupee, which opened at 43.75 per dollar, closed on a firm note at 43.71 per dollar on dollar sales by ...
Srei Internatinal Finance, an infrastructure equipment and finance company, along with its associate company Indian ...
Revised price fixed at Rs 775 per share.
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) through its SME growth fund having a corpus of Rs 500 crore has taken equity ...
The State Bank of India (Chennai, local headoffice) has signed a memorandum of understanding with D1 Mohan Bio, to finance an ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) will hit the market with its second public offer on April 25 for raising up to Rs 1,700 ...
Foreign exchange reserves moved up $297 million to $141.204 billion for the week ended April 1, 2005, according to the weekly ...
State governments should be allowed to access markets directly for their borrowing requirements.
Like the Centre, each state must ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), Rajahmundry division, adjudged as the number one division in fiscal 2003-04 in the country ...
Having identified textiles, steel, healthcare, education, wind energy and ceramic industries as focus areas for extending credit, ...
For the beleaguered Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) it is a life-threatening scenario.
Finance minister P Chidambaram today said that the mergers of state-owned banks will not affect the public sector character of ...
International Monetary Fund officials at their meeting with the Reserve Bank of India is learnt to have forecast a moderation in ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) chairman, C S Rao, today urged life insurance companies for greater ...
The insurance industry has grown by 83 per cent since the opening up of the sector.
Remarking on the performance of the insurance ...
Unit-linked insurance plans could come under a cloud as the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) has threatened ...
The spot rupee closed on a steady note at 43.76 per dollar today.The rupee is expected to open in the range of 43.76-79 ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram today said that the public sector character of the merged entity would not be diluted while ...
Prices of government securities fell across maturities by 60-70 paise today, thus pushing up the yield.
The yield
on the 10-year ...
Indias largest private sector insurance company, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance crossed milestone of covering 2 lakh people in ...
The Twelfth Finance Commission is expected to unveil a debt relief scheme to finance secretaries of the states tomorrow in ...
Standard & Poors (S&P) on Thursday said corporate credit quality in Asia, excluding Japan, continues to improve, a trend ...
Sunanda Lahiri, general manager handling investment and international business, at Kolkata based UCO Bank, is set to take over as ...
The US-headquartered Western Union Financial Services plans to launch domestic money transfers in association with the Indian ...
International Monetary Fund chief Rodrigo Rato has warned that any further sharp increases in oil prices may have more serious ...
The spot rupee, which opened at  43.78 per dollar, closed higher at 43.74 per dollar due to steady inflows.Sentiment ...
Mangalore based Corporation Bank has revised interest rates on NRE and FCNR deposits with effect from April 1.
The revised ...
The State Bank of Travancore has tied up with the Centre for Development of Imaging Technology to host and maintain the banks ...
Citibank plans to extend Rs 100 crore microfinance over the next two years in India.

Andhra Bank has revised interest rates on non resident external term deposits.

The Specified Undertaking of UTI or UTI-I has managed to dispose of around 25 per cent of the real estate assets held by it. ...
The investment arm of the Singapore government and the Dubai-based Emirates Financial Services (EFS) would be investing close to ...
The National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development (Nabard) is attempting to tap top corporates to further its mandate of ...
The yield on the ten-year benchmark 7.38 per cent 2015 closed at a high of 6.82 per cent on Wednesday as against a close of 6.73 ...
In a step towards securing the Indian banking and financial sector, the Institute for Development and Research in Banking ...
India's foreign exchange reserves zoomed by over $12 billion in five weeks ending March 19.
Frequent flyers have reason to smile as banks and airliners are offering a plethora of co-branded credit cards which offer ...
ICICI OneSource Ltd today completed the acquisition of Rev IT Systems, a Chennai based healthcare outsourcer.
The acquisition ...
The spot rupee, which opened at 43.78 per dollar, closed a tad higher at 43.76 per dollar on steady inflows.Sentiment was ...
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Ltd has raised the interest rates on its non-resident (external) rupee deposit scheme with effect ...
Corporation Banks total business as on March 31 stood at Rs 45,808 crore, recording a growth of 23.50 per cent over the previous ...
The Mahargujarat Bank
Employees Association (MBEA) has opposed the public issue of Allahabad Bank.
Cosmos Co-operative Bank Ltd has joined the fray with Saraswat Co-operative Bank to acquire the troubled Maratha Mandir ...
With capital charge on market risk of government securities becoming applicable in fiscal 2005-06, bankers are pressing the ...
Citibank is on an expansion drive in the second rung cities of India.
It will soon open branches at Vapi in Gujarat and in ...
A year after taking over reins of Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company as chief executive officer, Sam Ghosh has steered the ...
The yield on the benchmark 10-year paper, five days after the Fixed income Money Market and Derivatives Association pegged the ...
Bond dealers are walking away with hefty bonuses  even though volumes in the bond market have been shrinking on lacklustre ...
Companies wait for clarity on the impact of fringe benefit tax & superannuation funds.

The spot rupee, which slipped to an intra-day low of 43.85 per dollar, closed at 43.78 per dollar as against the Monday close of ...
India Inc's resource mobilisation through rights issue increased three-fold to Rs 3,616 crore during 2004-05, but lagged behind ...
Allahabad Bank has fixed its share price band at between Rs 75 and Rs 82 per share for its second, ongoing, public issue.
As many as 25 participants from 15 institutions working in the field of microfinance in eight countries, are participating in a ...
Citigroup Foundation has extended a grant of $3.5 million to the Ahmedabad-based Indian School of Microfinance for Women (ISMW) ...
In order to check the fiscal position of states, the Reserve Bank of India has advised the setting up of a consolidated sinking ...
The Punjab National Bank (PNB) will be one of the first few public sector banks to exercise the new-found freedom following the ...
ICICI Bank, the 51 per cent owner of the asset management company that operates the joint venture PruICICI Mutual Fund, is ...
Selling like hot cakes, Future Plus, the unit-linked pension plan of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), has already ...
The Food Corporation of India (FCI) mopped up a record Rs 3,023 crore through its second private placement of a Rs 1,000 crore ...
Commercial banks would have to follow stringent accounting norms in future on sales of assets through securitisation.
The Indian ...
In future there may be a fluid use of capital in banks, an approach that has been called the just-in-time balance sheet ...
Tracking an appreciating dollar globally, the spot rupee opened at 43.78 per dollar and dropped to 43.7950 per dollar in ...
With government proposing to give flexibility to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in fixing prudential limits, bankers expect a ...
The exit of Vikram Pandit, president of institutional securities at Morgan Stanley, and Guru Ramakrishnan, global head of trading ...
Mutt does not qualify as charitable organisation.
Allahabad Bank would take steps to increase credit supply to the agriculture sector during the current financial year.

The Malaprabha Grameena Bank, the regional rural bank catering to Dharwad, Belgaum, Haveri and Gadag districts has registered a ...
Mangalore-based private sector bank Karnataka Bank has surpassed its business turnover target of Rs 17,000 crore for the ...
Liquidity is the main factor keeping the Indian financial market buoyant.
Foreign portfolio inflows and proceeds of corporate ...
After being on the run from law for nine years, the most wanted fugitive in the multi-crore Indian Bank scam, M Varadharajalu, ...
The corporate debt restructuring (CDR) scheme is under review for a possible tightening.
Singapores largest bank, DBS Bank, has embarked on an expansion of its operations in India.
It is entering into investment ...
The market is confident of forex inflows this week.
Foreign portfolio investments in Indian equities is not the only source of ...
Its that time of the year when companies will first work out their borrowing programme for the entire fiscal and only thereafter ...
The government borrowing programme holds key to the trend this week.

Credit rating agency Icra said that Indian banks, notably state-owned entities, will have to raise Rs 12,000 crore more capital ...
ICICI Bank has revised interest rates on NRE savings account and NRE fixed deposits by 0.61% and 0.47%, respectively, across ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $1.223 billion to $140.907 billion for the week ended March 25, 2005 when compared with ...
Central Bank of India, one among the four unlisted public sector banks, is likely to get the Centres nod to restructure its ...
S C Gupta, chairman and managing director (CMD) of Indian Overseas Bank, is likely to head Punjab National Bank once the ...
Faced with high credit growth and low deposit accretion, banks are being forced to seek innovative means to access float funds or ...
The corporate sector should disclose unhedged and open positions in their market operations to their banks as a gesture of good ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) plans to hive-off its rural branches and merge them into a separate entity in 1-2 years, executive ...
Union Bank of India has achieved the target of doing business of over Rs 1 lakh crore for the current year.
According to ...
Allahabad Bank has drawn up plans to drastically increase its presence in south and west India.
Allahabad Bank, which is set to make a foray into the international markets with the opening of a subsidiary in Kazakhstan in ...
After a break of four years, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to give the green signal to Punjab National Bank (PNB) to set ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will stick to the central governments ways and means advances (WMA) limits for 2005-06.
ICICI Bank has emerged as the largest seller of bad loans, 134 cases worth Rs 8,450 crore, to the Asset Reconstruction Company of ...
Leading public sector banks were seen striking off-market deals in bonds yesterday to beat down yields on government securities ...
Following the recommendations from the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), Corporation Bank is looking at the overseas market.

The spot rupee, which opened at 43.78 per dollar, firmed up to close at 43.74 per dollar on steady inflows.
The rupee dropped a ...
Public sector banks, foreign banks and primary dealers seem to be divided over the closing levels of the yield on ten-year ...
IDBI Homefinance Ltd today raised its retail prime lending rate (RPLR) by 25 basis points to 9.5 per cent with effect from March ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today announced an increase in the aggregate normal ways & means advances of state ...
The yield on ten-year benchmark 7.38 per cent 2015 paper is likely to close in a wide range of 6.60-70 per cent while the spot ...
Sugar mills that want to take a loan restructuring package from the banking sector or are already availing of one, might have to ...
The spot rupee, which moved up to 43.79 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a steady note at 43.81 per dollar ...
Indian banks, which have strengthened their balance sheets, will trigger mergers and acquisitions to conform to stringent ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) today returned three crore equity shares of Rs 10/- each to the government of India.According ...
Banks and financial institutions are tapping the external commercial borrowing (ECB) market for raising short-term funds even as ...
A special clearing session of the Mangalore Bankers Clearing House will be held on March 31 at 6 pm to facilitate the payment of ...
The Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) will take into account stock market conditions before finally deciding on ...
The Karnataka Bank Limited is expecting an 18 to 20 per cent increase in its net profits during this fiscal.
Last fiscal, the ...
Unichem Laboratories, a Rs 500 crore plus pharmaceutical company, today acquired an active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) ...
The Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) will take into account stock market conditions before finally deciding on ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) has for the first time in India launched a residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) scheme ...
The banking sectors wage settlement is yet to be signed; the bone of contention being the redefinition of pension benefits which ...
The rate of defaults in debt instruments rated by Crisil is on the decline since 2000.
Crisils annual default rates for the five ...
Higher government borrowing programme for the first half of the new financial year 2005-06 has sent jitters in the debt market.
The rupee failed to hold onto its early gains as strengthening dollar against the major overseas currencies coupled with fall in ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd (Kotak OM Life) has embarked on a two pronged strategy to double its premium income ...
Employees of the Surat Peoples Co-operative Bank Ltd, on Monday, staged demonstrations to protest the illegal suspension of one ...
The Centre will conduct a market borrowing programme of Rs 83,000 crore in the first half of the new financial year 2005-06.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is set to return about Rs 1,170 crore to its promoter Government of India this weak before the end of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to allow commercial banks to use the investment fluctuation reserve (IFR) for setting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Yaga Venugopal Reddy will unveil the annual policy statement for 2005-06 on April 28.
Yield on 10-year paper up by over 1.5%.
The government is planning to raise Rs 83,000 crore from the market in the first half of the next fiscal, according to the ...
The spot rupee, which opened at  43.81 per dollar, firmed up to close at 43. 78 per dollar on sustained ...
Dr. Y.V. Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI), will announce the annual policy statement for 2005-06 on April 28, ...
The holdings of foreign institutional investors (FIIs) and non-resident Indians (NRIs) in Punjab National Bank (PNB) has gone up ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Allahabad Bank will finalise the plan for a 60:40 joint venture in Kazakhstan with an initial ...
Dena Bank is to issue unsecured, non convertible, redeemable subordinated bonds (tier II bonds series VIII) with a face value of ...
The fund is in addition to the Rs 10,000 cr SPV announced in the Budget.
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Limited will launch Moneyplant International Debit Card on March 29, said Ananthakrishna, chairman ...
The committees set up by the state government to look into the issue of the defaulters of co-operative banks have started their ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and State Bank of India (SBI) have sanctioned a Rs 400 crore loan to Jindal ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is planning to list the additional eight crore shares allotted recently to investors on March ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.701 billion to $142.13 billion for the week ended March 18, 2005, according to the weekly ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and State Bank of India (SBI) have sanctioned a Rs 400 crore loan to Jindal ...
The beleaguered Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank Ltd (MMCB) might not be able to recover around Rs 375 crore from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ordered liquidation of Mumbai-based The Raghuvanshi Cooperative Bank, which was under a ...
Banks in the state are confident of surpassing the target of disbursement of Rs 6,091 crore as agriculture credit for the year ...
Despite the convergence of a slew of negative factors, the medium-term outlook for the rupee remains bullish, said U ...
The Reserve Bank of India is understood to have expressed its willingness to offer consultancy services for fund managenment for ...
Yes Bank intends to enter merchant banking and investment banking business.
The bank is also looking at bancassurance through a ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to rework the mechanism for fixing the bidding commitment for primary dealers 0sat primary ...
Believe it or not, some banks are actually taking one-year deposits offering an interest rate of over 7 per cent and lending ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.82 per dollar, but moved up on sustained inflows and selling ahead of the long weekend to close at ...
K C Chakrabarty, executive director of Punjab National Bank (PNB), today said the bank has got the necessary approvals for ...
The IndusInd Bank will have its 150th branch by the end of March.
Ten new branches will be opened in a week.
Executive VP Suresh ...
Smaller deals in the government bond market are set to gain from the Maharashtra governments decision to reduce stamp duty by 95 ...
Allahabad Bank will meet its budgeted net profit figure of Rs 600 crore for the year ended March 2005, said the banks
Centurion Bank has raised $70 million (about Rs 300 crore) through a issue of 14,583,300 global depositary receipts (GDRs) at a ...
The government is contemplating a separate regulator for cooperative banks and restrict the role of the Reserve Bank of India ...
The Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC) jointly with State Bank of India (SBI) launched a venture capital fund, ...
The spot rupee opened at 43. 74 per dollar.
The dollar
rally in overseas markets and importer-demand saw the rupee slip to close ...
Centurion Bank has raised $70 million (about Rs 300 crore) by issuing 1,45,83,300 GDRs at $4.80 per GDR.According to a ...
Employees of around 270 bank branches, both private sector and public sector, in Mysore district joined the one-day strike call ...
Holders of pension plans, sold by private insurance companies, could see their bonuses vastly slashed if the Income Tax ...
Corporate India and multinational companies (MNCs) companies are seeking to discourage employees from putting more and more money ...
This strike the banking industry saved Rs 55 crore on account of salary payable to the award staff as well as officers who ...
Close to one million bank employees took part in a nation-wide strike today, paralysing banking transactions across the country. ...
Provident funds (PFs) willing to invest five per cent of their incremental inflows in the equity markets will not be able to make ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy today called upon the non banking finance companies (NBFCs) to voluntarily move ...
Trading in the forex and bond markets was affected with PSU bank employees on a one-day strike today.The spot rupee, ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India, met representatives of the Finance Industry Development Council (FIDC), a ...
ICICI Bank has opened an office in the South African city of Johannesburg to capitalise on India's growing ties with African ...
A K Purwar, chairman of State Bank of India, today ruled out physical merger of associate banks with itelf in the near future, ...
Banking operations in the country's financial capital especially at branches of state-owned banks were hit today by a nation-wide ...
The Indian Farmers Fertiliser Co-operative Ltd (IFFCO)-Tokio General Insurance, a company providing insurance scheme to farmers, ...
Allahabad Bank plans to kick off operations in Hong Kong and Kazakhstan.
In its Red Herring prospectus submitted to the ...
The government has named Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) chairman V P Shetty as the chairman and the executive ...
After a long gap, the foreign exchange market today witnessed long-term covering of payment dues by importers.
The pressure on ...
A reversal in the interest rate cycle and trading losses have curbed the expansion of primary dealerships.

The $42 billion MetLife Inc aims to replicate its success story in the US in India where it today holds a 26 per cent market ...
Close on the heels of UTI Bank's global depository receipts (GDR) issue, Centurion Bank is firming up plans to raise around $ 65 ...
Left pressure likely reason, say govt sources.
HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company has chalked out a strategy to expand its presence in the country.
Sentiment was bearish in the forex market today.
The rupee, after touching an intra-day high of 43.66 per dollar, declined to ...
R.N. Bhardwaj, chairman, accompanied by  A.K. Shukla, managing director and Ashok Shah, zonal manager (North Zone) of LIC of ...
Allahabad Bank will tap the market early next fiscal to raise about Rs 900 crore.O N Singh, chairman of Allahabad Bank, ...
As the interest rate scenario is uncertain, the corporate bond markets will track the government securities market this week.
The government securities market is expected to remain lacklustre this week as investors would remain on the sidelines on account ...
The rupee is expected to be kept in a tight range this week.
Apart from the impact of the overseas dollar movements, the rupee ...
Global oil prices will determine the movements in the foreign exchange and bond markets this week.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has assessed the potential for horticulture in Tamil Nadu that ...
Euronet Services india, the electronic payment solutions provider, is seeking the approval of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomd past the $140 billion-mark to $140.429 billion for the week ended March 11, 2005 when compared ...
Forex Exchange Reserves rose $2.87 billion to touch a record high of $140.429 billion for the week ended March 11 as against the ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance is looking at spreading its wings to Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada in the next fiscal. ...
The Mangalore-based Corporation Bank, which entered its centenary year on March 12, has launched the Corp Kisan Card.

ICICI Bank on Friday priced its sponsored American depository share
(ADS) issue at $21.11 per share.
The pricing was at a premium ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to deploy about 5,000 employees as marketing personnel and relationship managers across the ...
Foreign direct investment (FDI) in the insurance sector should match that given to the pension sector, as the two are related, ...
Yes Bank, in its Red Herring prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, said Rabobank International ...
The spot rupee closed unchanged at 43.66 per dollar, recovering from the day's low of 43.70 per dollar.Dollar buying on ...
ICICI Bank's sponsored American Depositary Shares (ADS) offering registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission has ...
Introducing the concept of privileged banking, Bank of India(BoI) has launched Star Diamond Savings Account(SDSA), a newly ...
HDFC Bank and Yes Bank are likely to pick up around 10 per cent and about 3 per cent stake respectively in the National ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to rope in corporates into micro-finance. The largest commercial bank in the country is ...
A proposal to allow foreign banks an option to exit from a corporate debt restructuring (CDR) package has failed to get through. ...
Kalupur Commercial Co-operative Bank (KCCB) has become the first Gujarat co-operative bank to foray into bancassurance after it ...
The spot rupee slipped 3 paise to close at 43.66 per dollar on demand from PSU banks and corporates after crude prices crossed ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed FIIs to buy up to 30% of equity shares or debentures of Kotak Mahindra ...
Close on the heels of the appointment of an administrator for the crisis-hit Metro Co-operative Bank, the Reserve Bank of India ...
Many players are entering the home loan market with promotional offers, which may be a good opportunity for existing borrowers to ...
The Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) today decided to raise the deposit insurance premium to 10 paise ...
Following the takeover of private sector Global Trust Bank (GTB) by state-run Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), about 367 ...
Yes Bank, the newest private sector bank, is likely to price its initial public offer (IPO) at around Rs 50 per share.
The bank ...
Canara Bank is picking up around 7 per cent stake in Central Depository Services Ltd (CDSL), one of the two depository ...
UTI Bank's issue of 40.49 million global depository receipts (GDR) for $239.3 million (excluding the green shoe option of $35.9 ...
The acquisition of the erstwhile Global Trust Bank (GTB) has adversely affected the operations and financial condition of ...
The spot rupee  opened at 43.61 per dollar, and dipped to 43.66 per dollar on buying by PSU banks.
It finally closed at ...
YES Bank, the new private sector bank, has filed a draft red herring prospectus with Sebi for its initial public offering (IPO) ...
The board of directors of South Indian Bank will meet on March 31, 2005 to consider a proposal for raising more capital by ...
The integration process of Global Trust Bank (GTB) with Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) would be completed by June 2006.
This was ...
Automobile insurance is likely to get cheaper once the regulatory authority IRDA puts in place its detariffing structure.

Visa International, one of the worlds leading payment facilitator will don a new look in the coming months.
The company has ...
The Tamil Nadu based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) has firmed up plans to raise Rs 44.57 crore through a 7:20 rights issue priced at ...
The government is planning to raise the overall limit of external commercial borrowings (ECB) for the next financial year.

Punjab National Bank (PNB) will not be merging the beleaguered IFCI with itself after the government decided against extending ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) employees of the northern region would go on a day-long token strike on March 31 demanding an ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.56 per dollar, and firmed up to 43. 53 per dollar on sustained inflows.
Buying  by PSU banks saw ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has sanctioned Rs 400 crore to Jet Airways for fleet acquisition, minister of state for finance ...
State Bank of India (SBI), was yet to firm up its plans on taking over UTI Asset Management Company, the largest mutual fund ...
It is not just the Banking Cash Withdrawal Tax (BCWT) but the proposed Section 206A in the Income Tax Act that has the ...
The position of urban co-operative banks (UCBs) in south Gujarat, particularly Surat, has improved in the last five years, ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) expects to get about 200 microfinance institutions assessed by ...
Indian Bank plans to tap the equity market next fiscal to bolster its Tier-I capital following a 25 per cent growth in advances ...
ICICI Bank MD and CEO K V Kamath is likely to rejoin the Prudential ICICI Asset Management Company board.
Bracing itself for increased competition from foreign and private banks, Dena Bank, one of the weak public sector banks, has ...
Banks have embarked upon a wave of selling of illiquid securities by banks in the bonds market as they want to book profits with ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.60 per dollar and moved up to 43.50 per dollar on sustained inflows.
Buying by PSU banks at that ...
The 3:1 rights issue of ING Vysya Bank at a premium of Rs 35 per share will open tomorrow.According to a release issued ...
The claim is on account of the amount set aside for meeting its solvency margin.
Corporation Bank entered its centenary year on Saturday.
From a humble beginning with a capital of Rs 5,000 and a deposit of Rs ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has filed the prospectus with Sebi for its public offer to raise about Rs 2,000 crore in the ...
Following the purchase of 2% stake in Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX), HDFC Bank is now planning to pick up a stake in National ...
After more than doubling profits in 2004, SBI Capital Markets (SBI Caps), the investment banking subsidiary of SBI, has decided ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.901 billion to $137.559 billion for the week ended March 4, 2005, according to the weekly ...
Forex reserves moved up by $1.9 billion to touch the $137.55 billion mark for the week ended March 04, according to a weekly ...
Indian banks have about five years to shape up to face the challenges of unfettered competition, and banks need to introduce ...
State Bank of India is offering term loans to franchisees of Apollo Hospitals to set up the clinic model across the country.

Maintaining his view that interest rates would be stable in the short term, State Bank of India (SBI) chairman A K Purwar said ...
ICICI Bank today reported its net income under the US generally accepted accounting practices (GAAP) for the nine months ended ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy today said the special purpose vehicle (SPV) proposed for infrastructure ...
ICICI Bank has increased its stake in Prudential ICICI Asset Management Company to 51 per cent, thus reducing Prudential Plcs ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is witnessing unprecedented growth in its loan book.
IDBI Bank has launched Indias first online direct tax payment facility in Hyderabad.
Individuals and corporate taxpayers can now ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is learnt to have suggested to the Gujarat government to come out with recapitalisation bonds, in ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.59 per dollar, but sustained inflows and lack of buying by PSU banks saw the rupee firm up to 43.57 ...
The public offer of eight crore shares by Punjab National Bank, which closed today, has attracted bids for 104.37 crore ...
Y V Reddy, Governor of Reserve Bank of India, today said the inflation for 2004-05 will be lower than the estimated 6.5%, and ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to raise tier-II capital (subordinated debt) worth Rs 3,000-4,000 crore to support credit ...
ICICI Bank and Prudential of the United Kingdom {Prudential) today announced that they are restructuring the shareholding in ...
Deutsche Securities today bought about 3.7 per cent in HDFC Bank at Rs 713.4 crore.
It bought 1.16 crore
shares at Rs 615 per ...
Dollar game hots up on bank street.
Can the operations in the IT and ITeS sectors affect the working of the insurance industry?
Or can any change in the employee ...
Private equity firm Chrys Cap Mauritius proposal to acquire a 12.89 per cent stake in Development Credit Bank (DCB) has been ...
Its promotion time across public sector banks.
About 85 general managers from various banks
will be interviewed for the post of ...
HDFC Bank, one of Indias largest private sector banks, announced its strategic participation in the equity of Multi Commodity ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is learnt to be restructuring itself in order to streamline operations.
According to banking ...
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) will infuse $150 million of capital in its Indian operations this month to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today constituted a Board for Regulation and Supervision of Payment and Settlement Systems ...
The spot rupee firmed up to 43.59 per dollar as against the last close of 43.63 per dollar on strong inflows and lack of buying ...
HDFC Bank has picked up equity stake in Multi-commodity Exchange of India (MCX).The exchange officials declined to ...
The board of directors of Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), which met today, has approved a proposal to raise equity capital from ...
HSBC is planning to infuse $180 million in its India operations.
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has proposed to launch the third tranche of IDBI Omnibonds (2005) issue on March 10, ...
The government is considering relaxing the external commercial borrowings (ECB) norms and removing restrictions on Foreign ...
Commercial banks are likely to see a drastic reduction in their capital with the implementation of the stringent Basel II norms ...
Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED), the principle shareholder in Development Credit Bank (DCB), has decided to inject ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India Ltds (IDBI) proposal to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) seeking priority sector status ...
Dollar bearishness across the globe saw the spot rupee open at 43.70 per dollar, and close on a firm note at 43. 63 per dollar ...
As part of its drive to make banking more convenient for its customers, Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank plans to increase its ATM ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to step up agricultural credit by entering into contract farming agreements with ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) is planning to offer 5 per cent stake to Societe Generale (SocGen) at Rs 85-90 per share.
Foreign banks will not be allowed unbridled expansion of their branches.
Coop bank seeks Abhijeet Sawant as ambassador.
BNP Paribas will launch a non-banking finance company (NBFC) in the second quarter of 2005 for providing discretionary portfolio ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is in favour of introducing credit derivatives in the corporate debt market.
The Hinduja Group-owned IndusInd Bank aims to touch a million retail customers by the end of the next fiscal, via. targetted ...
The Malaprabha Grameena Bank (M G Bank) has raised the interest on deposits.
The bank is offering a maximum of 6.50 per cent to ...
Scores of Indians who use the public provident fund (PPF) as a tax saving tool might now need to maintain three separate accounts ...
Bank of India (BoI), which has presence in 12 countries, has sought the approval of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to set up ...
HDFC Standard Life Insurance managing director and CEO Deepak Satwalekar today flayed the different foreign direct investment ...
The government has decided to extend a budgetary support of Rs 280 crore to help Life Insurance Corporation expand overseas and ...
UTI Banks maiden global depository receipts (GDR) issue of around $200 million is likely to open late next week.
The bank has ...
Perform for pay, says SBI; BoB to hire from market.
The public offer of Punjab National Bank (PNB) in the price band of Rs 350-390 per share was subscribed 4.88 times, according to ...
Sentiment was bullish in the forex market today.The spot rupee opened at 43.72  per dollar, and moved up to 43.67 ...
Rakesh Mohan, economic affairs secretary, today said the financial system has surplus liquidity of about Rs 1,00,000 crore due to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has signed a tripartite agreement with industrial groups and farmers to develop contract farming system ...
The second public offering of Punjab National Bank (PNB) was oversubscribed by two times within minutes of its opening ...
The Left Front is not in favour of mergers and acquisitions in the banking sector and would oppose it if it is attempted without ...
IDBI Bank is considering to increase the number of branches offering corporate banking services in the next financial year.
The ...
The Vijayawada region of the Central Bank of India, comprising 10 districts, achieved a 34 per cent increase in disbursal of ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has chalked out an investment of about Rs 3,000 crore in the power sector as part of ...
Warren Buffett has warned that the US trade deficit risks creating a sharecroppers society as his letter to Berkshire ...
Foreign exchange reserves zoomed $2.699 billion to $135.658 billion for the week ended February 25, 2005 when compared with the ...
The customary, post-budget meeting of the central board of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) with the finance minister was held in ...
The new kid on the banking block has set up an e-bay centre at every ATM which will enable customers make balance enquiries, get ...
The tax break in the Budget proposal is open to people regardless of their income to an extent of Rs 1 lakh, unlike the existing ...
S&P proposes to buy out existing shareholders of Crisil and acquire at least 51 per cent in the domestic rating agency. ...
The government will also make necessary amendment to the LIC Act to enable the state corporation to have reserves.
The hike in ...
The regulator has suggested that CRAR in respect of these banks may be replaced with a net owned funds to net demand and time ...
The failure of Karnataka Central Cooperative (KCC) Bank to recover the outstanding dues of Rs 357 crore has sent co-operative ...
The south central zone of insurance behemoth, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), has launched a unit-linked pension plan ...
Fifty seven branches of Indian Bank in Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts, which come under the Vijayawada circle, disbursed ...
Indian banks, notably state-owned entities, will need Rs 11,900 crore more capital for meeting operational risks alone, and may ...
Call rates ended sharply lower at 4.25-4.50% at the overnight call money market today due to limited demand amidst ample ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India launched a unit linked pension plan 'Future Plus' today."The plan comes with a ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram will hold discussions with Reserve Bank of India (RBI) the monetary policy implications of budget ...
The finance ministers effort to check tax evasion by slapping a nominal tax on cash withdrawals may, indeed, force moneybags ...
He handed over charge of Canara Bank to the Bangalore-based banks executive director B Swaminathan.
Shetty will fly down to ...
RBI said after a periodical review, it has decided that banks should make meaningful disclosures of their derivatives portfolio ...
Our new plans will mostly be unit-linked based.
There is an advantage in this since the investment risk is passed on to the ...
Former government employees are not permitted to take up positions post retirement for a period of two years, without the ...
The issue would also help the government generate Rs 1,050-1,170 crore as disinvestment receipts as the realisation from the sale ...
Bank of New York (BNY) along with six FIIs have acquired a total of 18.5 per cent in LIC Housing Finance following its BoDs ...
The spot rupee, which touched an intra-day high of 43.64 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed at 43.73 per dollar on buying by ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has fixed the price band for its eight crore share
offer at Rs 350-390 per share.According to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said foreign institutional investors (FIIs), non-resident indians (NRIs) and persons of Indian ...
Union finance minister P Chidambaram while delivering his budget speech on Monday said that co-operative banks in India, with a ...
Kolkata-based retail finance company, Magma Leasing Limited, has tied up with National Insurance Company Limited, to launch a ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), the associate bank of State Bank of India (SBI), has inaugurated its 100th branch which provides ...
The Mumbai High Court receiver has taken possession of the assets of Ahmedabad-based Mardia Chemicals Ltd in a case filed by ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) today announced that a meeting of its board of directors is to be held on March 10, 2005, to consider ...
Corporation Bank has revised the interest rates on NRE term deposits up to 0.4 per cent across different maturities with effect ...
He, however, added that the government could end up borrowing less from the market than the Budget projection for 2005-06.
Bindra is the head of StanCharts newly-carved out South Asia region.
Low left for South Korea at the end of January 2005, having ...
Standard & Poors (S&P) credit analyst Ping Chew said the Budget has shown a lack of success in reducing the countrys ...
IDBI has urged the RBI to consider its overseas borrowings after April 1, 2005 for compliance with the external borrowing ...
Add to that the inconvenience factor at bank branches.
No wonder, most of the bankers feel that the proposal will not be passed ...
Indian operations to begin in 2 years.
Whenever we have carried out search operations, we have invariably found large sums of cash that have passed through the banking ...
There is enough liquidity in the system.
One does not see a problem in borrowing, Economic Affairs Secretary Rakesh Mohan told ...
The rupee touched an intra-day high of 43.69 per dollar on strong inflows.
Buying by PSU banks saw the rupee shed gains, and ...
The board of directors of Corporation Bank at their meeting held today have approved the proposal for merger of Chikmagalur ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will be able to carry out the government borrowing programme in the next fiscal without much ...
The finance bill has proposed tax benefit for bank mergers.
A bank merged with another loss-making bank will get the benefit of ...
Banks may make a beeline to raise capital through the issue of preference shares as there is a huge cost advantage involved ...
Reserve Bank of India has liberalised norms regarding setting up of new branches by Indian banks abroad and also for foreign ...
V P Shetty, chairman of Canara Bank, has been designated to take charge as chairman at the newly formed banking company IDBI.
Not interested in a product?
They won't call you for the next 3 months.

Deal inked for Rs 45cr; fund buys 13.6mn shares in block deals.
The spot rupee, which hit an intra-day high of 43.67 per dollar, closed on a steady note at 43.72 per dollar ...
State Bank of India (SBI) today raised the interest rates on new NRI term deposits."The revised rate for deposits
of one ...
YES Bank is planning an initial public offering (IPO) to raise over Rs 300 crore and tier-II capital of Rs 100 crore before June ...
The government will give about Rs 495 crore to IDBI as part of an ADB line of credit, implementing the USAID greenhouse pollution ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) will get about Rs 280 crore from the government for hiking its capital base.The finance ...
Canfin Homes today launched three non-housing finance products as it aims to increase its business by 30% during the next ...
Three critical aspects deserve emphasis.
First, the Budget operationalises the commitments of the national common minimum ...
The Budget is pro-agriculture and rural development.
It recognises that given the fall in growth in agriculture it is necessary ...
The Budget turns out to be a damp squib for provident fund managers and, more importantly, employers.
But the absence of ...
Interest rates are not likely to harden, given the governments move to bring in extra liquidity into the economy through the CRR ...
For the corporate sector, this Budget promises a significant boost.
A number of initiatives will add to both top line and ...
HSBC will now have to pare its 14.62 per cent shareholding in UTI Bank.
MFIs to play an intermediary role between banks and beneficiaries.
Fluctuation in foreign exchange reserves spurs move, banking sector seen benefiting.
The sector will get a Rs 11,000 crore package based on the Vaidyanathan Committee Report
SCRA reform, rationalisation of stamp duty for banks and non-bank issuers of commercial paper proposed.
The unshackling of SLR and CRR will improve liquidity in the banking system and lead to better profit.
Voting rights cap to go.

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today made it clear that domestic private banks can be foreign owned up to 74% and voting rights in ...
The spot rupee firmed up to 43.68 per dollar as against the last weekend close of 43.73 per dollar on sustained inflows and lack ...
In a major benefit to NRIs, finance minister P Chidambaram today extended tax exemption on interest in non-resident (external) ...
Borrowings will continue to be the mainstay of government resources, accounting for 25 paise of each rupee revenue in 2005-06, ...
Centre's market borrowing is set to go up by 42% to Rs 1,00,836 crore in 2005-06 as the government faces the uphill task of ...
The surplus liquidity situation is expected to continue this week owing to a surge in capital inflows.

`Administrative nightmare for banks.'
The trustees of HMTs Rs 40.43 crore bond issue today received a letter from the company stating that the central government has ...
ICICI Lombard has firmed up a Rs 50 crore investment plan for enhancing its rural network and has also entered into talks with ...
A new national health programme is expected to be announced shortly where local panchayats will be the nodal agency in marketing ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $2.979 billion to $132.959 billion for the week ended February 18, 2005 from $129.98 billion ...
The spot rupee slipped to 43.73 per dollar as against the last close of 43.69 per dollar on sustained buying by PSU banks ...
French banking group BNP Paribas is exploring opportunities for acquisition of assets under management of private banking ...
After announcing a package of managerial autonomy for public sector banks, the Union finance ministry proposes to dismantle the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has disputed Industrial Development Bank of Indias (IDBI) interpretation of asset classification ...
The government will lower the minimum threshold limit for standalone health insurance companies to Rs 25 crore.
The Union budget for 2005-06 is likely to double the tax benefit available under Section 80 CCC(i) to Rs 20,000 for investments ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.73 per dollar, and gained to 43.64 per dollar on selling by foreign banks.
The rupee finally closed ...
The board of directors of Vijaya Bank today cleared a proposal to pay an interim dividend of 15% for FY05.
This was announced in ...
A virtual bank with no brick and mortar branches on the lines of Egg Bank of the UK may not be very far away in India.

Punjab National Bank (PNB) has initialised efforts to merge its regional rural banks (RRBs) in Haryana, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh ...
Last month, managers at ICICI Prudential Life received a flurry of queries from worried customers and prospective ones on the ...
The appointments board of the finance ministry will meet eight executive directors (EDs) of public sector banks (PSBs) on March 4 ...
The Rs 6,300 crore sale of state development loan (SDL) today closed without garnering full subscription.
This the second ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) will complete the integration of all its functions with IDBI Bank within five years ...
The government has asked Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) to extinguish the 2.5 per cent of its holding in IDBI Bank ...
Bharti, Nova Scotia, ICB Financial to pick up 4.99% each.
Asian Development Bank (ADB) is working on a grand plan to link Kabul with Bangkok and Hanoi through India as a part of its goal ...
A high level team of Asian Development Bank (ADB) consisting of six executive directors would be visiting the Indian Institute of ...
Sentiment was bullish in the forex market today.
Heavy inflows saw the rupee, which opened at 43.74 per dollar, touch an ...
The board of directors of Bank of Punjab today approved a proposal to issue 2,42,85,176 equity shares at Rs 38 per share to raise ...
Indiabulls Financial Services will raise upto $60 million through global depository receipts (GDRs) from the international ...
The Reserve Bank of India has extended the anti-money laundering guidelines applicable to banks to non-banking financial ...
After Food Corporation of Indias (FCI) Rs 1,000- crore bond issue yesterday, the corporation has said it intends to borrow ...
Bank Rakyat Indonesia (BRI) has entered into a $600,000 deal with Infrasoft Technologies to put in place the worlds largest ...
Detariffing of the local insurance industry should not be rushed into.
Nor should it be undertaken in a piecemeal fashion, ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India Ltd (IDBI Ltd) is planning to clear around Rs 10,000-12,000 crore of high-cost debt in ...
Bank managers expect, actually hope, that the Budget will outline a roadmap for bank mergers which are currently on hold, in view ...
PSU banks can now enter new business lines without government approval.

The Maharashtra government is set to workout a fresh proposal seeking a structural adjustment loan (SAL) from the World Bank ...
The finance ministry today announced a new set of norms for public sector banks to grant them more managerial ...
The spot rupee moved up to 43.76 per dollar today as against the last close of 43.83 per dollar on dollar weakness in overseas ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) will merge loss-making Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) with itself only if the ...
Bank of India (BoI) may reveal its strategy shortly to enhance its position in credit to small and medium enterprises (SMEs).
Bank of India (BoI), as part of its overseas plans, is planning to raise foreign currency funds through medium term bonds.
The ...
ICICI Bank on Monday announced a second public offering of bonds to raise Rs 800 crore, after raising over Rs 1,200 crore earlier ...
Asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) have moved the finance ministry seeking a tax status that is on a par with mutual funds.
As ...
State Bank of India (SBI) plans to cover nearly 85 per cent of its business under its core banking solution by end of March 2006. ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has embarked on its second round of restructuring  essentially a four-pronged strategy to make it ...
State Bank of India (SBI), Andhra Pradesh Circle, will be opening 40 more branches and about 100 ATMs across the state next ...
Backup: domestic equity issue.
Sentiment was dull in the forex market today.
With the US markets closed, the spot market witnessed a range-bound ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) plans to announce the price-band for the second public issue of eight crore equity shares on March 4, ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to shift about 85% of its total business transactions to the core banking solution (CBS) by ...
Government securities may rally in the run up to the Budget.
Inflation rate is likely to fall below 5 per cent next week even as ...
Intervention of the Reserve Bank of India is crucial for the movement of the spot rupee.
Inflows from foreign institutional ...
The market is set to witness a major float this week.
Food Corporation of India is likely to borrow around Rs 1,000 crore at 7.30 ...
Liquidity will continue to be surplus even if forex inflows fluctuate.

Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) today ruled out any further acquisitions for a year as it was now concentrating on synergising ...
The upcoming budget is likely to push for banking reforms and lay the foundation for "hassle-free mergers" of banks by bringing ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $1.066 billion to $129.98 billion for the week ended February 11, 2005 from $128.914 billion ...
PNB Housing Finance will roll out its deposit-linked housing finance scheme in April.

Canara Bank signed a memorandum of understanding with United India Insurance Company on Thursday to distribute the insurers ...
J N Godbole, senior most executive director of IDBI, will run the operations of the bank till the government names Damodarans ...
Domestic credit rating agency CARE today downgraded the rating assigned to the long-term and medium term bond issues of HMT.
Punjab National Bank is exploring the possibility of setting up a subsidiary in the United Kingdom in addition to branches and ...
An air of uneasiness prevailed in the 23-storeyed IDBI Towers at Cuffe Parade in south Mumbai as news of the abrupt exit of M ...
Canara Bank has raised tier II capital of Rs 500 crore via private placement of bonds, a company release said here on Friday.
The ...
Provident fund trustees today are forced to invest in the bonds of public sector undertakings (PSUs), which are of suspect ...
The Associate Banks Officers Association (ABOA) in a press release has said that they were in favour of formation of an ...
Oriental, BoB, Bank of Maharashtra to jointly set up subsidiary.
Standard & Poors (S&P) today said it was examining the circumstances surrounding the missed interest payments by two ...
Sentiment was bearish in the forex market today.
The spot rupee opened at 43.80 per dollar, and closed on a weak note at 43.85 ...
Bonds shed early gains after the release of inflation data.
The yield on the 10-year bond rose to 6.4662% against the early ...
The Karnataka Bank has announced an upward revision of domestic term deposit rates with effect from February 21 on fresh deposits ...
The Malaprabha Grameena Bank signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Shell Solar Company, Bangalore on Thursday for ...
Central Bank of India might need to infuse capital into its housing finance arm Cent Bank Home Finance to write off the huge non ...
Union Bank of India is setting up retail outlets across the country in a bid to ramp up its retail portfolio.
The public sector ...
Huge accretion to the liquid schemes of mutual funds and the urge to window-dress balance sheets have led to a rush for deposits. ...
Keeping its option of a public offer open, State Bank of India (SBI) plans to mop up Rs 3,000-4,000 crore through bonds this ...
Sentiment was bearish in the forex market today.
The spot rupee opened at 43.75 per dollar, and moved up to an intra-day high of ...
The Gujarat government on Tuesday superseded the board of the crisis-ridden Century Co-operative Bank Ltd, and appointed C V ...
The Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT), the global body of insurance agents, will take up with the US embassy the issue of grant ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) is soon provide demat accounts to its customers and is in the process of signing an memorandum of ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) has raised its disbursement target for the year by 75 per cent from Rs 4,000 crore to Rs 7,000 ...
The Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Limited is celebrating its Founders Day on February 18.
The event will be held from 5 pm at ...
Andhra Bank on Wednesday signed an MoU with the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India (ICFAI) for providing ...
RBI, govt mull raising $500 mn cap in corporate bonds.
The voluntary conditional open offer of Standard & Poors (S&P) to raise its stake in the domestic rating agency Crisil ...
The spot rupee opened at 43.78 per dollar, and went up to 43.83 per dollar in intra-day deals.
It finally closed on a firm note ...
In what could be a major relief to policy holders, LIC and other insurers are likely to absorb the 10% service tax and 2% ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has decided to hit the market on March 7 for raising close to Rs 3,000 crore through its second public ...
ING Vysya Life earned premium income of Rs 150 crore in the year to December, growing 312 per cent over the previous year, the ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has transferred SLR securities in its portfolio from available for sale (AFS) to held to ...
UTI Bank is planning to kick-start its overseas operations by setting up offices in Dubai, Singapore and Sri Lanka.
The bank will ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided that all banks will adopt the standardised approach for credit risk and basic ...
Through voluntary conditional open offer at Rs 680/share.
Insurance companies would have to wait a little longer before motor vehicle insurance business is freed from administered ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (IRDA) is planning to set up a school of actuarial sciences.
The regulator in ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance has increased its paid-up capital by Rs 90 crore to Rs 290 crore to keep pace with the projected 100 per ...
Sentiment was volatile in the forex market today.The spot rupee opened at 43.80 per dollar, and gained all the way up to ...
In what could buoy the equity market next fiscal, Life Insurancecorporation (LIC) said its equity exposure could go up to 10% ...
IDBI Bank is exploring options to set up an offshore banking unit in Bahrain or Singapore to grow its trade finance business.

Bank of Baroda (BoB) has received the governments approval for its second public issue even as another big public sector bank  ...
Federal Bank aims to raise Rs 600 crore to Rs 750 crore in next fiscal through a combination of a public issue and a rights ...
The Bhavnagar-based State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) plans to bring all its 419 branches under the core banking solutions (CBS) ...
In a bid to cash in on the growth that Gujarat has been experiencing, the Dena Bank is at present chalking out a `Resurgent ...
The urban co-operative banking (UCB) sector, caught in a crisis of late, has sought rationalisation of existing regulatory ...
The Vijayawada zone of Andhra Bank, at the end of the third quarter of the current fiscal, has recorded a growth of 22.93 per ...
The GoI & K'taka govt will jointly float a 30-year bond for the B'lore metro rail.
Exchange rate movements tend to have linkages with interest rates in an environment of increasing capital flows, narrowing ...
The spot rupee, which opened at 43.76/77 per dollar, firmed up to 43.64 per dollar in intra-day deals.
It, however, slipped ...
While New India Assurance (NIA), National Insurance Company (NIC) and Reliance General saw decline in their business, ICICI ...
The central government has approved a proposal of Bank of Baroda for its second public float.According to a release ...
In what could bring down home loan rates, the central board of trustees of Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) is toying ...
The rupee rebounded from the month's lows today, with sentiment bolstered by rising regional currencies and robust export data. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in consultation with the state governments, proposes to set up a state-level apex body to solve ...
Fundamentally, the spot rupee is expected to appreciate this week on the back of foreign exchange inflows.
Government securities will continue to rally this week as well as positive triggers outweigh the negatives.
Even as oil prices ...
The market may see a few primary issues this week as yields on corporate bonds have started declining after the rally in prices ...
The system will be flush with liquidity with a possible surge in capital flows through proceeds of external commercial borrowings ...
74% FDI may be allowed in private banks.
Foreign exchange reserves declined $806 million to $128.914 billion for the week ended February 4, 2005 when compared with ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering revising the guidelines on corporate debt restructuring (CDR) to allow foreign ...
ICICI Bank has grown its foreign remittance business by over 60 per cent in the last three months of the financial year.
The Reserve Bank of India and the government are understood to have decided to keep the market stabilisation scheme (MSS) going ...
The reconstituted board of the Aluva-based Federal Bank has decided to keep on hold the proposal to split the post of chairman ...
The government is learnt to be proposing 74 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in asset reconstruction companies (ARCs).
Even as Saraswat Co-operative Bank has evinced interest to merge with other urban co-operative banks, it has not submitted any ...
National Housing Bank (NHB) and housing finance companies have sought permission to raise overseas debt for reducing their cost ...
The government is likely to impose a higher capital adequacy ratio (CAR) on micro financing institutions (MFIs) in the coming ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC) would be raising Rs 2,000 crore in the next two months through bonds to fund ...
Treasury savvy corporates are taking full advantage of fund-starved banks drive to mobilise bulk deposits.
Policyholders of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will get 50 basis points more on the corporation's new investment ...
Sentiment was volatile in the forex market today.The spot rupee, which opened at 43.69 per dollar, slipped to 43.83 per ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) lost close to 10% market share due to cut-throat competition by private players, which has ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed HDFC Bank to raise its capital market exposure to 8 per cent of its outstanding ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today allowed foreign companies to issue their shares under employee stock option plans (ESOP) ...
The way has been paved for a consolidation in close to a dozen co-operative banks of the state with the Reserve Bank of India ...
Andhra Bank has launched a new scheme for the purchase of two or four wheelers exclusively for women called AB Vanitha Vahan.
ICICI Bank has cut costs by 20-30 per cent by basing its technology approach on customer needs and its business strategy.

The Company Law Board (CLB) has recommended a special cell within the registrar of companies (RoC) to redress public grievances ...
Tata Power, Indias largest private sector power player has launched $200 million through foreign currency convertible bonds to ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) expects recovery of Rs 1,200 crore in the next year from the defunct Global Trust Bank (GTB).
After a gap of almost three months, the Reserve Bank of India has intervened in the foreign exchange market for the second ...
Budget offer: invest balance 60% in govt bonds.

Sentiment was choppy in the forex market today.
The spot rupee opened at 43.68 per dollar, and moved up to 43.62 following forex ...
Century Co-operative Bank has written to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Surat district registrar to supersede the board ...
Benjamin Friedman, William Joseph Maier professor of Political economy, Harvard University, today said the Indian monetary policy ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is to raise an overseas loan of $50 million (about Rs 218 crore) next month for its foreign branch ...
Max New York Life is probably the first private life insurance company to have turned profitable in the fourth year of its ...
Allahabad Bank has decided to merge its six regional rural banks (RRBs) in Uttar Pradesh into one entity where it will hold 35 ...
Cabinet not to discuss proposed amendment.
The spot rupee slipped to 43.70 per dollar on buying by PSU banks and greenback rally in the overseas markets ...
State Bank of India (SBI) plans to set up a call centre with over 100 seats in the next fiscal as part of its plans to network ...
BoB to pay 18% interim dividend
Dollar upsurge and the sliding oil prices failed to lift the US market sentiment on Monday.
While the Nasdaq was down five points ...
The treasury departments of banks could well outdo hedge funds in the way they churn their portfolios.
They enter and exit stocks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) to ensure that at all times there is full ...
The Centre is understood to be reviewing the entire gamut of tax benefits on small savings schemes, the plan being to gradually ...
The Indian Banks' Association (IBA) has made a strong pitch before the government for around a seven-time hike in the salary of ...
The Reserve Bank of India today announced a cut-off yield of 7.34 per cent at the auction of the 8.35 per cent 2022 government ...
The Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) could wipe off its entire Rs 500 crore of accumulated losses by September 2005.
Centurion Bank is likely to tap both domestic and foreign markets for raising as much as Rs 600 crore for stregthening its ...
Punjab National Bank has fixed February 11, 2005 as the specified date for ascertaining eligible existing shareholders who shall ...
The US non-farm payroll data, which showed 146,000 new jobs being created as against the expectation of 200,000, is likely to be ...
Prices of government securities are expected to rally this week, albeit the upside is capped by the cut-off yield to be announced ...
A number of banks, including State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur, are expected to float tier-II bonds this week.
The secondary ...
With US non-farm payroll data much below expectations, money market participants are confident that foreign exchange inflows ...
FIIs poured Rs 38,218 cr into the equity markets in 2004.

Under attack from left parties over the proposed banking reform roadmap, the government is expected to come out with stringent ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $291 million during the week ended January 28, 2005 to $1,29.720 billion, according to the ...
The US indices ended with strong gains on the last of the current trading week, with the Dow Jones surging 123 points to 10,716 ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC) has decided to open two more branches in the state next fiscal.

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) opened its 39 branch in India and the second in Gujarat at Vadodara on ...
The merger of the Maratha Mandir Co-operative Bank with Saraswat Co-operative Bank Ltd is expected to kick off the consolidation ...
The bombings in Iraq, the Maoists fighting in Nepal, the strife in the Middle East, al-Qaeda - all of these, it seems, have had ...
The spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 43.51 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a weak note at 43.47 per dollar as ...
Asset Reconstruction Company (India) Ltd (Arcil) has lamented the banks' reluctance to sell their non-performing assets (NPAs) at ...
Putting up a brave face, R N Bhardwaj, chairman of Life insurance of India (LIC) said that private insurance companies have had ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Vijayawada zone, comprising 187 branches in the Krishna, Guntur and West Godavari districts, clocked a ...
Aditya Puri has been awarded best chief executive officer in India by Asia Money magazine.
Heading HDFC Bank as managing ...
The Ministry of Labours decision to examine whether or not to implement the revised investment norms for provident funds managed ...
Saraswat Cooperative Bank Ltd. has submitted proposals to acquire three cooperative banksMaratha Mandir Cooperative Bank, South ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has finalised the acquisition of 51 per cent equity stake in Indian Ocean International Bank Ltd ...
The euphoria over India's foreign currency rating upgrade by Standard and Poor's was factored in the foreign exchange market ...
Standard and Poor's upgrade of India's foreign currency ratings has led to a tightening of the spreads on yields of Indian ...
PH Ravikumar & AM Salim will be considered elected to the Federal Bank's board
.
The sentiment was bullish in the forex market today.
The spot rupee, which touched an intra-day high of 43.30 per dollar, closed ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has finalised an agreement with the principal shareholders of Indian Ocean International Bank (IOIB), ...
Union Bank of India signed a memorandum of understanding for tractor financing with tractor manufacturer Same Deutz-Fahr on an ...
The Gandhi Co-operative Urban Bank Limited, whose deposits rose to Rs 68 crore and advanced loans totalling Rs 49 crore during ...
The government is likely to restrict provident fund (PF) trusts from investing in their parent companies.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) are once again at loggerheads.
The Income tax department has recommended the insertion of a clause for empowering tax authorities to get precedence over banks ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) which have been clamouring for a level playing field would take heart from this piece of information: ...
The Reserve Bank of India today kicked off the consolidation process in the beleaguered cooperative banking sector by releasing ...
S&P rating upgrade bolsters Re.
The spot rupee closed at a new 5-year high of 43.42 per dollar as against the last close of 43.71 per dollar after S&P raised ...
JPMorgan Chase has shown interest in buying a stake in Standard Chartered bank, the Asian Wall Street Journal has reported.

MetLife India, a subsidiary of US-based life insurer MetLife, has launched Met Smart, a unit-linked insurance plan that comes ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said persons who have flouted the Foreign Exchange Management Act (Fema) will be ...
The spot rupee, which touched a high of 43.65 per dollar in early morning deals, finished a notch higher at 43.71 per dollar as ...
Indian Banks' Association (IBA) will meet in a week's time to discuss some new issues raised by employees' unions including the ...
Global Trust Banks current operating losses have been virtually wiped out, said Oriental Bank of Commerce chairman and managing ...
The Reserve Bank of India has proposed an amendment to the Banking Regulation Act (BRA) to allow banks to be members of stock ...
Though the Indian credit insurance market is in a nascent stage, it has huge potential for growth even as exports are on the rise ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce today reported a 15.8 per cent decrease in net profit to Rs 128.15 crore during October-December 2004 ...
Dena Bank announced a 68.10 per cent dip in net profit to Rs 22.92 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2004 against Rs 71.85 ...
State Bank of India, Canara Bank and two other domestic banks are awaiting a nod from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to invest ...
The spot rupee ended on a steady note at 43.7250 per dollar on fresh inflows.Sentiment was bullish in the government ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce reported a 15.81% decline in net profit at Rs 128.15 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today reported a 33.47% increase in net profit at Rs 62.13 crore for the third ...
LIC Housing Finance has reported a 7% decline in its net profit after tax of Rs 42 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
Shanker Dev (name changed), a 57-year old executive of a FMCG company, recently shifted his bank account from a public sector ...
RBI seeks to keep a check on outflows through this measure.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has posted a 77 per cent drop in net profit for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 to Rs 69.50 crore ...
Public offers of at least 11 PSU banks, worth about Rs 9,000-10,000 crore, are slated to flare up the capital market this ...
Forex reserves grew marginally by $51 million to $129.43 billion during the week ended January 21, 2005.
Foreign Currency Assets ...
Bank of Baroda has reported a 77% slump in net profit at Rs 69.50 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 as compared ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has pulled up life insurance companies for failing to be consistent in ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) announced a 19.6 per cent jump in net profit for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004, at Rs ...
The external commercial borrowing (ECB) policy is under review with a new focus on infrastructure financing.
According to banking ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) announced a 21 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 314.27 crore for the quarter ended December 2004 ...
The Tamil Nadu-based Karur Vysya Bank reported a 53.4 per cent decline in net profit to Rs 20.72 crore for the quarter ending ...
IndusInd Bank's today announced a 44.28 per cent dip in its net profit to Rs 42.95 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2004 ...
State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur (SBBJ) has firmed up plans of raising Rs 200 crore of Tier-II capital through subordinated ...
Non-government PFs would have to invest up to 10% of their folios in debt tools or MFs.

The spot rupee, which opened around 43.81 per dollar, firmed up in intra-day deals and closed at 43.72 per dollar on strong rally ...
IDBI has hired human resource consultancy firm Hewitt & Associates for introducing the cost-to-company approach and an ...
IndusInd Bank has reported a 44% decline in net profit at Rs 42.85 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 as against ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has posted a 21% rise in net profit at Rs 314.27 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has posted a 19.56% jump in net profit at Rs 1099.35 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, ...
The spot rupee opened weak on concerns of foreign fund outflows from the stock market and the month-end dollar demand.
The rupee ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has brought down the minimum eligibility criteria of urban cooperative banks (UCBs) wishing to ...
Icra Ltd, which recently signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Turkey's First Turkish Credit Rating Agency (FTCRA) to ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram will meet chiefs of public sector banks (PSBs) today.
This is Chidambaram's second meeting with ...
Commercial banks are not planning to clear the arrears of 7.57 lakh bank employees at one go this year, in a bid to protect their ...
Vijaya Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 55.67 crore for the three months to December 2004, down 49.44 per cent year
on year.

Sentiment was dull in the forex market today.
The spot rupee opened at 43.77 per dollar, and closed a tad lower at 43.80 per ...
Vijaya Bank today reported a 49.44% decline in net profit for the third quarter ended December 2004 at Rs 55.67 crore as against ...
The spot rupee opened firm in early trades against the greenback, and was quoted at 43.7450/7550 a dollar against the Tuesday's ...
One of the building blocks for State Bank of Indias (SBI) overseas acquisitions would be consolidation with its 7 associated ...
Kolkata based UCO bank registered a 58 per cent decline in net profit to Rs 55 crore during the third quarter of the current ...
The Pune-based Bank of Maharashtra (MahaBank) posted a net loss of Rs 57.33 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 ...
ING Vysya Bank, the Bangalore-based private bank, has posted a net profit of Rs 6.37 crore for the quarter ended December 31, ...
Bank of Rajasthan reported a 77 per cent fall in its net profit to Rs 7.02 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2004 from Rs ...
A spurt in non-interest and fee-based income helped the Hyderabad-based Andhra Nank to record a 30.25 per cent rise in net profit ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC) today announced a 29 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 236.05 crore in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to raise the level of contingency reserve (CR) in the wake of rising foreign exchange ...
The overseas arm of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), Life Insurance Corporation International, will launch insurance joint ...
The Government of India (GoI) today acquired Reserve Bank of Indias 15 per cent stake in Infrastructure Development Finance ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is learnt to have instructed banks not to extend fresh loans to state government-owned ...
Banks in Kerala are losing NRI deposits fast, according to K P Padmakumar, former chairman of Federal Bank.

ING Vysya Bank has reported a 73% slump in net profit to Rs 6.37 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 as compared ...
HDFC Bank's green shoe option attached with the sponsored American Depository Shares (ADSs) has been exercised by the underwriter ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has posted a 29% jump in net profit to Rs 236.05 crore for the third quarter ended ...
The rupee opened on a weak note today, shaving most of the the gains posted in the previous session, due to rising oil prices and ...
Lack of a strong overseas presence is perhaps the only weak point for Punjab National Bank (PNB), said K C Chakrabarty, executive ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is awaiting the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) permission to foray into the life insurance business.
On the lines of State Bank of India and Bank of India, another state-run player Bank of Baroda (BoB) is looking at overseas ...
Syndicate Bank, which reported a loss of Rs 78 crore for the third quarter of FY05, has stated it would like to continue its ...
Canara Bank, which aims to implement a core banking solution to coincide with its centenary year that starts in July, will choose ...
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) has entered into a tie-up up with HDFC Bank to offer services namely TMB-h-DD and TMB-h-Collection ...
Syndicate Bank has reported a net loss of Rs 78.11 crore for the third quarter of 2004-05 against a net profit of Rs 89 crore for ...
The Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) reported a 13.5 jump in net profit to Rs 161.21 crore in the third quarter ended ...
Old private sector Federal Bank has posted 66 per cent decline in net profit to Rs 12.01 crore for the quarter ended December 31, ...
Canara Bank has reported a net profit of Rs 274 crore for the three months to December 2004, down 26.5 per cent year on year, ...
Impacted by a drop in treasury income, Kotak Mahindra Bank has posted a lower consolidated net profit of Rs 43.43 crore for the ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is to set up an offshore branch in Singapore, open another branch in Houston (Texas) in the US and ...
The rupee today bounced back smartly against the US currency, helped by strong bunched up dollar supplies even as sporadic ...
Indian Overseas Bank has reported a 13.52% rise in net profit to Rs 161.21 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 as ...
Canara Bank has posted a 26% dip in net profit to Rs 273.98 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 as compared to Rs ...
Following cooling of the global oil prices last week, the spot rupee opened higher in the early trades and was quoted at ...
Lenders close to sign a deal after a meeting on Friday.
Having made a transfer of government securities to protect itself from further interest rate volatility, Union Bank of India ...
Corporation Bank, the Mangalore-based public sector bank, has posted a net profit of Rs 161.69 crore for the three months to ...
With a heavy plunge in profit from sale of investments, Bank of India declared a 67 per cent fall in net profit to Rs 75.03 crore ...
Here is a bit of good news for the savers.
The government is planning to take a closer look into the real interest rate (that is ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $266 million to $129.378 billion for the week ended January 14, 2005, according to the weekly ...
Bank of India (BOI) has posted a 67% fall in net profit to Rs 75.03 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 as ...
Corporation Bank has posted a 43% rise in net profit to Rs 161.69 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 as compared ...
Vedanta Resources, the London Stock Exchange-listed metals and mining group, has raised another $100 million on Thursday, through ...
This was the closing price of its existing ADS on the (NYSE) on Thursday.

IDBI Bank today announced a 53.72 per cent rise in its net profit to Rs 55.8 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2004 against ...
The largest domestic investor, Life Insurance Corporation of India could turn out to the deciding factor for the success of ...
Liability insurance is still a new concept in India, which has tremendous scope for growth, said Milind Kolhe, commercial ...
Having identified human resources (HR) as one of the key factor for growth, Dena Bank has decided to appoint chartered ...
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company, to achieve a four-fold growth with over Rs 3,000 crore premium collection in the next ...
Dena Bank expects to increase its retail lending substantially from the nine per cent, as on September 30, 2004, in order to ...
The Pension Fund Regulatory Development Authority (PFRDA), which is envisaged to be set up in the next 12 months, may allow the ...
The govt will hold a 51.4% stake in the merged entity.
Tribunal shoots down almost all orders of regulator.

The board of IDBI
Bank has approved the merger with IDBI.According to a release issued to the BSE today, IDBI
will issue ...
IDBI Bank today reported a 54% increase in net profit at Rs 55.83 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2004 as against Rs ...
With dollar
gaining globally, the spot rupee slipped to a low of 43.82 per dollar
after a steady opening at 43.74 per dollar.
It ...
The spot rupee opened weak against the dollar as the greenback gained strength in the overseas market.
The rupee was quoted at ...
District central co-operative banks (DCCBs) are seeking changes in certain policies of the government, to enable them compete ...
The board of the Industrial Development Bank of India will meet on Thursday to decide the swap ratio of the merger of IDBI Bank ...
Unsolicited credit cards and unsolicited phone calls from direct sales agents pushing credit card sales could be a thing of the ...
US-based Principal Financial Inc, with assets worth $160 billion around the world, plans to enter the life insurance market by ...
Life insurance player Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited will be increasing its agent count by around 4,400 in the next ...
Hyderabad-based Andhra Bank has picked up a five per cent equity stake in Principal PNB Asset Management Company for Rs 13.25 ...
The spot rupee, which had slipped to 43.76 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a steady note at 43.71 per ...
The board of directors of Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) will meet tomorrow - January 20, 2005 - to consider the ...
Major US indices ended with sharp gains yesterday following the slippage in oil prices after rising above the $49 a barrel in ...
Allahabad Bank has recorded 60 per cent jump in net profit from Rs 98.36 crore in the quarter ended December 2003 to Rs 159.25 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed the Surat-based Century Co-operative Bank Ltd to expedite its recovery process.
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Companys accumulated losses totalled Rs 514.09 crore as on June 30, 2004.
Dena Bank hopes to bring down its net non-performing asset (NAP) to five per cent this year from a level of 9.4 per cent in ...
Punjab National Bank is likely to post a net profit growth of over 23 per cent on year at Rs 320 crore for the October-December ...
The Kolkata based Allahabad Bank is likely to raise Rs 650-700 crore from the market in its second trench of public offering.

Andhra Bank has said that the meeting of the board of directors of the bank, which was originally scheduled to be held on January ...
Andhra Bank on Monday launched a composite credit card for farmers and two insurance schemes for self-help groups (SHGs) and ...
A policyholder will have to shell out 1.2-10.2% additional premium.
UTI-I will be returning money in the next two months.
The spot rupee slipped to 43.72 per dollar as against the last close of 43.68 per dollar on dollar rally in overseas ...
The central government holding in Dena Bank will come down by 19.80% to 51.19% from the current level of 70.99% after the second ...
Allahabad Bank has posted a 61% increase in net profit of Rs 159.2 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2004 as compared to ...
After the overnight appreciation by over about ten paise, the rupee once again opened weak against the dollar on some dollar ...
The Surat District Co-operative Bank Ltd has lined up various measures for further strengthening its position.
Dena Bank executive director M V Nair has said that following the opening of the banks Rs 216 crore public issue on January 24, ...
UTI Bank today announced a 35.11 per cent rise in its net profit for third quarter (October-December) of fiscal year 2004-05 at ...
ICICI Bank today announced 18 per cent jump in it net profit to Rs 518 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004, up ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) preparing to ensure smooth payment of the India Millennium ...
ICICI Bank has maintained its pace of disbursements in the home loan market and continues to lead Housing Development Finance ...
Private sector banks have the potential to attract $16.3 billion of foreign direct investment (FDI) if foreign banks are allowed ...
The Berger Group will pick up an additional 7 per cent stake in the four-way life insurance partnership of the US-based Principal ...
ICICI Bank fears that the requirement of maintaining in India assets equivalent to 75 per cent of its domestic deposits could ...
FIIs hiked their stakes in 24 banks by up to 4% during the quarter.

The proposed capital raising will lead to 20% dilution in shareholding.

Punjab National Bank (PNB) has filed the draft red herring prospectus with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for its ...
The spot rupee moved up 43.68 per dollar as against the last weekend close of 43.77 per dollar on expectations of fresh dollar ...
The board of directors of UTI Bank, which met today, has approved a proposal to raise further capital via GDRs.According ...
UTI Bank has reported a 35% increase in net profit at Rs 101.15 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 when compared ...
ICICI Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 517 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2004 as compared to Rs 440 crore for the ...
The rupee today opened strong against the US dollar after last weekend's weakness and appreciated further during late morning ...
To face competition from foreign banks, public sector banks will have to raise their level of operations to international ...
Canara Bank aimed to raise between Rs 400 crore and Rs 500 crore of tier-II capital preferably before the end of the financial ...
The Surat District Co-operative Bank Ltd has lined up various measures for further strengthening its position.
HDFC Bank is finalising its plans to foray into the medical equipment financing business.
UTI Bank is expected to discuss its overseas capital raising plan at its board meeting on Monday.
The bank has already made a ...
Foreign exchange reserves declined $2.066 billion to $129.112 billion for the week ended January 7, 2005, according to the weekly ...
The Finance Minister P Chidambaram said today that banking reform roadmap allowing foreign banks to pick up to 74% equity in ...
Foreign Exchange Reserves dipped $2.068 billion to $129.112 billion for the week ended January 7 when compared with the ...
Stocks rose sharply yesterday as the US markets ended with sharp gains.
While Dow Jones moved up 52 points to 10,558, the ...
Urban cooperative banks (UCBs) are looking at acquiring sick peers in to expand their footprint.
This consolidation move has been ...
Standard Chartered Bank will pump additional capital into Standard Chartered Investments and Loans (India) (SCILL). Part of the ...
Rush by oil importers to cover future payments for purchasing crude oil led to a flare-up in forward premiums.
The government has not stipulated a minimum stake that it needs to hold in the Industrial Development Bank of India Ltd (IDBI) ...
The state government will sign an MoU with the Asian Development Bank (ADB) for implementing the third stage of infrastructure ...
The spot rupee, which touched a low of 43.86 per dollar in intra-day deals, finished on a weak note at 43.77 per dollar as ...
Government bonds slipped after the release of the weekly inflation data, which showed the price index dipping to 5.78% as against ...
Rising oil prices in the international market and the slowdown of foreign fund inflows into the stock market has weakened the ...
The Kolkata based Magma Leasing Ltd, a leading non-banking finance institution and National Insurance Company today launched ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has called a meeting of commercial banks on January 15 to review the formulation of a regulatory ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will shortly come out with detailed guidelines on the Basel-`II norms that Indian banks have to ...
The spot rupee, which moved up 43.65 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a firm note at 43.72 per dollar as against the last ...
Buoyed by strong gains in the stock market and the dollar's weakness in the overseas market, the spot rupee has upped its gains ...
Re opens strong at 43.71/$
State Bank of Indias October-December net profit is seen up 10 per cent on year at Rs 1,015 crore, according to the average of ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is seeking to raise Rs 800 crore through the public issue of bonds, called ...
RBI Governor Y V Reddy today said it would need to take a view on capping foreign institutional investor (FII) inflows into the ...
The spot rupee, which hit an intra-day high of 43.68 per dollar in early deals, closed on a weak note at 43.83 per dollar on ...
Interest rates on non-resident Indian (NRI) deposits is under review.

Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) may become the first Indian corporate to kick off an external commercial borrowing (ECB) programme ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has sanctioned Rs 1,300 crore towards infrastructure projects in the third quarter (October-December) ...
Employees of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) are likely to get an annual hike in their pay package of Rs ...
The sentiment was bullish in the forex market today.The spot rupee opened at 43.84/86 per dollar, and tracked the dollar ...
The spot rupee made a firm opening as the greenback slided against the Euro and Yen.
The rupee was quoted at 43.8475/8525 per ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) has decided against detariffing motor insurance from April 1, 2005.

Singapore-based DBS Holdings has infused $75 million of capital in the Indian operations of DBS Bank to fund its growth plans.
Centurion Bank today announced a net profit of Rs 7.10 crore for the quarter ended December 31, against a loss of Rs 6.54 crore ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) group is learnt to have worked out a uniform investment policy for its domestic treasury ...
The rupee turned sharply weak against the dollar on the interbank foreign exchange market here today on heavy dollar ...
Punjab National Bank will raise about Rs 3,000 crore through its second public offer and return three crore equity shares to the ...
Ahead of its Rs 1,800 crore public offer, Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) increased its business to Rs 70,000 crore till December ...
The spot rupee took a beating in the opening trades as dollar gains against the major international currencies continues to weigh ...
Competitive pressures and the need to get a grip on expanding business and organisation will make banks in India spend up to Rs ...
HDFC Bank has registered a 31.1 per cent increase in its net profit to Rs 170.93 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2004. ...
Indian banks will be able to access the retail market in Singapore.
As part of efforts to speed up fund transfers, the RBI is working on a system to enable encashment of multi-city cheques within a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will continue to be cautious in giving unlimited access to short term external commercial ...
India's foreign exchange reserves were up by $163 million during the week ended December 31, 2004 taking the total reserves to ...
HDFC Bank has reported a 31% increase in net profit at Rs 170.93 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 when ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $163 million to $131.178 billion for the week ended December 31, 2004 when compared with ...
US indices ended weak on the last day of the trading week, with Dow Jones finishing 19 points lower at 10,604 and Nasdaq closing ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has postponed its second public issue, slated to raise over Rs 1,500 crore, to the first quarter of 2005-06 ...
The Union revenue secretary will be meeting top tax payers of Mumbai zone next week, along with the Central Board of Direct Taxes ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram will meet Ranjana Kumar, the chairperson of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural ...
The government has worked out a novel mechanism to earn a premium on its holdings in public sector banks.

Dena Bank will be hitting the equity markets with its second public issue at a price of Rs 27 per share.
The issue will open on ...
Corporation Bank has raised the interest rates offered on FCNR (B) deposits with effect from January 3.

The return on foreign currency assets and gold after amounting for depreciation decreased to 2.1 per cent in June-July 2003-04 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy today virtually ruled out a rate hike following the footsteps of the US ...
HDFC is offering the cheapest floating interest rate of 7.25% on home loans.

The spot rupee appreciated tracking the dollar depreciation globally   by closing at 43.81/82 per ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank has reporte a % decline in net profit at Rs 73.30 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2004 ...
After closing at a 3-week low yesterday, the spot rupee opened higher at 43.85/86 per dollar against the yesterday's close of ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the government would announce a roadmap for banking sector reforms in the next week.
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), the audit firm implicated in the Global Trust Bank fiasco, is understood to have met the Reserve ...
Finance minister P Chidambaram will meet the top officials of the banking and financial sector in Mumbai tomorrow.
The finance ministry-constituted task force for revival of co-operative credit institutions has said Rs 15,000 crore would be ...
Former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor S S Tarapore today joined the on-going debate on the use of foreign exchange ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will consider merger proposals by public sector banks based on the strength derived by them from ...
The spot rupee declined to 43.95 per dollar as against the last close of 43.85 per dollar due to dollar's sustained rally in ...
The spot rupee which was down 0.7% yesterday, slipped sharply to an early morning low of 43.7250 per dollar today.
However, it ...
State Bank of India and Standard Chartered Bank have contested the demand raised by the Income Tax Department about the recovery ...
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) has sought a transparent debate on the issue of mega mergers in public sector banks.
Bank of Baroda (BoB), which held around two per cent stake in Dena Bank, has divested its entire stake in it in the last few ...
The top management of the specified undertaking of the Unit Trust of India (UTI-I) is not in favour of UTI Bank going in for an ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to have imposed a $1.75 billion ceiling on foreign institutional investors investment ...
Insurance companies in the country are facing a piquant situation today.
Even as they terminate the services of agents who ...
The rupee closed today at 43.84 per dollar, its lowest since December 27, 2004, and sharply down from yesterdays close of ...
International rating agency Standard & Poors (S&P) in its latest research report China, India, and the Fate of ...
SBI Life is targeting Rs 600 crore premium income this financial year
compared with Rs 225 crore last year.
It is also planning ...
Bank of India (BoI) has emerged as the second Indian bank, after State Bank of India, to look overseas for acquisitions.

Proposal likely to feature in the Budget for 2006.
Government bonds today tumbled across the board on renewed hectic selling after sentiments turned distinctly weak due to a ...
SBI Life Insurance today hiked its paid-up capital to Rs 250 crore from Rs 175 crore and foreign equity in the company may go up ...
Bank of India (BoI) is looking to acquire a small bank in Indonesia and expects to open branches in Antwerp (Belgium) and Shenzen ...
The spot rupee slipped nearly 25 paise to 43.79 per dollar as against the last close of 43.54 per dollar after dollar firmed up ...
The board of directors of Dena Bank will meet on January 7, 2005 to consider and adopt the final prospectus to be filed with Sebi ...
SBI Life Insurance Company aims to be the second life insurance player after Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) in the ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) now intends becoming the leader in micro-financing by credit linking one lakh self help groups ...
Bank of India (BoI) has entered in a collaboration with ACIL-Navasarjan Rural Development Foundation (ANARDE), a non-government ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) expects to post a credit growth of 19 per cent for the current fiscal ending March 2005.
Due to the ...
Allahabad Banks board is scheduled to meet in the next fortnight to initiate the process of consolidation by the beginning of ...
Banks go after defaulters with warrants.
The spot rupee slipped to 43.54 per dollar as against the previous close of 43.48 per dollar after dollar firmed up in overseas ...
SBI Life Insurance Company, the joint venture of SBI and Cardiff, is looking at equity infusion of over Rs 500 crore over the ...
Shonkh Technologies International today said its dealings with the erstwhile Global Trust Bank (GTB) did not invlolve any ...
The spot rupee displayed volatility in the early trading session.
After opening lower at 43.52/53 per dollar against the ...
Citigroup Venture Capital International (CVC International), a business unit of banking giant Citigroup, will invest in Caritor, ...
The specified undertaking of the Unit Trust of India (UTI-I), the principal promoter of UTI Bank, has formed a special team to ...
Andhra Bank today said that it has raised subordinated debt bonds worth Rs 200 crore for a period of 111 months at a coupon rate ...
The Visakhapatnam Co-operative Bank Limited, one of the leading urban co-operative banks in the state, in an innovative scheme is ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is looking at recruiting close to one lakh insurance agents across the country in the ...
Yes Bank has engaged Triton Communications and Alok Nanda & Co for developing its advertising campaign.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is preparing itself for an ISO certification for its currency management system and has decided ...
Oriental bank of Commerce (OBC) hopes to wipe out the losses accruing to it on account of the takeover of Global Trust Bank by ...
The spot rupee, which dipped to a low of 43.65 per dollar in intra-day deals, bounced back to close at 43.48 per dollar on steady ...
The Company Law Board (CLB), Chennai, today posted for February 3 the final hearing on the petition filed by ICICI Bank to cancel ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has filed criminal complaints with the CBI against several companies for allegedly defrauding the ...
The spot rupee slipped in the early deals following strong dollar in the overseas markets.
It was quoted at 43.60/61 per dollar ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed reservations about the finance ministry's proposal to liberalise the investment ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDA) has said that temporary accredited agents' training institutes ...
As many as eight public sector banks, including SBI, have failed to meet the March 2004 deadline for earmarking 5% of their net ...
Forex exchange reserves increased by $394 million to $131.015 billion for the week ended December 24 as against the previous ...
US indices failed to register gains on the last day of the calendar year 2004, with Dow Jones slipping 17 points to 10,783 and ...
Federal Bank has launched a telephone bill payment system through landlines, Fed e-pay, for the first time in the country here on ...
New generation private sector banks led by ICICI Bank and UTI Bank and mortgage major Housing Development Finance Corporation and ...
Investors searching for infrastructure bonds to save on taxes during the current financial year can heave a sigh of relief.
In ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has permitted transfer of and trading in power bonds maturing on October 1, 2008 and April 1, ...
The spot rupee firmed up to 43.47 per dollar as against the last close of 43.73 per dollar on hopes of more foreign inflows next ...
The balance of payment (BoP) slipped into negative zone - for the first time in 15 quarters - in the July-September quarter to ...
Government bonds rose a notch on thin volumes after the release of the inflation data, which showed a decline to 6.50% for the ...
Dollar selling by the foreign banks in early trades saw the spot rupee open firm at 43.6250/6350 a dollar as against the ...
A death and a rebirth.
This sums up the year for the banking sector.
Seeds were also sown for a few mergers that will see the ...
Dena Bank, which is set to hit the capital market with its second public issue to raise additional capital of over Rs 80 crore in ...
Swiss Reinsurance Co expects to receive claims of less than 100 million francs (about $88 million) from the tsunami disaster in ...
There has been a sudden surge in the trading volume of treasury bills.
The daily volume has gone up to as much as Rs 800 crore ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the promoters of UTI Bank, is undecided on whether to support the banks forthcoming ...
Interest rate movement saw an upward bias in 2004 as yield on the benchmark 10-year paper rose by 131 basis points during the ...
The agriculture ministry is formulating a new cattle insurance scheme to be implemented in the current Plan itself.
The Union Bank of India has contributed Rs 2 crore to the Prime Ministers Relief Fund for relief work in the tsunami-affected ...
The spot rupee slipped a notch lower to 43.7350 per dollar as against yesterday's close of 43.72 per dollar on corporate demand ...
Credit Analysis and Research (CARE) has downgraded the rating assigned to tier-II bond issues of Rs 55 crore and Rs 79.70 crore ...
Banks covering short dollar positions weighed on the spot rupee in early trades, as the rupee opened weak at 43.75/7450 per ...
The tsunami has cost general insurers in the city about Rs 8.7 crore till now.
However, a complete picture will emerge only after ...
The Insurance Development Regulatory Authority (Irda) has clarified that it has not prohibited outsourcing of custodial services. ...
The Reserve Bank of india will keep a close watch on the equity market which is in the grip of a bull run.
The move followed the ...
The spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 43.80 per dollar in early deals, bounced back to close on a steady note at 43.72 per ...
The spot rupee slided in the opening trades, weighed down by the strong greenback against the major international currencies.
The ...
Finance ministry to approach the Cabinet for permission to amend the law.
ABN Amro Bank, Citibank, Barclays Bank hire relationship managers.
RBI hikes margin to 50% on overheating fears.
Centurion Bank, the new generation private sector bank, is planning to tap the market to raise capital to support its growth ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) cleared a proposal for a public offer of 50 million shares at a premium.
The bank plans to hit ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Punjab National Bank (PNB) are the two possible contenders likely to take over Allahabad Bank, according ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is increasing its exposure to banks.

Hyderabad-based Rs 300-crore Kamineni Hospitals Group (KHG), in association with the National Insurance Corporation (NIC), is all ...
Despite the holiday season, government securities rallied on Monday, albeit for odd reasons.
Prices of long-tenure papers moved ...
The spot rupee moved up to 43.72 per dollar as against Monday's close of 43.86 per dollar on dollar weakness in overseas markets ...
SBI chairman A K Purwar today said the group has posted about 25% growth in credit demand till date, and its lending rates ...
ICICI Bank is likely to disburse Rs 7,000 crore as agricultural lending in 2004-05 as against Rs 4,000 crore in the last fiscal. ...
The board of directors of Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), which met today, has approved a proposal to raise fresh capital by ...
The board of directors of Centurion Bank will meet on January 10, 2005 to consider a proposal to raise additional equity capital ...
Backed by sliding oil prices and the greenbacks continued weakness against the major international currencies, the spot rupee ...
Allahabad Bank has decided to go for the book-building route for its second public offering, which was recently cleared by the ...
Urban cooperative banks (UCBs) of south Gujarat have sought a waiver of penalty imposed by the Reserve Bank for their failure to ...
State Bank of Mysore has announced that it will augment its tier II capital by issue of unsecured non-convertible transferable ...
Vijaya Bank expects to open 1,000 branches by the end of the current financial year.
The bank is also targeting total business of ...
Bimalendu Chakraborty, general manager on special duty, designated to take over as the chairman and managing director of National ...
Bank of Punjab board is expected to meet in mid-January to evaluate various options for raising capital.

The credit delivery mechanism for agricultural credit is up for a revamp.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today activated its standing relief package for implementation in the tsunami-affected region ...
Insurance companies estimate huge loss on account of cover extended to socially disadvantaged people killed in the calamity.
The spot rupee slipped to 45.86 per dollar
as against the last close of 45.80 per dollar.Government bonds were steady ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today activated its relief package for states affected by Tsunami.According to a release ...
The spot rupee opened weak amid concerns of killer tsunamis which struck south and south-east asia.
It was quoted at 43.84/86 per ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is working out standardised guidelines for merger of public sector banks (PSBs).
The Centre is understood to be planning an inflation-linked savings scheme for senior citizens as part of its common minimum ...
UTI-I may approve proposed issue.
Public sector banks seem to have taken a cue from the government's positive signals on consolidation.

The State Bank of India (SBI) will finish the business process reengineering (BPR) exercise by September 2005 with the help of ...
Foreign exchange reserves increased $915 million to $130.621 billion for the week ended December 17, 2004 when compared with ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank is planning to tap the markets sometime in June-July while exploring options of including a strategic ...
The 82nd annual general meeting (AGM) of the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) commenced amid stormy, noisy proceedings with the ...
It was in late 1950s, India faced its first foreign exchange crisis.
A string of stringent controls followed.

ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank in the country, will shortly commence banking operations from the US and Russia, ...
Public sector Dena Bank has tied up with Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Chennai to install automatic teller machine (ATM) ...
Eight crore shares of Rs 10 each to be issued in the banks second public float.
ESOP financing gets doubled from the earlier Rs 10 lakh limit.
RBI cracks the whip on banks for issuing credit cards recklessly.

The spot rupee slipped to 43.80 per dollar as against the last close of 43.77 per dollar on buying by PSU banks.Even as ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank is planning to tap the market sometime in June-July 2005 while exploring options of inducting a ...
Government bond prices rallied after the release of inflation data, but gains were curbed on profit-taking.The yield on ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) plans to divest a 14.75 per cent stake in the bank through a preferential allotment of equity shares to ...
IndusInd Bank is planning to enter into a strategic alliances with a Europe-based bank to widen the product suite offered to its ...
Oil companies were seen buying forward dollars on a continued basis with every appreciation of rupee to cut down on the ...
IDBI bank is targeting additional Rs.1000 crore worth of home loans by March 2005 and in six months it plans to add vehicle loans ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias Report on Currency and Finance for 2003-04 has made a strong pitch for independence of a central ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias Report on Currency and Finance for 2003-04 has advised market participants to hedge their exposures ...
The Reserve Bank of India report on Currency and Finance (2004-05) said the worst is over on the inflation front.

The Reserve Bank of Indias Report on Currency and Finance reiterated the growth forecast of 6-6.5 per cent on the back of robust ...
Banks' investments in government securities well above the stipulated 25%.
A senior official of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said here on Wednesday that the apex bank would extend all possible steps to ...
Stamp vendors in Gujarat have decided to step up their agitation against the governments plan to sell stamp and stamp papers ...
Ketan Parekh offers to pay Rs 50cr by May '05 in 5 installments.
Andhra Bank, over the last 82 years, has evolved from a state level bank to a bank that is now recognised across the country. ...
Syndicate Bank will up its focus on group schemes as they promise incremental growth, besides customer stickiness.
Government bonds rallied on moderate inflation outlook by RBI in its currency and finance report released today.The ...
Overall GDP growth for 2004-05 is expected to be 6-6.5% taking into account risks of high and uncertain oil prices and changes in ...
KPMG and Khimji are carrying out the due diligence for the merger of IDBI and IDBI Bank, and they are likely to submit their ...
IndusInd Bank is planning to forge a strategic alliance with overseas banking entities with option for equity stake in joint ...
The spot rupee has gained strength in the opening trades on the back of strong FII inflows and the dollar weakness overseas.
It ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance, the second largest private life insurance company in the country, which had a premium income of Rs 462 ...
Asian Development Bank (ADB) has approved a loan of $400 million to upgrade and increase the 566-kilometre stretch along the ...
Bank of India aims to bring 1,200 of its branches under the core banking solution fold by March 2005.
The bank also sees 20 per ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has highlighted the need for special attention to control structures of corporates.
The co-operatives in the country are governed by a number of laws but when it comes to compliance, the situation has been lax. ...
A host of public sector banks (PSBs) including Bank of India, Andhra Bank, State Bank of Travancore, Indian Bank and Indian ...
Reverses decision to split CMD's post, extends PJ Nayak's term.
State Bank of India (SBI) has transferred 37% of its stake in SBI Mutual Fund to French financial major Societe Generale Asset ...
After closing higher for three successive trading sessions, the spot rupee eased today to end lower at 43.8350/8450 per dollar ...
The board of directors of UTI Bank today reversed its decision to split the post of chairman and managing director ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank is planning to enter the credit cards business to enhance its portfolio of services, vice-chairman and ...
A highly volatile foreign exchange market  a rather unusual sight in December  has not only taken a toll on the nerves of the ...
ICICI Bank UK Ltd, the London-based subsidiary of ICICI Bank, is raising $75 million through a three-year syndicated loan.
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is vigorously pursuing its strategy of increasing the share of non-project finance in ...
The Rs 500 crore SME growth fund of Sidbi Venture Capital has received written commitments from various banks to the tune of Rs ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce is planning a second public issue to raise its equity share capital.
Kolkata-based broker Chandra Vadan Desai has picked up over five per cent stake in GIC Housing Finance Company.

UTI Bank is believed to have mooted to its parent UTI-I a proposal of bringing in all UTI outfits under the umbrella of a holding ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is understood to have sought clarifications from the finance ministry as well ...
Surendranagar-based Surendranagar Mercantile Co-operative Bank Ltd (Sumco Bank) has become the first co-operative bank in Gujarat ...
Co-operative banks of Surat have sought changes in certain norms and policies of the Reserve Bank of India, which they believe ...
The managing director of the beleaguered Charotar Nagarik Sahakari Bank and former BJP member of Parliament Deepak Patel will ...
The spot rupee continued with its upward trend for the second straight session and peaked up to a high of 43.76/$ during the ...
The Punjab National Bank (PNB) is ready to tap the market for the second time to raise more capital and is waiting for ...
The Chola Mutual Fund plans to raise Rs 75 crore from the initial public offer (IPO) of Chola Multi-cap Fund, an open-ended fund ...
The spot rupee firmed up to 43.86 per dollar as against the last close of 43.93 per dollar on weakness in dollar in the overseas ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a show cause notice to the Surat-based Royale Co-operative Bank, asking it why its ...
The Industrial Development Bank of Indias (IDBI) has raised $250 million through its overseas bond offering at a cost of 5.19 ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has kept in abeyance the opening of 100 new branches, which were planned after it ...
The finance ministry and the law ministry are examining a proposal to increase the pensions of public sector bank chairmen and ...
The spat among UTI Bank board members started three months ago on the issue of inducting an LIC nominee.
The bank board protested ...
UTI Bank board meets on Wednesday.
HSBC is planning to penetrate medium and high networth individual segment in eastern region in order to give big push to its ...
Hyderabad-based Andhra Bank is mulling an increase in its home loan rates next month by about 25 basis points.
The bank has also ...
The countrys foreign exchange reserves for the week ended December 10 slipped by over a billion dollars to $129.69 billion, ...
K V Kamath, managing director & CEO, ICICI Bank, and chairman of the Confederation of Indian Industrys corporate governance ...
M Damodaran, chairman and managing director of UTI Mutual Fund and the administrator of UTI-I, resigned from both entities today. ...
Taking a cue from the State Bank of India, Corporation Bank is set to merge its wholly owned subsidiary, Corporation Bank Homes ...
The Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Ltd signed a pact with India Switch Company (ISC), a leading electronic funds transfer (EFT) ...
Prices of private sector bank shares have shot up significantly of late in anticipation that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram said the government wanted banks to increase lending to farmers since non-performing assets were ...
Ahmedabad-based Gruh Finance Ltd is likely to review its home loan rates in the January and the hike in rates is expected to be ...
HDFC Bank Ltd plans to open more than 80 branches across the country in the next financial year.

The Surat-based Prime Co-operative Bank has evinced interest in taking over two ailing co-operative banks in the state.
These ...
ING Vysya Banks board approved on Wednesday a 3:1 rights issue (three equity shares for each share held). Factoring in the Rs 35 ...
While Morgan Stanley today said that the management change at UTI Bank could put pressure on earnings estimates, other brokerages ...
The Reserve Bank of India governor Y V Reddys remarks on the sidelines of a central board meeting in Kolkata to the effect that ...
Corporation Bank has announced a 0.25 per cent interest rate increase for term deposits between Rs 15 lakh and Rs one crore.

Dewan Housing Finance is in talks with banks to take over their home loan portfolios.
This will help the housing finance company ...
IDBI Bank has gained from State Bank of Indias (SBI) inability to flawlessly service Coal Mines Provident Funds (CMPF) pension ...
Nayak refused to accept MD's post; term expires on December 30.
CEOs of public sector banks are set to get a longer stint at the top.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today called a meeting of ...
Deutsche Bank AG and Reliance Industries Ltd signed a $116.2 million financing deal in Frankfurt which will be used to refinance ...
The government has put on hold Standard Chartered Investments and Loans (India) Ltds (SCILL) plans to acquire a 25 per cent ...
Yes Bank, a new entrant in Indias banking sector, has entered into a seven-year agreement with Wipro Infotech for its entire IT ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has embarked on a drive to recover as much as possible its bad loans which have been ...
HDFC Bank is against the idea of consolidation in the banking industry.
It feels such an exercise would adversely affect ...
Hyderabad-based Bharat Mercantile Co-operative Urban Bank Limited expects to restart its operations from March 2005.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended state level committees to resolve the problems of co-operative banks.
The daily recurring agents of the city-based Royale Co-operative Bank Ltd have threatened to launch an agitation, if the bank ...
The co-operative banking fraternity in the state has welcomed the Centres plan to introduce a Bill to legitimise the licences ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) would add over 1,500 automated teller machines (ATMs) by the end of 2007.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is eyeing to take over a bank with a stronger network and presence in eastern and southern India.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), Visakhapatnam division, has decided to take up a mega housing project for its ...
Andhra Bank is all set to open 50 more branches across the country by the end of the current fiscal.

There is a need for consolidation in the banking industry, said K Cherian Varghese, the newly appointed chairman & managing ...
The insurance regulator has clamped down on brokers and has come out with the minimum standards to be followed by the insurance ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to change its campus recruitment turf from the Indian Institute of Managements (IIMs) ...
The board of directors of ICICI Bank today approved an issue of American Depository Shares (ADS), capping the issue size at 6 per ...
Infotech venture also ready to take off.
The residential and office premises of the chairman of Yavatmal District Central Cooperative Bank and eight others including the ...
Yogesh Agarwal, deputy managing director (DMD) and chief financial officer of State Bank of India (SBI), is expected to head ...
Banks and financial entities are under pressure to take directors and officers (D&O) cover to limit the personal liability of ...
A senior executive of a large corporate deposited a $4,000 cheque in his account with a new generation private sector bank in ...
In the intensely competitive cash management services market, State Bank of India (SBI) is planning to unleash a price war by ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce chairman and managing director B D Narang expects the banks net profit for 2004-05 to be lower on ...
HDFC Bank has admitted that there could be a conflict of interest with its principal shareholder the Housing Development Finance ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is on the look out for acquiring a small bank in the US.
At present, it is conducting due-diligence ...
Dutch banking major ABN Amro Bank NV finds the Indian retail finance market the fastest growing revenue earner worldwide.
Shareholders of Tata AIG Life Insurance Company will infuse $200 million as capital over the next three years.
This will take the ...
Finance minister P Chidambarams assurance that foreign banks will be allowed to pick up 10 per cent stake a year in Indian ...
HDFC Bank launched an international gold debit card
offering cash back of Re 1 for every Rs 100 spent on the card.
This offering ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India Ltd (IDBI) is planning to rationalise its real estate assets as a precursor to the ...
Though seven co-operative banks have collapsed in the city in the last two years, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) report indicates ...
Close on the heels of detecting five bogus interest warrants, the Surat Bankers Clearing House (SBCH) has detected another forged ...
Bangalore-based ING Vysya Insurance on Thursday announced its foray into unit linked insurance.
The companys offerings till now ...
The Prudential Co-operative Urban Banks liquidator, who has been appointed by the State Registrar of Co-operative Societies ...
Fixed-rate coupons for long-term money.
The government is likely to appoint Indian Overseas Bank CMD SC Gupta the new PNB chief and Dena Bank head AK Khandelwal the CMD ...
The New York-based Bank One, a part of JPMorgan Chase that was created this year as a merger between JPMorgan Chase & Co and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a show-cause notice to the crisis-hit Shree Vitrag Co-operative Bank Ltd.
The officials of the Metro Co-operative Bank, one of the four co-operative banks in Surat which collapsed between September and ...
Commercial and regional rural banks (RRBs) of the country have performed well in rural credit, but co-operative banks have not ...
HDFC has floated a distribution subsidiary  Home Loan Services India Limited (HLSI). A wholly-owned subsidiary, HLSI, will ...
ICICI Bank expects its retail portfolio to cross the Rs 50,000-crore mark and touch Rs 50,138 crore by the end of March 31, 2005 ...
State Bank of India (SBI), Visakhapatnam zone, is expecting more than 80 per cent growth in net profits, which is likely to touch ...
Wage negotiations at the countrys largest financial institution, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), will commence on ...
Rising interest rates on home loans will see a fall in the issuance of securitised debt paper, popularly known as mortgage-back ...
The government today approved the appointment of R N Bhardwaj as chairman of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC). It ...
The government has mandated the State Bank of India (SBI), Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), IDBI and ICICI Bank to issue ...
FIIs invest Rs 6,250 cr in 6 trading days of December.
Refuting charges that the US banking sector is not as open as in India, John B Taylor, under-secretary of international affairs, ...
The income tax (I-T) department is once again facing a major roadblock in its recovery proceedings to meet the steep collections ...
Bank of Baroda Employees Associations today announced a two-day strike on December 23 and 24 at branches here in protest against ...
The city-based Panchsheel Co-operative Bank Ltd has taken over the possession of Vinu Tex, a textile unit owned by C R Patil, on ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked the city-based Metro Co-operative Bank, which is facing a liquidity crunch, to submit ...
Abhishek Bhatia, the head of marketing at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, is moving to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
He will head ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering the possibility of covering partnership and proprietorship firms under the small ...
The relentless rise in the rupee has made external commercial borrowings (ECB) a very attractive proposition to India Inc.
Not ...
Importers rushed to buy forward dollars and that too for a longer maturities so that they are not caught on the wrong foot like ...
There is no end to the woes of C R Patil.
Patil, owner of Vinu Tex, a 100 per cent export oriented unit (EOU) in Sachin GIDC on ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) are likely to be allowed to invest up to $1 billion in the security receipts of distressed ...
ING Vysya Bank is planning to raise funds through rights issue.
The bank board will meet on December 15 to consider various ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has bought Rs 3,000 crore worth of government securities to build up its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to introduce an image based cheque clearing system in the national capital region (NCR) by ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) hinted at a hike in lending rates ahead, but ruled out any increase in the deposit rate.
State Bank ...
India has become the third country in the world, after United States of America (USA) and Japan, to have a special co-branded ...
Beleaguered co-operative banks in Surat received another jolt when five bogus warrants were found deposited with two co-op banks ...
BNP Paribas is planning to pick up stake in an old private sector bank to re-enter the retail banking space.

Abhyudaya Co-operative Bank
Ltd is likely to take over the distressed Maratha Mandir Co-operative Bank.
Abhyudaya Co-operative ...
If there is a slow down in the housing sector due to higher interest rates, SBI Life Insurance thinks its housing insurance ...
Deepak Parekh, the chairman of HDFC, today warned that any further rise in rates will put pressure on the interest to income ...
The rupee is seen gaining fresh ground against the dollar on continuing foreign exchange inflows and a weakening greenback ...
UTI Mutual Fund (UTI MF) today announced an alliance with Andhra Bank wherein the bank will distribute its products at selected ...
IDBI Bank today announced that it would provide the option of bundling life insurance cover to consumers alongside home loans, ...
IDBI Ltd will raise $ 200-250 million from the overseas bond market in the third week of December.
It has received the Reserve ...
The rise in spending power in India, Asias third largest economy, has resulted in the proliferation of card variants.
Remittance ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) Ltd will see an outgo of about Rs 75 crore with 425 of its 2,800 employees having ...
Corporation Bank has increased the interest rates offered on NRE deposits with effect from December 1.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) announced a $500 million cap on foreign institutional investors (FIIs) ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said the government would come out with a comprehensive amendment to the Banking Regulation ...
The central zone of Bank of Baroda (BoB), which covers five districts including Anand and Vadodara, expects to close the current ...
Dena Bank has set a price band of Rs 23-27 per share for its proposed second public issue.
The bank will issue
80 million shares ...
The central government has bought a months time to decide who will head the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC). The ...
The spot rupee today breached the psychological level of 44.50 per dollar to touch 44.44/45, a rise of 19 paise from Tuesdays ...
Deutsche Bank has cornered 65 to 70 per cent of the custodial business flowing from private life insurance companies in India.
The government today cancelled the scheduled Rs 8,000 crore government securities auction for December.
This is the second ...
The famed BPL brand, which was once valued at Rs 650 crore, is now under the exclusive charge of ICICI Bank.
The brand, with ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today introduced an amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha to empower the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
To bring all retail finance businesses under an umbrella brand.

The Indian backoffice operations of ABN Amro have become an insourcing hub for global banks such as Barclays, Allied Irish Bank, ...
HDFC Bank has appointed four lead managers for its American depositary shares (ADS) aggregating $300 million.
The overseas issue ...
Infrastructure funding is getting a leg-up due to credit enhancements achieved through institutional guarantees.
Sanjay Gupta, general manager, marketing, at a Mumbai-based maritime company, had been toying with the idea of buying a home for ...
The Reserve Bank of India has directed banks to formulate a proper policy framework on Know Your Customer and anti-money ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to make operational its national electronic funds transfer (NEFT) system in the next two ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd is changing its strategy with a new man at the top.
In tune with the rising yields in the government securities market, Bank of India and Vijaya Bank have raised deposit rates for ...
Aims at Rs 1,000cr home loan portfolio in 1st yr; to also offer personal loans.

Software companies seem to benefit the economy in ways more than one.
One of the indirect benefits have been in bringing more ...
General manager of Syndicate Bank, Manipal, B Pramod on Monday said that the 10 regional rural banks (RRBs) sponsored by the ...
Syndicate Bank has revised upwards interest rate on domestic term deposits by 25 to 50 basis points.
Strict riders from the RBI on entry of state cooperative banks (SCBs) and district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) into the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today expressed concerns on the declining capital adequacy levels among urban co-operative banks ...
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company on Monday launched an insurance scheme which will cover loses owing to wedding ...
Bad loans account for 2.5 per cent of banks total retail loan portfolio.
Among retail loans, consumer durable loans have the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will extend capital adequacy and exposure norms on a group basis for banks having controlling ...
Canara Bank has issued a notice to attach the properties of Kunvar Ajay Foods Private Ltd owing to the companys failure to repay ...
In yet another blow to the co-operative banking sector of Surat, the state government on Monday appointed Surat district ...
Debt recovery tribunals (DRTs) and the Sarfaesi Act have not proved to be the panacea for banks bad loans.
DRTs have helped ...
Vijaya Bank has revised the rate of interest on domestic term deposits and home loans with effect from Monday.
Taking into ...
Private equity major Warburg Pincus International LLC will pick up a 2.75 per cent stake in Kotak Mahindra Bank at Rs 230 per ...
Of the four-fold increase in bank advances, over two-thirds of the total bank credit during April-August 2004 went to retail ...
ICFAI University has launched e-learning initiatives in distance learning mode using CD-ROMs, e-textbooks, e-lectures, lecture ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank has devised a consolidation strategy that involves growth by way of acquisitions and also a public ...
Banks which have not raised their deposit rates so far are feeling the heat now as the countrys largest commercial bank State ...
Officers unions in Bank of India (BoI) and Union Bank of India (UBI) will go on strike the moment the government confirms its ...
New rates to be effective from Monday.

The committees set up by the state government to curb the defaulters of co-operative banks have asked the banks to provide the ...
A humanistic banking approach replacing the current mechanical/geometric work focus will tickle the customers sensitivity and ...
Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) of all public and private sector banks in the country will be brought under the National ...
Nearly three years since the Home Trade scam broke out, most of the co-operative banks that had invested in the brokerage firm ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)s Visakhapatnam zone, which comprises three coastal districts from Srikakulam to ...
The AMP-Sanmar insurance company aims at a 30 per cent growth per annum through its new schemes, said managing director Graham ...
Non-banking financial corporations (NBFC) want the Reserve Bank of India to offer them an alternate funding source, along the ...
The present Bank of India chairman and managing director M Venugopal has been shortlisted by the Federal Bank board as a ...
Tata AIG plans to expand its corporate pension business to Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bangalore and Chennai.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has detected gross violation of norms by banks when writing off bad loans.
In its report to the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy today said the liquidity management in recent days has proved to be effective. ...
An account holder of the Metro Co-operative Bank Ltd has filed a complaint of fraud against the bank chairman Kamalkishore ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) is witnessing a revival in refinance demand as liquidity in the system has started to dry up.

Home loans rates may have gone up, but banks seem to be in no hurry to hoist their benchmark prime lending rates (PLRs).
There has been a strong revival of interest by global insurance majors to set up life insurance venture in India.
AXA, Mitsubishi ...
HDFC Bank will come out with a $300 million American depository receipt (ADR) issue by mid-January, 2005.

Indian Overseas Bank (IOB)'s Visakhapatnam zone has registered a 121 per cent growth in net profits in the first half of the ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance will open four more branches in south India, increasing its presence to 12 branches in the four southern ...
Private sector bank UTI Bank is set to enhance its banking network in Gujarat by the end of the current financial year.
Rabo India Finance has concluded a Rs 40 crore medium term debt restructuring exercise for Ugar Sugar Works Ltd (USWL), the ...
The government is considering the option of diluting its stake in state-owned banks through public offers, a senior finance ...
UTI Bank, one of the fastest growing private sector bank in the country, is all set to foray into the domain of international ...
At reverse repo auction, some banks parked Rs 1,015 crore with RBI at 4.75%.
Officers to get an increase of Rs 3,625/mth, clerk will get an additional Rs 2,225/mth.
The clearing activity was disrupted in Surat on Monday as the Surat Bankers Clearing House (SBCH) remained closed due to the ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India has launched two new products  Jeevan Anurag and Jeevan Nidhi.
Jeevan Anurag is designed to ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development has sanctioned refinance of Rs 1,122 crore for the crop loan to Tamil Nadu ...
National Housing Bank (NHB), the housing finance regulator, has finally cleared the way for the closure of ailing SBI Home ...
Yes Bank, the new bank promoted by Rana Kapoor, is ready to raise capital, either through an initial public offering (IPO) or ...
The Thrissur-based Catholic Syrian Bank (CSB) is planning to float a rights issue of around Rs 80 crore early next year.
Move aimed to arrest the appreciation in the rupee.
The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (HSBC), in partnership with the Centre for British Teachers (CfBT), has ...
One of the oldest co-operative bank in the state, Shri Swaminarayan Co-operative Bank is on the brink of liquidation.
Floating rate home loans from Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) are dearer effective Monday, following a hike of 50 ...
Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) and ICICI Bank have joined hands to launch the Go Mumbai smart card for bus commuters of ...
Higher provision for depreciation on investment at United Bank of India (UBI) led to a 34 per cent dip in net profit to Rs 156 ...
Lord Krishna Bank and Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) plan to come out with preferential allotment of equity shares.
Allahabad Bank has decided to go for overseas listing following its Rs 100 crore-second public issue, which is set to hit the ...
Ispat Industries has reached an agreement with its bond holders to retire its $122.16 million euro convertible bonds at a 75 per ...
The 25th four-day national conference of the All India Bank Employees Association (AIEBA) will be held in the city from November ...
The south central zone of LIC, which comprises of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, has sold about 15.4 lakh new policies up to ...
Leaves fixed rate loans untouched.

Stung by the liquidity squeeze in the call money market, banks are turning to the Clearing Corporation of India's collateralised ...
The opening bell at the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) -- and 9 other bourses globally -- tolled on Thursday morning not to ...
The SBI Officers Association and SBI Staff Association has declared a country-wide strike at State Bank of India on December 6 ...
Foreign banks  Citibank and ABN Amro  today said that interest rates on home loans are set to rise.
Interest rates on home ...
Removal of insurance product tariffs will bring to halt 5 per cent direct discounts offered by insurers to corporate clients.
World Banks Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA) today announced a partnership with Export-Import Bank of India and ...
The Union finance ministry has given the go-ahead for a Rs 2,000 crore national exports insurance fund (NEIF) that would help ...
ICICI Bank became the first bank to hike its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) on Monday, raising it by 50 basis points from 10 ...
State Bank of Indias (SBI) $1 billion medium-term notes will be listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange.
The bank informed the ...
The government favours setting up of a national equity fund to help co-operatives raise resources, Agriculture Minister Sharad ...
Life insurance companies are moving away from investment in government securities and are increasing their exposure to equity and ...
National Insurance Company has overtaken New India Assurance Company to emerge as the numero uno in the general insurance sector ...
Bank of Maharashtra will raise Rs 150 crore from the bond market by March end to step up credit to agriculture and infrastructure ...
Anger and confusion marked the 29th annual general body meeting (AGM) of the ailing Nagpur Mahila Nagarik Sahkari Bank Ltd here, ...
Ranked only behind Maharashtra in the spread of co-operative banking in the country, Gujarats co-operative banking sector has ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has announced revised interest rates on domestic term deposits with effect from November 16, 2004. ...
Public sector insurance behemoth Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has lost a six per cent marketshare to its private ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is learnt to have recommended the setting up of an independent financial intelligence unit (FIU) ...
The Basel-II norms to strengthen financial health of banks provide more opportunities for improving risk culture than they pose ...
Business activities in Gujarat may face a severe beating during this Diwali.

It's buyback time in the corporate bonds market.
A slew of Indian private and public sector corporates are rushing to buy back ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today asked banks to fully tap the opportunities available in the agriculture, infrastructure and ...
Infosys Chairman and Chief Mentor NR Narayana Murthy today said bankers would need to change their mindset to keep pace with the ...
Financial Sector Secretary NS Sisodia today said banks with global aspirations would have to consider the downside of regulatory ...
Bank of India (BoI)'s Visakhapatnam zone is targeting to sanction Rs 20 crore in advances through the 'Star Holiday Loan' scheme ...
ICICI Bank, one of the leading private sector bank in the country, is planning to launch a new scheme to provide liquidity ...
The Terrorism Committee is expected to submit its recommendations to the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on ...
The entry of foreign banks into India came in for a debate on the first day of the two-day bankers conference that began ...
Commercial banks, particularly the ones in the new private and foreign sector, are not taking any chances.
They are stashing the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to be in the process of tightening norms for banks to check money laundering and ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor YV Reddy today said cost reduction and recovery management were the key to making Indian ...
Planning Commission Deputy Chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia got some unexpected support from President APJ Abdul Kalam, who ...
Saraswat Co-operative Bank Ltd is likely to take over the distressed South Indian Co-operative Bank Ltd (SICB) and Maratha Mandir ...
The co-operative banking sector in Surat is undergoing a deep crisis.
The Reserve Bank of India had put restrictions on four ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a show cause notice to Junagadh Vibhagiya Nagarik Sahakari Bank (JVNSB), on grounds ...
The government is weighing three options to help Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) meet the Insurance Regulatory and ...
Bank of India (BoI) and Bank of Baroda (BoB) today raised deposit rates by 25-50 basis points.
More banks are likely to follow ...
After a gap of 14 quarters, 36 listed commercial banks recorded a 6.58 per cent decline in net profits in the second quarter of ...
Wilful defaults at commercial banks are on the rise even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been tightening the noose on ...
Asks banks to adhere to RBI's "fair practices code" on borrowers' information.

International Monetary Fund (IMF) First Deputy Managing Director Annie O Kreuger today said the Indian economy had the potential ...
Close on the heels of the entry of over the $170 billion US pension fund, California Public Employees Retirement (CalPERS), ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today called upon banks to obtain consent from all their borrowers to establish an efficient ...
Yields in the government securities market eased today with the government announcing that it had a balance of Rs 20,500 crore ...
The Insurance Regulatory Authority of India (Irda) will be drafting guidelines pertaining to corporate agents to avoid misselling ...
Following the 25 basis points hike in the short-term repo rate, most banks have nudged up their loan rates by about 50 to 100 ...
Buoyed by the phenomenal success of the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) mechanism, Reserve Bank of India may extend the scheme ...
Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank Limited is planning to open 16 more branches across Andhra Pradesh by the end of March 2006.
No time frame for proposal, says bank MD Ghose.
Raise agri credit to Rs 2,00,000 crore in 3 years, provide Rs 10,000cr venture fund.
Risk management should be another focus area.

Rising bank credit, falling bond prices fuel trend.

In a first of its kind, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) is set to turn down the sovereign guarantee ...
Central Bank of India posted a 21 per cent jump in net profit for the half year ended September 30, 2004 at Rs 331 crore up from ...
Standard Chartered group has moved two top executives from its consumer banking division in India  Vishu Ramachandran and Shyam ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is all set to ask insurance players, which have not met their five-year ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) may have to scrap a clause in the Irda Act pertaining to Indian promoters ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) closed its books as a development financial institution with a 6.25 per cent drop in ...
Intelenet Global Services, the joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) and Barclays Bank, is ...
National Insurance Company (NIC), which emerged the largest general insurance company in the country for the first half of the ...
Housing finance major Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has announced a 50 basis points hike in home loan rates ...
Central bank announces cut-off rate of 7.20% for 5-year paper.

The spot rupee is expected to hover in the range of 44.90-45.25 during the week.
Some market players feel the rupee might touch ...
The benchmark 7.38 per cent 2015 gilt is expected to rule in the range of 7.20-45 per cent and the most important factor ...
No fresh issues are expected this week.

Home, car loan rates set to climb.
Banks will feel the pinch
Andhra Bank has raised the interest rates on domestic and non-resident external (NRE) term deposits.

The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) will be reconsidering the issue of detariffing because of concerns raised ...
In a first-of-its kind move, public sector general insurance company National Insurance Company will tie up with a life insurance ...
JP Morgan Chase Bank is open to entering the retail banking segment in the country, provided it does not run contrary to the ...
The state-level bankers committee on Friday proposed to disburse Rs 4,195 crore towards farm credit in the current rabi season ...
The Chennai-based Indian Bank reported a 31.81 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 154.10 crore for the half year ending September ...
The yield on benchmark 10-year paper pierced the 7 per cent mark to close at 7.21 per cent yesterday, rising 26 basis points on a ...
ICICI Home Finance Company Ltd will revise its existing rate of interest (RoI) on home loans immediately after Diwali, a senior ...
State Bank of India (SBI) chairman A K Purwar said there was an upward pressure on interest rates.
Its a trying time for ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today expressed confidence that credit flow to the agricultural sector would touch Rs 105,000 ...
The Ahmedabad-based legal consultants Devesh Bhatt Associates have asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to invoke powers under ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India Thursday said charges against Union Bank of India with regard to the Vikas WSP Ltd. ...
The working group on screen-based trading in government securities has called for immediate introduction of a screen-based ...
HDFC Bank, which rolled out its credit card business in the beginning of 2002, has posted profits in this segment as on September ...
Nationalised banks have turned to selling dollars to raise rupee resources amidst signs of tightening liquidity conditions in the ...
The financial system shows signs of liquidity squeeze.
The Rajkot Mercantile Co-operative Bank (RMCB), which was barred from banking operations on last Saturday, is a classic example ...
People living below the poverty line in rural areas will now get insurance cover.
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants securitisation of normal assets to be governed under a separate set of regulations and not ...
Visa International is set to launch a slew of new card products in the Indian market.
The payment company will launch a prepaid ...
National Insurance Company (NIC) would have dipped deeper into red and reported an increased operating loss of Rs 284 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India is understood to be examining the possibility of discontinuing market stabilisation bonds (MSBs).
The inevitable has happened.
In the second quarter of this fiscal, at least four listed commercial banks  all in the old ...
Sun Life Financial Inc is eager to increase its stake in its Indian joint venture, Birla Sun Life Insurance to become an equal ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sought clarifications on the end use of funds drawn through external commercial borrowings ...
The city-based United Bank of India (UBI) will shortly go for an organisational restructuring exercise and will engage the ...
A day after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor Rakesh Mohan moved out of Mint Road to the North Block as an economic ...
Its not just the short-term corporate loan rates that have moved up post the Reserve Bank of Indias mid-term policy statement ...
The indigenously developed money market instrument of the Clearing Corporation of India Ltd ( CCIL), collateralised lending and ...
M Visvesvaraya Co-operative Bank aims to cut its NPAs to under 5 per cent of advances by March 2005 from about 8 per cent now. ...
The Indian Banks' Association, the premier bankers body in the country, has made a strong puch for corporatisation of all ...
Karnataka Bank Ltd has firmed up plans for a rights issue.
The board of directors of the bank will formally discuss the issue
at ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) intends financing contract farming ventures in Vidarbha.
The public sector bank is in final stages ...
The finance ministry has appointed V P Shetty, the present chairman and managing director (CMD) of UCO Bank, as the CMD of Canara ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked commercial banks to formulate their own policies on local and outstation cheque ...
Centurion Bank would be enhancing its capital base by Rs 50 crore through a Tier-II capital raising exercise to Rs 200 crore ...
Indian Banks Visakhapatnam circle, which comprises five coastal districts from Srikakulam district to West Godavari district, ...
Spread between corporate paper, gilts shrinks.
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest bank, has reported a 9.42 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter of ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) has clocked a 31 per cent growth in its net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2004 at Rs ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has reported a marginal increase in net profit of Rs 158.33 crore for the quarter ending September 30, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has suspended the Rajkot Mercantile Co-operative Bank Ltd (RMCB) from banking activities ...
State Bank of India (SBI)s 24 per cent growth in advances for the first-half year ended September 30, 2004, is not sustainable, ...
The Centre will consider strengthening the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) management by inducting one more managing ...
Banks are set to hike their deposit and lending rates on retail products this week.
State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank, HDFC ...
Rakesh Mohan takes over as economic affairs secretary today.

The government will stand guarantee for meeting the required solvency margin of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC). ...
Mangalore-based Karnataka Banks net profit for the quarter-ended September 2004 fell 9.17 per cent over the corresponding last ...
Deutsche Bank yesterday injected Rs 419 crore of capital into its Indian operations to fund growth.
The Tier 1 capital infusion ...
The Appointments Committee of Cabinet has asked the finance ministry to work out a fresh set of guidelines for appointment of ...
The Union Bank of India (UBI) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Netafim Irrigation Pvt Ltd recently, to finance ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), which might take over IFCI Ltd, has offloaded 4 per cent of its stake in the ailing ...
H1 bottomline up 13%; net interest margin moves up to 3.15%.
Punjab National Bank has reported a 37.6 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 412.55 crore during the second quarter of the ...
IDBI Banks net profit in the quarter ended September 30, 2004, rose by 4.1 per cent to Rs 37.7 crore against Rs 36.2 crore. ...
Bank of India's net profit in the quarter ended September 30, 2004, plunged by 78.15 per cent to Rs 49.54 crore against Rs 226.76 ...
FM's assurance on M&A freedom, voting rights, 10% creeping acquisition.

Private life insurance players do not see a case for hiking foreign direct investment (FDI) in the sector from the current 26 per ...
The Finance Industry Development Council (FIDC)  the self regulatory organisation for registered non banking finance companies ...
Kotak Mahindra Banks net profit in the quarter ended September 2004 rose by a modest 4 per cent to Rs 20.65 crore against Rs ...
Canara Banks net profit for the quarter ended September 2004 grew 21.96 per cent over the corresponding quarter of last year to ...
Andhra Bank has posted a 20 per cent drop in net profit for the second quarter ended September 30, 2004, at Rs 109.33 crore down ...
Think big and act global, Chidambaram tells bankers.
The Kerala-based Lord Krishna Bank (LKB) today said it had made a profit of Rs 26.35 crore in the fiscal ending March this year. ...
The biggest impediment for public sector banks implementing Basel II norms is the slow pace of computerisation.
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company has made an accounting surplus of Rs 3.67 crore in the first six months of financial year ...
The Supreme Court (SC) today rejected the application of Standard Chartered Bank alleging unjust enrichment by Citibank following ...
The Alluva -based private sector Federal Bank today received a major blow after the Kerala High Court division bench dismissed ...
Bank of Baroda's (BoB) net profit in the second quarter ended September 2004 declined 17.82 per cent to Rs 213.31 crore from Rs ...
It was an incident waiting to happen.
Shaken by the sudden demise of their trust and the possibility losing their hard earned ...
Affirmation on improvement in SBI's loan quality and satisfactory profitability.
ICICI Bank yet to decide on rate hikes.
Gilt yields inched further up today as banks continued to sell bonds after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) hiked the repo rate by ...
A day after the 25 basis points repo rate hike, bankers said rates for short-term deposits and loans would climb soon.
Leading industry associations have lauded Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Yaga Venugopal Reddy for leaving the bank rate ...
In the mood to pick up a free personal accident insurance cover worth Rs 1 lakh?
No, you do not need to apply for a credit card. ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to publish its second draft policy framework for ownership and governance in private sector ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy deftly evades a question on whether the RBI has changed its monetary policy position ...
Vijaya Bank
is Best Bank.
RBI to raise risk weight on housing loans from 50% to 75%.
Repo rate raised; Growth forecast down; Home loan rates may go up.

The State Bank of India (SBI) has taken a plunge into the credit derivatives market to cope with the risk arising from its ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is targeting total assets worth Rs 1,00,000 crore by the end of this fiscal, said ...
Kolkata-based Uco Bank is looking at a merger with a strong bank, preferably in the south.
Punjab National Bank has taken a one-time hit of Rs 200 crore in the second quarter on account of shifting Rs 9,000 crore worth ...
Armed miscreants robbed Rs 6 lakh from the Valsad district branch of the Bank of Rajasthan on Monday afternoon.
While Indian banks have performed exceptionally well in retail banking, investment banking and credit derivatives are still in a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a penalty of Rs 2.58 crore on the beleaguered Swaminarayan Co-operative Bank (SCB) ...
Corporation Bank has launched a campaign to mobilise savings bank accounts.
For each account opened during the campaign, between ...
Kumbakonam-based City Union Bank Limited plans to install 50 ATMs.
The bank, which has introduced 'any branch banking' (ABB) in ...
Private sector insurance company, SBI Life Insurance has emerged the single largest group policy seller among private players by ...
Steps growth-oriented, says SBI chairman Purwar.
Just three days after the crisis in Surti Modh Vanik Urban Co-operative Credit Society, depositors thronged another co-operative ...
The Central government is learnt to be considering a proposal for recapitalisation of regional rural banks (RRBs).
Surat-based Financial Co-operative Bank witnessed a run on deposits on Saturday.
The bank had to be kept open till evening to ...
Vijaya Bank has registered a 25.5 per cent decline in net profit to touch Rs 71.43 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is believed to be considering a proposal to allow exclusivity to the primary dealers (PDs) in ...
After placing restriction on the Metro Co-operative Bank, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has placed restrictions under Section ...
Corporation Bank has posted a 81 per cent drop in its net profit for the second quarter ended September 30, 2004, at Rs 27.39 ...
HDFC Banks net profit in the quarter ended September 30 rose by 30 per cent to Rs 152.3 crore against Rs 117.14 crore in the ...
Net profit of Bank of Rajasthan in the quarter ended September 30, 2004, plunged by 42.93 per cent to Rs 19.92 crore from Rs ...
The HDFC Bank board today approved a proposal to raise capital worth $300 million through an offering of American depository ...
The vehicle loan portfolio of IndusInd Bank jumped up 80 per cent to Rs 1,800 crore in the first half of 2004-05 from Rs 1,000 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to restructure the gold loan scheme to meet the demand for good quality gold from domestic ...
The Thrissur-based Lord Krishna Bank is planning a preferential allotment of shares worth Rs 100 crore with strategic investors ...
ICICI Bank, the countrys second largest commercial bank, today reported a 9.95 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), on Thursday, placed restrictions under Section 35 (A) of Banking Regulations Act, on the ...
Societe Generale, the fifth largest bank in the Euro zone, which manages Euro 298 billion under its asset management and private ...
The credit card division of ICICI Bank expects to scale up its point of sale machines to 45,000 from the current 30,000 by the ...
Why are co-operative banks in Surat being suspended from the clearing house, a step seen as the precursor to the bank being ...
Five public sector banks see drop in profits.

Crisil FundServices today said it has launched a floating rate fund (floater) category for mutual fund performance rankings, as ...
Western Union Financial Services has joined hands with Dena Bank for inbound moony transfer.

The government has approved the second public offer of Dena Bank aggregating Rs 80 crore and comprising 8 crore equity shares of ...
In yet another case of a co-operative bank going bust, Surat-based Metro Co-operative Bank Ltd has opted out of the clearing ...
International Finance Corporation is likely to take a 11.5 per cent stake in biotechnology venture fund, APIDC Biotech.

Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) is expected to place shares worth Rs 100 crore with two private equity investors or foreign institutional ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said it will make public penalties imposed and strictures or directions passed against ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) will exceed its credit growth target in fiscal 2004-05, the banks chairman AK Purwar said today.
Citigroup is acquiring the direct custody, fund services and securities clearing business of ABN Amro in select European and ...
Union Bank of India has posted a 24.12 per cent jump in net profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2004 at Rs 211 crore, up ...
The Kotak Mahindra group today launched the India Growth Fund, a private equity fund, in partnership with US-based SEAF ...
Even as serious doubts are being raised over the progress of recovery of dues by the beleaguered Madhavpura Mercantile ...
Rating agency Crisil today announced that it has signed an memorandum of understanding (MoU) to acquire 100 per cent equity ...
Barclays will infuse an additional equity capital of $ 50 million to the Indian arm, Barclays India.
This marks the second round ...
The net profit of State Bank of Mysore has fallen to Rs 43 crore in the second quarter of 2004-05 from Rs 45 crore in the ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company has reported a 169 per cent increase in new premium income at Rs 498 crore in the first ...
IDBI Ltd chairman M Damodaran today stated we will look only at 19 public sector banks (PSBs) for a merger, ruling out any ...
UTI Bank plans to open about 75 new branches
across the country by March next year.
At present, it has around 230 branches.
Life Insurance Corporation of Indias (LIC) Rajahmundry division, which was adjudged the number one division in the country for ...
FIs have synergy so suitor PNB loses out.

Syndicate Bank's net profit for the quarter ended September 2004 fell 34 per cent compared with the corresponding period last ...
The Company Law Board (CLB) today extended the stay on the appointment of new directors on Federal Bank board as the Kochi-based ...
State Bank of India (SBI), tThe largest commercial bank in the country, is gearing up to unleash a rate war on the credit card ...
The debate on the use of foreign exchange reserves for infrastructure financing has taken a fresh twist with a visiting ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is learnt to be deliberating a case-to-case basis approach for allowing banks to have additional ...
US-based Principal Financial Group, with assets worth $150 billion, is keen on entering the pension insurance sector with its ...
Andhra Bank proposes to set up an Institute of Management Education in Gachibowli, on the lines of the National Institute of Bank ...
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) will increase its sales staff in India by 400 from the current 2,000 by the end ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today supported the government's proposal to increase the foreign ...
Proposal also for transfer of shares.
Highest 6-month credit growth in a decade.
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has finalised the blueprint for a pension/social security scheme exclusively for ...
First Insurance World Broking Services Private Limited will focus on providing brokering services to small and medium ...
The decline in the inflation rate to 7.20 per cent for the week ended October 1 charged up government security prices and the ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) recent guidelines on classifying banks investments may have unintended consequence of making ...
South Indian Bank (SIB) has set a three-year deadline to acquire or merge with another private bank.

Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India chairman S B Mathur said the corporation will either have to hit the capital market ...
There seems to be no ending to the co-operative sector bust.
Latest addition to it s the Surat-based The Vitrag Co-operative Bank ...
State Bank of India, has awarded Datacraft India, a $1 million contract to design, build and manage a network connecting all its ...
Creditworthiness of some firms could be higher than that of the govt.
The capital market watchdog wants to regulate the government securities market too.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India ...
HDFC Bank board will meet on October 21 to discuss a proposal to raise capital through American depositary shares (ADS). This ...
UTI Banks net profit fell 28 per cent to Rs 46.22 crore in the quarter ended September 30, 2004, compared with Rs 64.18 crore in ...
R N Subramanian, manager-foreign exchange, Canara Bank, will be the new chairman of the Forex Association of India for the ...
ASREC (India) Ltd., an asset reconstruction company promoted by the Specified undertaking of the Unit Trust of India (UTI-I) and ...
A voluntary retirement scheme (VRS), and freeze on new recruitment is likely to result in an asset-liability mismatch at the ...
Banks sit on a heap of customer information, but most of them lack the analytical expertise to build better consumer banking ...
Former RBI deputy governor S S Tarapore came down heavily on RBIs practice of keeping RBI nominee directors on the boards of ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will have to pump in over $85 million if it wants to maintain majority stake in its subsidiary in ...
A high-level delegation of Asian Development Bank (ADB), led by its president Tadao Chino, is arriving here on Friday on a ...
Andhra Bank today entered into a strategic alliance for third party distribution of mutual funds with Tata Asset Management ...
The Reserve Bank of India, on Wednesday, placed restrictions under Section 35 (A) of the Banking Regulations Act, on the ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has withdrawn its application to return capital to the government.
The bank had made the move last ...
The daily savings agents of the crisis-hit Royal Co-operative Bank Ltd have demanded police protection.
The agents made ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) will be re-entering Tanzania after a gap of 37 years.
It will be the only Indian bank to have its operations ...
Two giants of the Indian financial landscape, State Bank of India (SBI) and the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), have entered ...
Smart service seems to be catchphrase for Yes Bank, the new kid on the banking block.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) invested a total of Rs 40,000 crore in the first half of 2004-05, of which 55 per cent ...
With business booming, over 10 banks are in the fray to tap the equity market to fund their expansion plans as well as meet the ...
The Left parties seem to have influenced the United Progressive Alliance governments decision to tone down its intention to lift ...
Citicorp investment values the media firm at Rs 834 crore.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today fixed the cut-off yield of the 7.38 per cent 2015 paper auctioned today, at 6.98 per cent, ...
Centurion Bank net profit for the quarter ended September 2004 rose to Rs 5.26 crore against Rs 1.94 crore in the corresponding ...
Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank has declared a 110 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 303 crore in the first half (H1) of the ...
Malaprabha Grameena Bank, a leading regional rural bank has registered a net profit of Rs 19.53 crore for the half- year ending ...
The defaulters plagued co-operative banks in the state has made the government sit up and take action.
The state government has ...
The Royal Co-operative Bank Ltd, which was suspended from the clearing house operations on October 6, will start repaying fixed ...
Agriculture Insurance Company of India Ltd (AICIL), promoted by the General Insurance Company (GIC), Nabard and other financial ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd (Kotak Life Insurance) announced a premium income of Rs 49.55 crore for the ...
Soon after drawing up a restructuring package for the ailing tea industry, the Indian Banks Association (IBA) is now working out ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has recorded a 1097 per cent increase in the number of unit-linked plans sold in ...
The one-month old Yes Bank is busy designing an expansion strategy to build its business.
The bank is set to roll out its retail ...
The board of directors of Allahabad Bank gave its nod for raising Rs 100 crore of Tier-I capital from the primary market by ...
The Punjab National Bank (Northern Zone) today organised a customer meet of leading industrialists of the area to have their ...
Insurer to raise stakes ahead of consolidation.

Andhra Pradesh State Co-operative Urban Banks Federation Limited is urging the state government to set up a liquidity crisis ...
Mahagujarat Bank Employees Association (MBEA), affiliated to the All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA), has demanded a ...
Once bitten is twice shy they say, but often temptation is just too hard to resist!
Many of the depositors of the Nagpur Mahila ...
Kolkata-based non-banking financial company Magma Leasing Limited has now launched car loans in Andhra Pradesh at an introductory ...
While multi state co-operative banks have reason to cheer as their deposits are now insured with the Deposit Insurance Credit ...
The Asset Reconstruction Company (India) Ltd (ARCIL) today appointed Apitco (formerly Andhra Pradesh Industrial and Technical ...
Tata AIG Life Insurance Company has decided to increase its equity capital from the current Rs 231 crore to fund expansion and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is planning to set up a centralised clearing facility and a central warehouse in Delhi prior to ...
Sidbi Venture Capital Ltd (SVCL) has firmed up plans of launching a new Rs 500 crore venture capital fund to help small and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to review investment fluctuation reserve (IFR) norms for commercial banks.

The corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell of banks and financial institutions has approved BPL Ltds proposed sale of stake in ...
ICICI OneSource has acquired a New York-based consumer debt collections agency Account Solutions Group (ASG) for an undisclosed ...
Oriental Insurance Company Limited (OIC) and the Department of Posts on Thursday launched the scheme of selling non-life ...
The reason behind the debacle of the co-operative banking sector in Gujarat can be put in one sentence  blatant misuse of ...
As per the recommendations of the Working Group on improvements in monitoring of Clearing Systems, the Surat Bankers Clearing ...
The recent volatility in interest rates, which have resulted in a reduction in Indian banks trading profits, may further hurt ...
Corporatisation of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is one of the key agendas for discussion when finance minister P ...
The ICICI- Federal Bank spat yesterday took a new turn with a division bench of the Kerala High Court issuing an interim ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) south zone has reported a growth of 155.4 per cent to Rs 672 crore in new business premium in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has penalised a cross-section of public sector, private sector and foreign banks over the ...
Allahabad Bank chairman O N Singh said yesterday the bank was looking for synergies in the west and south.
Its consolidation time for the foreign exchange market, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deciding to review the impact of ...
ICICI Bank is expected to increase its stake in BS Refrigerators (a BPL Group company) shortly.
BS Refrigerators will consider ...
The Surat-based Royale Co-operative Bank Ltd was suspended from the clearing house on Wednesday by the Surat Bankers Clearing ...
HDFC Bank wants to grow its corporate portfolio by 30 per cent in 2004-05 against 15 per cent in the previous year on the back of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) yesterday specified the interest rates payable on premature deposit withdrawals from non-banking ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to be mulling over a repo rate hike of 25-50 basis points in the forthcoming ...
Demands RBI nod for local acquisittions.
Crisil, the credit rating agency, has said that for the first time in 10 years, it did not have to downgrade or dub as potential ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said sale of shares by resident Indians to non-residents, other than in the financial ...
Some large banks and housing finance companies still do not have an option for customers to switch from a floating rate home loan ...
Merged entity to be second largest bank after SBI.

The Centre will roll out the Senior Citizens Savings Scheme offering a nine per cent return in November through banks.

The public sector Union Bank of India (UBI) planned to acquire new banks and had held discussions with some merchant banks, a top ...
ICICI Bank, Indias largest private sector bank, is set to enter Russia with a subsidiary.

Travelex, one of the worlds largest non-bank providers of commercial foreign exchange services, has announced that their Indian ...
DEG, one of Europe's largest development finance institutions, is aggresively stepping up its exposure in the Indian market.
The ...
State Bank of India (SBI)s Visakhapatnam zone is expecting a 42 per cent growth in net profits, which is likely to touch the Rs ...
Metlife India is chalking out its expansion plans by opening 23 more offices across the country by the end this calendar year.

Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) will shortly hire an international consultant to restructure and integrate the failed Global ...
Consolidation imperative
HDFC Bank feels that it may face potential conflict of interest relating to its principal shareholder  HDFC Ltd as long as the ...
Rising crude oil prices and expectations of a higher inflation rate affected the government securities market last week.
IDBI Ltd will offer its employees a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) in line with other public sector banks.
The new deemed ...
The private banking arm of ABN Amro Bank plans to increase its assets under advice to Rs 4,000 crore and 1,700 clients in the ...
The Life Insurance Council, which has all the life insurance players in India as members, is recommending the creation of a ...
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and UTI Bank are going all out to entice retail customers in the ensuing festive season with freebies.
Yet another co-operative bank in Gujarat is set to shut down as the state government has appointed a liquidator for the Sunav ...
New entity to have balance sheet size of Rs 80,000 crore and a network of 200 branches.
Lord Krishna Bank has classified Morepen Laboratories as a wilful defaulter. The drug firms corporate debt restructuring (CDR) ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to be relaxing norms for private transfer of shares between resident and ...
Delinquency rates in consumer durables loan market have gone up as high as 12-15 per cent, according to industry sources. ...
The net international investment position (InIP) of India has improved by $12.04 billion to a net liabilities of $48.60 bn for ...
India has posted a current account surplus of $1.90 billion for the quarter ended June 2004 as against a deficit of $637 million ...
The banking sector is set to witness a market erosion of around Rs 4,500-4,800 crore in value of government securities held for ...
Stiff prudential norms and capital requirements are likely to prevent public sector banks from increasing the dividend pay-out in ...
UTI Bank has concluded the largest-ever collateral loan obligation of around Rs 376 crore.

The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is open to increasing its stake in Corporation Bank from the present 26 per cent.
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) has temporarily stopped issuing licences to corporate agents.

The Surat-based The Century Co-operative Bank Ltd is filing civil suits against loan defaulters, who did not respond to the ...
Additional chief judicial magistrate G S Shegaonkar has remanded the former manager of Nagpur Mahila Sahakari Bank Ltd Suruchi ...
Despite a steep fall in deposits, Visakhapatnam Co-operative Bank Limited (VCB)  the second largest co-operative bank in terms ...
The shareholders of the Vadodara-based Shri Swaminarayana Co-operative Bank Ltd (SSCB) has passed a resolution agreeing to merge ...
In the run up to the conversion of Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) into a bank, the Centre today granted status of a ...
Companies, which had raised external commercial borrowings (ECB) a year ago, are feeling the heat of the rising interest rates.
Domestic oil companies are rushing into forward contracts in the crude and forex markets to cushion themselves against rising ...
A decision on the merger of financial institution IFCI Ltd with Punjab National Bank (PNB) is expected to be taken by the end of ...
A prominent Bhilai-based chartered accountant, Rakesh Prithvilal Dhody, was arrested by crime branch officials for his alleged ...
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has given India the thumbs up for its gradual introduction of greater exchange rate ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has introduced loans for setting up of agri-clinics and ...
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), a conglomerate of nine bank unions, has called for a nationwide strike on October five ...
ICICI Bank nominee voted out after marathon annual general meeting.
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) today raised Rs 100 crore three-year money through a uniquely structured floating ...
South-based banks that lure women customers with loans against gold jewellery have done well.
This is because women in the ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has drawn a list of sectors to reinforce its presence in the equity market following a shift ...
BJP leader and the main accused in the multi-crore Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank scam, C R Patil, has proposed a formula for ...
Consolidation seems to be the name of the game not only for banks but also for non-banking finance companies.
The board of the ...
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (SMBC) and Standard Chartered Bank . announced that the two banks have signed an ...
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), a strategic investor in Corporation Bank, could provide funds to Corporation Bank to consummate ...
The board of Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (IDFC) today cleared the proposal for an initial public offering ...
Indian wealth managers have witnessed a significant rise in new money clients, reveals the latest IBM wealth management ...
With the appointment of a liquidator for Dehgam-based Shree Vitthal Co-operative Bank and Pragati Co-operative Bank, Ahmedabad, ...
Taking a cue from the private sector, State Bank of India (SBI) is considering a proposal to offer variable pay to its over ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will announce the mid-term review of the annual policy statement for the year 2004-05 on October ...
As part of its customer-centric approach, the Mangalore-based premier private sector bank Karnataka Bank has launched multicity ...
UTI Bank may not be the numero uno in terms of asset base or profitability, but when it comes to using automated teller machines ...
IDBI Ltd, the new banking entity which will come into existence on October 1, was registered with the Registrar of Companies on ...
The bank proposes to set up a Japan desk in its Indian operations.

The government securities market perked up last week with the Centre reducing its borrowing target to Rs 44,000 crore for the ...
The spot rupee is expected to hover in the 45.80-46.00 range against the dollar.
The bias will be more towards appreciation both ...
BJP leader and the main accused in the multi-crore Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank scam, C R Patil, has proposed a formula for ...
Government securities are expected to trade in a narrow range ahead of banks half-yearly accounts closure on September 30, with ...
The primary market for corporate bonds is likely to see a 10-year bond issue from Tata Power to raise around Rs 700 crore. ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance (BSLI) is targeting a 62 per cent growth in premium income at Rs 800 crore for the current year.
The ...
HDFC Bank is planning to expand its overseas operations in south-east Asia, Europe and the US.
At present, the bank has a ...
The board of directors of Corporation Bank today authorised its management to scout for banks for acquisition.
This is the first ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is setting up specialised cells to sanction retail loans fast and thereby crunch the turnaround ...
Centurion Bank on Thursday informed its rights issue worth Rs 90.8 crore which closed on September 22 has been oversubscribed.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to liberalise the discretionary investments limit for residuary non-banking companies ...
ICICI Bank senior general manager M N Gopinath today denied any irregularity in the appointment of K S Harshan as the executive ...
Major bond market borrowers such as Indian Railway Finance Corporation and Konkan Railway Corporation, along with banks such as ...
The Asset Reconstruction Company (India) Ltd (ARCIL), Indias first asset reconstruction firm, is refusing to buy non-performing ...
After a long wait depositors of the liquidated Visnagar Nagarik Sahakari Bank will get back their insured deposits.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday imposed severe restrictions on the troubled Nagpur Mahila Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday imposed severe restrictions on the troubled Nagpur Mahila Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd ...
The Maharashtra government has appointed Yes Bank as advisor for chalking out the roadmap for the proposed thrust into life ...
Anshu Jain has been appointed co-head of Deutsche Bank's corporate investment banking division.
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will play the role of a mediator between its 10-lakh agency force and its own class ...
ChrysCapital II LLC, a leading venture capital firm, will acquire a 13 per cent stake in Development Credit Bank (DCB) for an ...
Aviva, the fifth largest global insurance company, will hire around 3,300 people in India and Sri Lanka by 2007.
This is part of ...
The share price of the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) spurted to a 52-week high on the back of buying interest and a ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) would prefer to offload part of its equity stake in SBI Life Insurance Company to the public rather ...
Standard Chartered Bank today said its corporate banking business has grown 31 per cent in the first half of 2004, and has been a ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is likely to report a 15 per cent drop in operating profit for the current fiscal.
Meanwhile the public ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the largest commercial bank in the country, has decided to securitise assets in a big way.

Bank of Baroda (BoB) has announced its second public offer of 9.1 crore equity shares in January 2005 to raise around Rs 1,500 ...
Market players look again at bank stocks as attractive bets.
Trade unions and bank employees federations have opposed the imposition of the 10 per cent service tax on banking services like ...
The World Bank (WB) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have proposed that laws should ensure that financial institutions ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) has introduced the option of a novel benchmark for its floating rate home loans  its one-year fixed ...
In a bilateral deal between the new generation private sector HDFC Bank and mortgage major Housing Development Finance ...
Floating rate bonds may not form part of the government borrowing programme for the second half of the current fiscal.
V Leeladhar the newly appointed deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will oversee the department of information ...
Move follows recommendations by McKinsey.
The countrys largest private sector bank, ICICI Bank, does not wish to participate in the consolidation process in the Indian ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company will go public when the respective companies ...
Despite the cloud over several co-operative banks in the state, banks in Saurashtra have been very successful.

Co-operative banks in Surat have welcomed the recent guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which are aimed at an ...
Bank of India (BoI), Punjab National Bank (PNB), Corporation Bank, Canara Bank, Indian Farmers Fertiliser Co-operative Ltd ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday issued the governments market borrowing programme for the second half of the fiscal, ...
Dena Bank is undertaking a massive recast exercise.
The public sector bank proposes to close down 50 branches and recruit ...
Move seen as prelude to public offers by associates.

Finance ministry, RBI to jointly look at high-stake bids.
In a move aimed at consolidating its urban banking operations, Dena Bank has decided to merge 50 urban branches with other urban ...
Move being planned to strengthen SBI's overseas operations.
Indias consumer credit market is under-developed and there is more scope for the banks to grow in this market, according to The ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is attempting to become more open to change not just in its policies, but it has now embarked ...
Fixed-income brokers may heave a sigh of relief as their exclusion from the debt market seems to have been partially solved.

Seeking to turn the tables on predators, Karnataka Bank chairman Ananthakrishna said, We are on the lookout for acquiring ...
One of the oldest co-operative banks in Mysore, the 80-year-old Graduates Co-operative Bank (GCB), has computerised its ...
The increase in cash reserve ratio (CRR) by half a per centage point by RBI would not affect the liquidity of Indian Overseas ...
The government borrowing for the second half of the current fiscal 2004-05 is likely to figure in the range of Rs 43,000-45,000 ...
Seeking to turn the tables on predators, Karnataka Bank chairman Ananthakrishna said, We are on the lookout for acquiring ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank has indicated that it will acquire a domestic bank by the end of this fiscal.

With the service sector turning into the driving force for economic growth and employment, the Indian banking industry will have ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) plans to initiate a Rs 500 crore venture capital fund by September-end. It ...
The Indian government will soon unveil a policy guideline to encourage mergers and acquisitions in the Indian banking sector, ...
Technology is needed most by the poorer sections of the society.
It is true that though in India it has remained largely ...
Barring six out of 698 complains lodged before the banking ombudsman (BO) during 2003-04 , all cases have been resolved within a ...
Bank of India (BoI) is exploring the possibility of taking over a small bank in Jakarta, Indonesia to strengthen its overseas ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering letting banks raise capital through the issue of redeemable preference shares.

The poor are clearly a business opportunity for any sector, including banks, speakers at a session on agriculture and micro ...
Union Bank of India (UBI) is planning to open a representative office in China.
A UBI official informed that the bank has applied ...
With the services sector becoming the driving force for economic growth and employment, the Indian banking industry will have to ...
Corporates buying dollars in the overseas rupee market and selling them back home resulted in a volatile rupee, which moved in a ...
Following upgrades of public sector banks, it is now the turn of their subsidiaries to get upgrades from rating agency Crisil.

Hosting farewell parties for foes is rare in business, if not unheard of.

The Gujarat High Court, on Tuesday, ordered that Kanaksinh Mangrola, the prime accused in the Suryapur Co-operative Bank scam, be ...
Union Bank of India - southern zone, expects its agricultural lending to increase by 30 per cent during the current financial ...
New private sector banks such as ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, IDBI Bank and UTI Bank are increasingly tying up with triple-A (AAA) ...
Centurion Bank is revamping its management team and Vivek Vig, a Citibank executive based in Saudi Arabia, is expected to assume ...
Chennai based Indian Bank today said it plans to acquire a domestic bank by this fiscal end.
The banks chairman M B N Rao ...
The forthcoming annual general meeting of Federal Bank scheduled to be held on September 27 is expected to be stormy as various ...
Payouts drop between 11-45% on policies depending on maturity.

Regulator worried by mass failure of agents.
Foreign shareholders can breathe easy.
The stake is worth Rs 135 cr at Rs 134.91 per share.
India has become one of the most popular destinations for offshoring insurance processes and top insurance companies in the US ...
The Ahmedabad-based Gruh Finance Ltd, a housing finance company operating in Gujarat and Maharashtra, has reviewed its lending ...
The life insurance policyholders will have to shell out 10.2 per cent service tax when they pay their next round of premium.

After raising the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of commercial banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today increased the CRR for ...
Bank of India (BoI) plans to establish subsidiaries in Shenzen, China and San Francisco, US  a Nigerian unit is likely too  by ...
The Indian banking sector could be hit hard in case of a rate reversal on account of over investment in government securities.

State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank, the two largest commercial banks in the country on Tuesday said that the Reserve Bank ...
Many banks are likely to post trading losses for the quarter ended September 30 owing to todays volatility  and expectations of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has today permitted Sri Lankan citizens to purchase shares or convertible debentures of an Indian ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to have proposed 49 per cent stake for foreign institutional investors (FII) in ...
The Federation of Surat Textile Traders Association has decided to socially and financially boycott a money lending firm ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), on Saturday, placed restrictions under Section 35 (A) of the Banking Regulations Act, on ...
Bond market players are a divided lot on the prospects of the Reserve Bank of India hiking the interest rate to counter ...
As many as 93 per cent of those who responded to a Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) survey on the ...
Customers increased preference to buy insurance from banks is encouraging greater number of bancassurance tie ups with public ...
Some public sector banks have started rejigging their investment portfolios by transferring their statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) ...
The New Delhi-based, Punjab National Bank Ltd.s board has approved plans to make a public offer of 50 million shares, it told ...
Both the government securities and the foreign exchange market reacted to the Reserve Bank of Indias decision on Saturday to ...
With the Centre planning to double the farm credit in the next three years from Rs 80,000 crore in 2003-04 to over Rs 1,60,000 ...
With the Centre planning to double the farm credit in the next three years from Rs 80,000 crore in 2003-04 to over Rs 1,60,000 ...
Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said more measured steps would be taken to contain inflation, which was shooting up mainly ...
Increase in CRR seen just for starters.
US-based Capital Research and Management Company has acquired an additional 1.38 per cent stake in Housing Development Finance ...
The hike in cash reserve ratio (CRR) will not put immediate pressure on interest rates, senior bankers said.
However, in the ...
Exclusion unfair
Indian banks and financial institutions see an upward shift in the interest rates in the short to medium term.

The banking industrys interest income from the cash reserve ratio (CRR) money kept with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to be considering whether or not to continue with the market stabilisation scheme ...
The Petlad Nagarik Sahakari Bank (PNSB) in Anand district is now likely to go for liquidation as the after the Gujarat High Court ...
Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to undertake a special scrutiny of the computation of demand and time liabilities (DTL) or ...
The New Delhi-based Punjab National Bank (PNB) has plans to set up a joint venture unit in Kazakhstan in partnership with the ...
Corporatisation will help the government extend tax sops to public sector banks, which are looking at mergers and acquisitions ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) proposes to strength the board of large public sector banks by inducting greater number of ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will review the working of the bank deposit insurance scheme, including its coverage to align it ...
RBI hikes cash reserve ratio after four years.

Also cuts interest on CRR to 3.5% from 6%.
ICICI Lombard General Insurance, which pioneered the weather insurance scheme for orange growers in the Jhalawar, Kota, and Baran ...
Major banks, including the State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, Canara Bank, Punjab National Bank and Central Bank ruled out any ...
In what could be mentioned as the first partial devolvement on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) during the government borrowing ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has sent a proposal to the finance ministry expressing its unwillingness to depute nominee ...
In a snap poll of 10 private bank CEOs, conducted by Business Standard at the Confederation ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) feels that there is no dearth of domestic capital for the Indian banking system to support its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today clarified that the draft proposal to cap promoters' holdings in private banks at 10 per ...
Move aimed at consolidating the Indian banking sector.
The cooperative banking sector has assailed the finance ministrys proposed move to keep the long-term credit structure out of ...
The cooperative banking sector has assailed the finance ministrys proposed move to keep the long-term credit structure out of ...
The new private sector banks led by IDBI Bank and IndusInd Bank are queuing up at the doors of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The Baroda City Cooperative Bank (BCCB) has seized the properties of six defaulters under the Securitisation and Reconstruction ...
Indian Bank has set its sights on becoming a zero non performing asset (NPA) bank by March 2007, when the bank celebrates its ...
Private life insurer, Aviva Life Insurance and the Indian Institute Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) penned a Memorandum of ...
With banks pushing up lending rates, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have started to feel the heat.
Chennai-based United India Insurance Co Ltd (UI) has reported a jump of 122.49 per cent in net profit to Rs 380.45 for the year ...
In order to ensure smooth sailing of government borrowing papers at the auction tomorrow, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
Banks are building up their credit portfolio with uncertainty looming large over treasury income.

Interest rate derivatives volume tripled to Rs 300 crore on Wednesday versus Rs 100 crore in January, as companies hedged against ...
Finmin to encourage PSU banks to go for M&As, public offers.
The Reserve Bank of Indias monetary & credit policy for the second half will signal a hardening of interest rates in the ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) assisted 582 private sector companies recorded a 81.8 per cent rise in aggregate net ...
Solar power may come to the rescue of some of the public sector banks which are finding it difficult to comply with the Central ...
The lack of yield differential is shooing away investors from floating rate issues of both government paper and corporate debt.
After driving down yields of frequently traded benchmark government papers, banks have started chasing illiquid government ...
Units carved out of existing business divisions.
The finance ministry has decided to ask public sector banks to reduce their investment in government securities and instead offer ...
Kavish Arora will be heading the Northern India region of Bank of America in his new appointment as Principal (Global Corporate ...
The Suryapur Bank scam is getting murkier by day.
Now the State Cooperation Department has filed two more complaints of fraud, ...
There are far too many public sector banks in a country like India and sooner or later, there is a need for a consolidation in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks and financial institutions (FIs) to promote corporate-linked small and medium ...
Rating agency Crisil, on Monday, upgraded the bond ratings of four public sector banksBank of Baroda, Canara Bank, Indian ...
ABN Amro Bank NV, the Dutch banking major, is planning to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in India to foray into micro ...
The Indian Banks Association is offering the 10-lakh public sector bank employees a 9.5 per cent increase in wage bill under the ...
The Union Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram will be reviewing the investment portfolio of major banks and the banking ...
The operations of residuary non-banking companies (RNBC) would be severely affected if the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Top Indian corporates, which had plans to tap foreign currency borrowings, are heading back home to raise rupee term credit ...
Whispers about bank arrangements to drive up prices.
Rs 200,000 crore investments in the pipeline.
The Mumbai Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT-I) has dismissed a suit filed by the erstwhile ANZ Grindlays Bank (which got merged with ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks and financial institutions (FIs) to actively promote corporate-linked small ...
Trading in government securities market picked up during the weekend and investors, especially banks, went on a buying spree.
The only way is up
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has permitted urban co-operative banks (UCBs) to implement the 90-day impairment norm from the ...
Citibank will introduce private banking services some time in October where the threshold limit will be to look after individual ...
Yes Bank today formally announced the commencement of its banking business after the Reserve Bank of India included its name in ...
Private sector banks are set to become one of the most aggressive recruiters this fiscal as they go on a major expansion spree, ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has chosen technology partners for implementing its core banking solution after protracted discussions.

Citigroup said Indian corporate earnings growth would be at a healthy 17 per cent during 2004-06  despite being lower than the ...
Asian household wealth has grown at an average 7.6 per cent in the last three years despite the economic downturn during ...
Eastern zone has maintained its supremacy in Life Insurance Corporation of Indias (LIC) business last fiscal  selling 65.23 ...
Citigroup India has evinced interest in being a part of the financial consortium that will jointly fund the proposed Rs 1,300 ...
The Gujarat government on Thursday appointed Assistant Surat District Registrar (Co-operatives) J R Charel the liquidator of the ...
The rise in the inflation rate to 8.17 per cent for the week ended August 20 failed to spook the government securities market.

The legal wrangle over the Tuticorin-based Tamilnad Mercantile Bank (TMB) took a fresh turn today, with the Madurai bench of the ...
Banks stocks gain substantially as equity markets cheered RBI's sops to PSU banks.
The representatives of federations of urban and rural co-operative banks in a meeting with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The Vadodara division of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will conduct several social activities over the next one ...
The entry of private players in the insurance segment seems to have affected Life Insurance Corporations performance.
LICs ...
Surat is fast gaining notoriety in the co-operative banking sector, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) revoking the licence of ...
Public sector banks are queuing up to hit the equity market to raise capital as the deadline to provide for the Basel II norms ...
Kotak Investment Banking has elevated S Sriniwasan, S Ramesh and TV Raghunath to the position of executive directors.
In a media ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has claimed it is now the first company in the world to have settled all claims in a zonein ...
Provident funds (PFs) are picking up AAA-rated corporate debt paper even as these are being quoted at a negative spread to ...
Long-dated government securities are yielding higher returns than the shorter ones, thereby distorting the yield curve.
Oil companies are rushing to raise both rupee and dollar loans from commercial banks as rising international crude prices and ...
Investment guidelines of banks changed to ward off impact of rising yields on govt bonds.
The Syndicate Bank has signed an MoU with Royal Enfield for providing finance for the latters two-wheeler products here on ...
LIC Housing Finance Ltd has raised about $29.85 million through its maiden global depository receipt (GDR).
With a total first premium collection of Rs 92 crore as on August 31, 2004, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)'s Ernakulam ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is targeting to reduce its net non-performing assets (NPA) to net advances ratio to about 2 per ...
US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan believes that America should allow the creation and adoption of labour-saving ...
The south-central zone of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has set a premium target of Rs 15,500 crore, including a first premium ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) is pushing for corporatisation of public sector banks (PSBs) as a precondition to the ...
The Asset Reconstruction Company of India Ltd (ARCIL) has scaled down its earlier target of buying sticky assets worth Rs 20,000 ...
Depositors thronged the Surat-based Century Co-operative Bank on Wednesday even as bank officials claimed the banks condition ...
With an aim to boost its rural credit portfolio, ICICI Bank launched ICICI Bank Kisan Loan Card.
The bank has launched the card ...
Between July 1997 and October 2003, the yield on the most traded 10-year government security  a barometer for domestic interest ...
The yield on the 10-year benchmark government paper (7.37 per cent 2014) moved sharply downward today, piercing the 6 per cent ...
RBI-mandated bonus cut won't pinch.

The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has been ranked the 12th largest life insurance company in the Asian region outside ...
Ahmedabad-based Kalupur Commercial Co-operative Banks (KCCB) reserves have crossed Rs 500 crore.
The net non performing assets ...
SBI discourages fixed-rate housing loans
Yet another co-operative bank in Gujarat was faced with a crisis on Tuesday.
The Reserve Bank of India suspended the Surat-based ...
Hewlett-Packard (HP), in association with Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and IDBI Bank, will set the roadmap to ...
This years Annual Report of the Reserve Bank of India comes at a time of great uncertainty and change in the economy.
It is only ...
The industry is surprised over the State Bank of India (SBI) hiking interest rates at a time when there is adequate liquidity in ...
The New India Assurance Company has posted over 354 per cent rise in underwriting profit of Rs 109 crore on a total premium ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is all set to open its Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) banking division as it expects a 20 per ...
To charge 8% interest on maturity period of up to 5 yrs from the current 7.75%.
IDBI Bank has opened its second branch in Jaipur at the gem and jewellery hubJohari Bazar.
Johari Bazar
is synonymous with gems ...
City-based AP Mahesh Co-operative Urban Bank Limited is planning to implement a core banking solution (CBS) across all its ...
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company plans to open more than five satellite offices in Gujarat.
This will be in addition to ...
Domestic income of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has fallen sharply by over 60 per cent to Rs 5,220.2 crore in 2003-04, ...
To sustain an overall economic growth of 7 per cent and more, agricultural growth rate has to be increased to a minimum of around ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its annual report released today stated that the outlook for headline inflation is less ...
For the last five years, the cost of borrowings by the central government may have been coming down, but the wheel may just make ...
The finance ministers remarks at the annual general meeting of the Indian Banks Association (IBA) the other day indicate that ...
Inflation may move upwards, growth may slow.

Even as interest rates seem all set to rise, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has expressed concern over the level of banks' ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has implied on the need for rebalancing of portfolios by market participants with a rise in ...
State-owned Power Finance Corp.
Ltd. is considering a foray into the insurance and merchant banking sectors as part of its ...
The rate of financial savings of the household sector stood higher at 11.8 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) at current ...
The Small-Scale Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has constituted a Rs 500 crore venture capital fund to be made ...
The RBI has increased the balance in the contingency reserve by Rs 969.47 crore to Rs 56,218.76 crore as on June 30, 2004 over Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will issue fresh licences for urban co-operative banks (UCBs) after a comprehensive policy is put ...
The Gujarat High Court on Friday quashed the interim bail of C R Patil, the prime accused in the multi-crore Diamond Jubilee ...
The Gujarat High Court on Friday quashed the interim bail of C R Patil, the prime accused in the multi-crore Diamond Jubilee ...
The Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDBRT) has launched the National Financial Switch (NFS), ...
After agreeing on a free trade agreement early this year, finance ministers and regulators of South Asia will discuss ways of ...
After agreeing on a free trade agreement early this year, finance ministers and regulators of South Asia will discuss ways of ...
I have many fond and nostalgic memories of Calcutta (sorry, Kolkata) going back to more than 35 years.
When I was president of a ...
Profits to take a hit due to losses in investment portfolio.
Foreign borrowings out
In a strategic shift, all Global Trust Bank (GTB) branches will start sanctioning loans to prop up the asset book.

The bond market staged a rally on Friday and the yield on the 10-year benchmark 7.37 per cent 2104 paper closed at 6.08 per cent. ...
5 banks to hold 8% each.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has indicated that the recent spurt in inflation is mainly the result of a supply shock and the ...
SAS Motors Ltd, manufacturers of low cost Chinese tractors, is in talks with Canara Bank to help farmers buy the Rs 99,000 ...
The Mangalore-based Corporation Bank has won the prestigious Best Bank Award for Delivery Channels from the Institute for ...
The finance ministry today notified the appointments of executive directors of ten public sector banks (PSBs).
LIC Housing Finance Ltds (LICHFL) one-crore global depository receipts (GDR) issue opened on Friday.
The issue is lead managed ...
IndusInd Bank has approached the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) seeking a licence to set up an overseas branch.

ICICI Bank has sold two non-performing accounts of BPL group companies BS Refrigerators Ltd and BS Appliances Ltd to the Asset ...
Its the turn of another cooperative bank from Nagpur to hang on the precipice and suffer a panic run.

The finance ministry has hiked the aggregate ceiling for issue of bonds under the Market Stabilisation Scheme (MSS) to Rs 80,000 ...
The finance ministry has hiked the aggregate ceiling for issue of bonds under the Market Stabilisation Scheme (MSS) to Rs 80,000 ...
Banks' balance sheet rescue package on the cards.
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited has tied up with iguru.biz, a self-study online portal for training insurance ...
ING Vysya Bank has closed its syndicated loan offering after it was oversubscribed by 40 per cent.
As a result, the bank has ...
One more co-operative bank in Anand district is headed for liquidation.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on August 24 cancelled ...
Defaulting borrowers may have to deposit part of the disputed amount if they want to stall seizure and sale of assets by ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has set the ball rolling for consolidation among public sector banks (PSB) and has asked the ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has selected J Walter Thompson, Mudra Communications, FCB Ulka and Rediffusion TYR ...
The Union Cabinet on Wednesday approved amendments to the Banking Regulation Act to give powers to the Reserve Bank of India ...
HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company plans to double its distribution network in Gujarat by the end of the current financial ...
PNB Gilts, a primary dealer (PD), posted a net profit of Rs 106.95 crore last year.
In the April-June quarter of this year, it ...
South Indian Co-operative Banks (SICB) depositors have threatened to move court against the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for not ...
RBI Governor Y V Reddy assured bankers that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is closely monitoring the interest rate and ...
Heavy trading in secondary corporate bond papers has seen daily volumes surge to Rs 150 crore.
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) has requested the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to enhance the proposed cap on holding in ...
Despite the turmoil in the government securities market, Union Bank of India has projected a 40 per cent rise in net profit for ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank reported a marginal growth of 6.7 per cent to Rs 118.13 crore in net profit for the first quarter ended ...
ICICI Bank has taken the rate war to the enemy camp by slashing interest rates by 100 basis points in the credit card segment, ...
The Reserve Bank of India took stock of the impact of the rising bond yield on commercial banks balance sheets at a meeting of ...
How many times have you wished that the salary cheque you deposited in the bank got cleared in a day instead of the usual three ...
How low can you go?
Personal credit just became cheaper, at less than 12 per cent per annum!
ICICI Bank launched its unique ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants to raise the cap on the market stabilisation scheme (MSS)  meant to suck out excess ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) will close down its Hong Kong subsidiary and open a branch to take advantage of the growing business between ...
Standard Chartered Bank will venture into the consumer finance business, and take on global giants General Electric and Citi ...
The government is likely to ease the dividend policy for commercial banks.
According to banking sources, at the recently held ...
The Co-operatives Department of the Gujarat government on Monday appointed a three-member administrative committee for the ...
The market regulator Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) has found that the promoter of the beleaguered Global Trust ...
ADB, India Inc also on board.
Net non-performing assets (NPAs) of 19 listed public sector banks (PSBs) declined 3.6 per cent or by Rs 557 crore in the quarter ...
The Visakhapatnam division of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is targeting 25 per cent growth in net profit during this ...
Urban co-operative banks in the state are unhappy over the stand taken by the Gujarat Urban Co-operative Banks Federation ...
The office of the central registrar of co-operative societies (CRCS) under the department of agriculture and co-operation of the ...
The CPI has said the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government should not take its allies for granted.

No change in ratings.
Door-step delivery and cash pick-ups are fast gaining popularity among business clients and high networth individuals.
Individual ...
Banks have started outsourcing foreign currency and travellers cheque businesses to foreign exchange specialists such as Thomas ...
Allahabad Bank intends to increase its exposure to agriculture credit by over 300 per cent as against the 30 per cent level set ...
Credit offtake in the banking sector has more than doubled to Rs 1,62,463 crore (year-on-year) as on August 6, 2004, from Rs ...
In a reversal of trend, public sector general insurance companies which have been steadily losing market share to their private ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) will shortly launch a Rs 500-crore venture capital fund for small ...
Want to experience the beauty of the Scottish Highlands and relax and unwind at the castle of the Chivas Brothers in the ...
Food for one financial intermediary, it seems, is poison for another.
Housing finance companies (HFCs) are wooing professionals ...
ICICI Bank today launched Hello Canada Newcomers Accountdesigned to provide instant access to banking services in Canada for ...
Close to 10-lakh bank employees nationwide will go on a one-day strike on Tuesday, demanding a revision in wages.

The Bank of Punjab (BoP) has announced a lowering of interest rates on all kinds of loans by one percentage point, with a view to ...
Standard & Poors, in line with the revision of outlook on sovereign rating, today raised its outlook on the ratings of State ...
Balance sheet clarity must
State Bank of India (SBI) will not be required to dip into its investment fluctuation reserve (IFR) to ward off the impact of ...
State Bank of India (SBI), the countrys largest commercial bank, is planning to mop up $250-500 million through a bond issue in ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to be raising its outlook on the inflation rate upwards to a range of 6-6.5 per ...
A division bench of Gujarat High Court on Thursday dismissed the writ petition filed by City Co-operative Bank Depositors ...
Infosys Technologies has announced that the State Bank of India has selected Finacle, a universal banking solution from Infosys, ...
Only eight of the 26 major commercial banks have managed to meet the target of lending 18 per cent of their net credit disbursals ...
Wipro Infotech has successfully completed a study of the risk assessment and disaster recovery of the information system of ...
The Bank of Rajasthans financial performance has improved significantly in the five years ended March 31, 2004.
Its net profit ...
Shareholders of the Surat-based City Co-operative Bank have demanded the removal of the banks administrator R R Waghasia for ...
Seafarers earning in dollars are no longer immediately converting their greenbacks into rupees, nor are they simply shopping for ...
The Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) will not be alone in hiking its lending rates.
LIC Housing Finance is also in ...
Capital Research, an investment wing of the Capital One group, bought 5,70,495 shares of Kotak Mahindra Bank in a block deal at a ...
Banks have asked the National Stock Exchange (NSE) for an early launch of exchange traded futures so as to have enough products ...
The Andhra Pradesh government is actively considering a proposal to raise Rs 2,500-5,000 crore through low-cost bonds from the ...
The Andhra Pradesh government is actively considering a proposal to raise Rs 2,500-5,000 crore through low-cost bonds from the ...
The next time you walk into a bank branch to buy a demand draft for Rs 100, please carry a change of 51 paise.
Why?
Well, you ...
ICICI OneSource Ltd (I-OneSource), a business process outsourcing (BPO) arm of ICICI Bank, today announced that it had signed ...
Housing finance major Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has sold its entire 12 per cent stake in SBI Home Finance in ...
The path for liquidating the Surat-based Suryapur Co-operative Bank has been cleared, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The New India Assurance Company will tie up with AMP Sanmar Life Insurance Company tomorrow.
This will be the first tie up of its ...
Defending the governments decision to merge the Global Trust Bank with the Oriental Bank of Commerce, Finance Minister P ...
Defending the governments decision to merge the Global Trust Bank with the Oriental Bank of Commerce, Finance Minister P ...
Centurion Bank will add 14 new branches to its network and recruit around 150 people in the current fiscal to expand business.
The government securities market received a jolt today when the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) lowered the cut-off prices  thereby ...
Domestic banks, after climbing the great wall of China, have now set sights on Malaysia.
Recently Bank of Baroda (BOB) opened a ...
The management of Centurion Bank is contemplating an employees stock option scheme (ESOP) which was likely to be offered after ...
Union Bank of India, in an effort to increase agriculture lending targets, will double the flow of credit to the sector in the ...
Andhra Bank and TVS Motor Company on Tuesday launched TVS Chakra, a scheme for enabling easy finance for two-wheelers across ...
Commercial banks have sought the opening of a window by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to buy back government securities from ...
State government and officials of the Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) on Tuesday claimed that the Reserve Bank of ...
Bank managements are on the warpath to stall any move by trade unions to disrupt their working in wake of the one-day strike on ...
The crisis-hit Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank has received a fresh lease of life, with the Central government extending ...
South Indian Co-operative Bank (SICB) has made a representation to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) urging it to revise the ...
Corporate papers with A rating provide good investment opportunities as their credit ratings have stabilised and financial ...
Pricing of insurance risks is declining and the non-life insurance markets in the Asian Pacific region have passed the cyclical ...
The competitive pressure on non-life insurance players to increase their topline even by risking their bottomline has taken a ...
Syndicate Bank is offering a special package of softer loan terms to eligible exporters under the SyndExport Gold Card scheme ...
Syndicate Bank is offering a special package of softer loan terms to eligible exporters under the SyndExport Gold Card scheme ...
The financial crisis at several co-operative banks in the state has led to panic among investors.
The financial crisis at several co-operative banks in the state has led to panic among investors.
Ahmedabad-based Shri Mahila Sewa Sahakari Bank (SEWA Bank), a co-operative bank working for the economic upliftment of poor and ...
Ahmedabad-based Shri Mahila Sewa Sahakari Bank (SEWA Bank), a co-operative bank working for the economic upliftment of poor and ...
The UK-headquartered Barclays Bank Plc will buy out the 50 per cent shareholding of Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd ...
Small and medium companies are trying to raise their borrowing limits and their equity bases.

Ferguson fifth CA firm to join Deloitte.
In a bid to make General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) a leaner organisation now that it has to compete with other ...
In a bid to make General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) a leaner organisation now that it has to compete with other ...
In what could be a first in the history of banking mergers in the country, the erstwhile Global Trust Bank (GTB) may be accorded ...
In what could be a first in the history of banking mergers in the country, the erstwhile Global Trust Bank (GTB) may be accorded ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has moved the Union finance ministry seeking an amendment to the Income Tax Act.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has moved the Union finance ministry seeking an amendment to the Income Tax Act.
JP Morgan Chase Bank is boosting its Indian outfit by adding more employees across all segments  research, sales and ECM ...
Union Bank of India, to ramp up its international business, has sought the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) approval to set up a ...
Union Bank of India, to ramp up its international business, has sought the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) approval to set up a ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has appointed Deloitte & Touche as consultant to prepare a roadmap for prudent risk management. ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has appointed Deloitte & Touche as consultant to prepare a roadmap for prudent risk management. ...
The Maharashtra State Co-operative Banks Association today cried foul on the step-motherly treatment given to co-operative ...
The Maharashtra State Co-operative Banks Association today cried foul on the step-motherly treatment given to co-operative ...
The Reserve Bank of India today put the Mumbai-based Maratha Mandir Co-operative Bank under "directives," restraining it from ...
Walk into any supermarket, bank, post office, ATM, Internet kiosk or departmental store today and you can pick up an insurance ...
Yield on government securities dropped after a week-long rise following the re-introduction of one-day repo by the Reserve Bank ...
Starts operations in Mauritius; plans to enter Maldives, Botswana & Seychelles.
After South Indian Co-operative Bank in Mumbai and City Co-op Bank in Surat, two more co-operative banks in the countrys ...
The Gujarat government has initiated action against several people allegedly responsible for the collapse of over two dozen urban ...
All 103 GTB branches would function as branches of Oriental Bank.
Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar has asked co-operative banks to find ways and means to reduce the cost of capital to be able to ...
Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar has asked co-operative banks to find ways and means to reduce the cost of capital to be able to ...
Market value shrinks 8.06% since March 31.
Relaxation of controls on lending in public sector banks both by reducing public ownership and reforming incentive structure is a ...
Relaxation of controls on lending in public sector banks both by reducing public ownership and reforming incentive structure is a ...
Around Rs 4.50 crore was withdrawn from branches and ATMs of UTI Bank in Gujarat.

Panicky depositors of the Surat-based City Co-operative Bank thronged its branches on Thursday to withdraw money after the ...
Gujarat Industrial Co-operative Bank (GICB) branches saw depositors thronging their cash counters on Thursday, apparently ...
The 1,300-odd employees of Global Trust Bank (GTB) may have to face a cut in salaries.
GTB has salary scales which are ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is aggressively selling dollars through major public sector banks to support the rupee and ...
Rising interest rates have meant a notional loss for life insurance companies, while it is a win-and-lose proposition for ...
Rising yield rates have shaved off Rs 63,483 crore from the value of government bonds in the current fiscal year till August 11, ...
The government securities yield curve has stiffened since the beginning of the new financial year.
The spread between overnight ...
Canara Bank has entered into a strategic alliance with HDFC Mutual Fund for cross-selling he latter's schemes initially at 60 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today directed IndusInd Bank to drop PriceWaterhouse Coopers as its auditor.
PwC has been the ...
The quarterly Crisil Composite Performance Rankings carried out by Crisil FundServices for the quarter ended June indicate that ...
Small rate hikes have no impact on outgo.

Finance Ministry zeroes in on 9 commodities for duty cut
Finance Ministry zeroes in on 9 commodities for duty cut
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is increasing its thrust on agricultural lending during this fiscal and plans to double this segment ...
SBI Mutual Fund, one of the largest bank sponsored mutual funds in the country, has tied up with Andhra Bank to distribute its ...
The Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) is preparing to reply to a notice issued by the Gujarat High Court ...
When I get older, losing my hair, Many years from now, Will you still be sending me a Valentine, Birthday greeting, bottle of ...
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) today conducted raids on offices and residence of senior officials of Bank of ...
Four major banks, including State Bank of India and ICICI Bank, have been appointed as the preferred banks for extending loans to ...
The Rs 90.8 crore rights issue of Centurion Bank will open on August 24, and will close on September 22.

The hike in interest rates by US and British central banks has not deterred the plans of the countrys two largest banks  ICICI ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), a regulatory body for chartered accountants, has been pulled up by the ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), a regulatory body for chartered accountants, has been pulled up by the ...
The government was not averse to mega merger of banks and financial institutions like IDBI and IFCI, if all stipulated norms of ...
Nutan Nagarik Sahakari Bank (NNSB) chairman Parthiv Adhyaru said on Monday that, while it is necessary to revive the Madhavpura ...
Retail loan companies asset profile may be worse than conventional methods to measure defaults suggest, according to a study by ...
The Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) has sanctioned Rs 140 crore out of the Rs 240 crore claimed by the ...
Taking a defiant stance, the Ahmedabad-based Nutan Nagarik Sahakari Bank has stated that the Deposit Insurance Credit Guarantee ...
RBI tightening monetary policy & a possible 0.5% point hike in repo rate led to the fall.

Kotak Mahindras overseas partner Old Mutual Plc in Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd is keen on increasing its stake ...
Business houses and companies that have moved into the financial sector in a big way had better beware  big brother is ...
HDFC Bank is planning to give its merchant acquiring business a big push.
It has already set up around 40,000 electronic data ...
The Central Board of Trustees (CBT) is learnt to have asked the finance ministry to continue with the special deposit scheme ...
The Reserve bank of India (RBI) has initiated an audit of the liquidity condition in South Indian Co-operative Bank (SICB).
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday put the Mumbai-based South Indian Co-operative Bank (SICB) under a directive ...
Indias foreign exchange reserves dipped by $1.26 billion to $118.32 billion in the week ended July 30, 2004, from $119.58 ...
HDFC Bank has sought the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) permission to increase its exposure to the capital market.
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) does not see the recent 0.25 per cent hike in housing loan interest rates ...
The Reserve Bank of India, taking forward the liberalisation in external sector, is mulling over a proposal to increase the ...
Wall Street Finance, a leader in the forex and inward roney remittance business, has reported a 13% increase in net profit at Rs ...
Despite the reduced rate, the EPFO would make a projected loss of Rs 206 crore in 2004-05.
Despite the reduced rate, the EPFO would make a projected loss of Rs 206 crore in 2004-05.
The stock market has little doubt about who is winning the corporate shootout in the banking sector: it gives HDFC Bank a ...
Global Trust Bank (GTB) has reported a 197.9 per cent increase in net loss for the financial year ended March 31, 2004.

Interest rates on short-term bank loans are poised to go up, with the rate of inflation having risen to 7.51 per cent, though ...
The Securities and Exchange Board India (Sebi) chairman G N Bajpai on Monday denied reports of the government seeking ...
The Punjab National Bank (PNB), a stake-holder of the National Multi-Commodity Exchange is set to launch a warehouse receipt (WR) ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has directed all mutual funds to furnish details of their investments in fixed ...
Transaction costs for exporters to fall.

Transaction costs for exporters to fall.

Chakravarty Rangarajan, chairman of the 12th Finance Commission, today made a strong pitch for higher real interest rates for ...
Bankers have adopted a wait and watch policy before increasing their deposits and corporate lending rates even as the retail ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today admitted that the current rise in the inflation rate was way above its expectations.
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has launched a pilot project in six districts of Andhra Pradesh, ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has launched a pilot project in six districts of Andhra Pradesh, ...
The state run Employees Provident Fund (EPF) have invested close to Rs 60,000 crore in poor quality assets, and the possibility ...
The state run Employees Provident Fund (EPF) have invested close to Rs 60,000 crore in poor quality assets, and the possibility ...
Urban co-operative banks in the state feel that the recent circular by the Reserve Bank of India asking them to classify their ...
Inflation numbers rip off bonds, rupee see-saws
States offering free power to farmers to be hit.
States offering free power to farmers to be hit.
The Repatriates Co-operative Finance and Development Bank Limited (Repco Bank), which has been working under the jurisdiction of ...
Insurer Max New York Life plans to strengthen its presence in Gujarat in the next one year, managing director and chief executive ...
The bond market was not amused by the chief economic advisors recent remarks on inflation turning out to be so far off the mark. ...
Even as most housing finance companies are grappling with rising interest rates, BHW Birla Home Finance Ltd has dropped its rate ...
The finance ministry has given a clean chit to Centurion Bank just before its proposed rights issue of Rs 90.8 crore slated by ...
The Centre has rejected the Rs 500 crore revival grant sought by the crisis-ridden Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has extended a Rs 2,000 crore loan to Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd (REC). ...
With an aim to leverage emerging asset classes and to offer customers a varied product base, Kotak Mahindra Bank is launching ...
Market cap of the sample of 38 banks declined by Rs 4,231 crore or 3.70%.
With the point to point inflation rate having shot past the 7 per cent mark, the government has a problem on its hand in ...
With the point to point inflation rate having shot past the 7 per cent mark, the government has a problem on its hand in ...
Responding to an appeal from the Chairman of State Bank of India the State Bank of India Staff Association has with drawn its ...
The eastern region office of Small Industries development Bank of India (Sidbi) has targeted a Rs 350 crore sanction figure for ...
The Deposit Insurance Guarantee Corporation of India (DICGC) has sent a letter to multi state co-operative banks (banks that are ...
In its revised proposal for private banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may do away with the suggestion of 10 per cent holding ...
In yet another attempt to bring the co-operative banks on par with commercial banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed ...
IDBI Home Finance will be dissolved following the merger of Industrial Development Bank
of India (IDBI) with IDBI Bank.
Home ...
The RBIs focus on risk-based supervision for banks, although in itself certainly worthy, seems somewhat incongruous when you ...
Deutsche Bank expects Indias growth rate to continue and has pegged it at seven per cent for the current fiscal.

Andhra Bank on Wednesday launched its first co-branded credit card in association with the city-based ICFAI University.

The Centre has rejected the Rs 500 crore revival grant sought by the crisis-ridden Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank ...
Hero Honda, in association with SBI Cards, on Wednesday launched the Hero Honda SBI Credit Card for members of the automobile ...
Aviva Plc expects India to increase its contribution to its global balance sheet with a hike in foreign direct investment (FDI) ...
BankMuscat, the largest bank in the Sultanate of Oman, has opened a Rs 188 crore line of credit to assist Centurion Bank in its ...
Centurion Bank has cleaned up the balance sheet by setting aside adequate provisions for bad loans and by significant capital ...
After more than five years during which interest rates on housing loans moved only downwards, the first signs of reversal have ...
Interest spread rises 35.7% for private banks.

Rating agency Crisil today stated that customers ought not to see all banks in the same light.
IndusInd Bank is exiting large-sized corporate accounts which are yielding low returns to focus more on small and medium ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) will go for more takeovers to enhance balance sheet, post-merger with IDBI Bank. ...
Public sector banks (PSBs), yet to come to terms with the lower profit growth in the recent quarter, have decided to hedge their ...
16 of 17 dealers made trading losses in Q1.
Standard & Poor's (S&P) Ratings Services today said the proposed merger between the Industrial Development Bank of India ...
A double whammy will soon be landing on those planning to take a home loan: not only will they have to contend with higher ...
IndusInd Bank has embarked on a human resource (HR) integration following the merger of Ashok Leyland Finance (ALF) with itself. ...
Whats in a name?
Clearly a great deal as the erstwhile Allianz Bajaj Life Insurance Company realises, having changed its ...
The government securities market felt easy for a short while yesterday after reassuring statements coming from both the finance ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cancelled the licence of Sri Patni Co-operative Bank (SPCB) which has over 24,000 ...
The financial sector, affected by the collapse of Global Trust Bank (GTB), has raised concerns over banks exposure to equities. ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has topped the private life insurance sector in the large-ticket group insurance business with a ...
In view of the heavy opposition against the guideline barring more than 10 per cent holding by a single entity in a private bank, ...
The customs department, in what promises to blow up into a full scale turf war with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has blamed ...

The moratorium on Global Trust Bank and its subsequent shotgun wedding with the Oriental Bank of Commerce in the interest of ...
The recent failure of the Global Trust Bank (GTB) begs the question: how can the average account holder assess the quality  and ...
The Arizona-based eFunds, which was using India as a base for its call center activity to service clients in the US and Europe, ...
The Mumbai-based chartered accountancy firm M P Chitale & Co has been appointed to conduct a due diligence exercise on Global ...
With the Supreme Court directing Charotar Nagarik Sahakari Banks former managing director Dipak Patel and his two brothers to ...
Should the GTB shareholder be protected?
Despite inflation hovering over the 6 per cent mark, the Reserve Bank of India on Friday said it would not change the inflation ...
The Insurance Brokers Association of India (IBAI), the only trade body of licensed insurance brokers, has appealed to the ...
Even as doubts are being raised over whether the beleaguered Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) will be revived, a ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) on Friday made a representation to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) asking the government to consider ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is contemplating relaxing the limits put for electronic fund transfer (EFT) and electronic ...
The swap ratio for the IDBI-IDBI Bank merger is likely to be 1:1 because of the financial institutions majority stake in the ...
Indian Overseas Bank is hoping that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will make a deviation from the rules and allow it to retain ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has reported a 55 per cent drop in its net profit for the quarter ended June 30, ...
Dena Bank has posted a 25.75 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 36.72 crore for the first quarter ended June 30,2004, as ...
Bank of India has posted a 20.2 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 162.69 crore for the quarter ended 30 June 2004 as compared ...
Andhra Bank has reported a 26.5 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 150.16 crore in the first quarter ended June 30, 2004, compared ...
Human resource management is a key challenge that the merged entity Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and IDBI Bank ...
IDBI Bank has been upgraded to AA+ from A on account of the merger with Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), said ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has got a dream deal with the government deciding to pump in Rs 9,000 crore ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) are stepping up vigilance on spending under the Kisan Credit Card (KCC) scheme following instances of ...
Within 72 hours of each other, two new generation private sector banks have disappeared from the scene.

The promoters of IndusInd Bank, the Hindujas, intend to offload around 30 per cent to three foreign banks located in west Asia, ...
The advances of State Bank of India (SBI) to the agriculture sector in Gujarat have increased four-fold in the 2003-04 fiscal to ...
Indian banks IT investments will turn skewed if tech investments in branches fail to match that of the other customer banking ...
Asset base of Rs 80,000 crore will give new entity 7th rank in assets ranking.
Merged entity to function as commercial bank.
Karnataka Bank Limited has recently launched a Gold Card Scheme for exporters.

Punjab National Bank has reported a 28.2 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 322.67 crore in the first quarter of 2004-05 ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce has registered a 27 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 181 crore for the quarter-ended June 2004 ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) chairman and managing director P S Shenoy on Wednesday said the bank would construct a new corporate office ...
If statistics are anything to go by, the dice seem to be loaded against entrepreneur-led private sector banks.
Consider this: of ...
SBI our only benchmark: Damodaran.

'Exclude ADR/GDR from foreign holding cap in public banks'.
Merchant bankers might well end-up becoming quasi-regulators with limited powers to regulate other intermediaries if the thinking ...
LIC Housing Finance has posted a 23 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 41.87 crore for the first quarter ended June 2004 as ...
Centurion Banks rights issue worth Rs 90.8 crore is likely to hit the market on August 16 and the allotment is expected be ...
IndusInd Banks net profit for the quarter ended June 30, 2004, rose by 84.57 per cent to Rs 45.48 crore against Rs 24.64 crore ...
Bank of Rajasthans (BoR) net profit for the quarter ended June 2004 fell by 21.25 per cent to Rs 20.15 crore against Rs 25.59 ...
Mergers and amalgamations will be the rule of the game in Indian banking sector in the next 3-5 years.

The shareholders of Global Trust Bank (GTB), who saw the value of their holdings vanish as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The moratorium on Global Trust Bank (GTB) has put state-run oil marketing companies in a spot of bother as a number of their ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), is considering two proposals to tackle the ...
The Oriental Bank of Commerce is estimating Global Trust Banks losses at around Rs 750 crore in the current financial year.
Even though the rupee has begun to slide in the international markets, especially against the dollar, the Budget estimates of the ...
Even though the rupee has begun to slide in the international markets, especially against the dollar, the Budget estimates of the ...
The finance ministry has clarified that the financial sector secretary, NS Sisodia, had made no statement to suggest the ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) plans to open temporary accounts for the customers who have salary accounts with Global Trust ...
The Jamnagar Nagarik Sahakari Bank, established in 1955, has finally been liquidated.
The state registrar of co-operatives passed ...
The Global Trust Bank (GTB) episode raises a large number of issues relating to banking practices, and banks ability to manage ...
PSB may enter into strategic alliances like insurance & credit card: Panel.

Bank of Baroda (BoB) has recorded a 19.85 per cent increase in its net profit at Rs 293 crore for the first quarter ended June ...
State Bank of India (SBI) reported an 18 per cent increase in its net profit for the first quarter of the current fiscal at Rs ...
At a time when private sector insurers are eagerly waiting for the formal clearance of the Union Budgets foreign direct ...
Corporate clients, maintaining cash credit limits with Global Trust Bank (GTB), are understood to have sought the Reserve Bank of ...
ICICI Bank has introduced a pre-approved personal loan product for Global Trust Bank (GTB) customers.

The Global Trust Bank management had given marching orders to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) as auditor of the bank after the ...
The promoters of Global Trust Bank (GTB) were given time till July 31 to furnish the balance sheet, which was showing losses of ...
The GTB management proposes to initiate talks with the Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) to sort the issue of salary accounts ...
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) will shortly issue the letter of inquiry to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), ...
Housing finance firms and banks are going out of their way to accommodate depositors of the now-defunct Global Trust Bank in ...
Federal Bank has registered a 20 per cent increase in net profit for the first quarter of this fiscal at Rs 45.03 crore compared ...
The decision by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to amalgamate Global Trust Bank (GTB) with Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) failed ...
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) choice of Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) to takeover Global Trust Bank's (GTB) assets and ...
The extraordinary events surrounding the Global Trust Bank raise several questionsabout the quality of private bank managements, ...
Ramesh Gelli, one of the promoters of Global Trust Bank, has blamed the 2001 stock market fall and violations of internal ...
Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) Chairman BD Narang on Monday said he would be able to recover 40-45 per cent of the Rs 1,500 ...
No share swap after amalgamation; GTB depositors to get their money back.

Vijaya Bank reported a 20.58 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 97.55 crore for the quarter ended June 2004.
Total income edged ...
Kotak Mahindra Banks net profit for the quarter ended June 2004-05 rose 14 per cent to Rs 22.06 crore against Rs 19.34 crore in ...
We have been advised by Reserve Bank of India that in exercise of powers conferred by sub-section (2) of section 45 of the ...
The Global Trust Bank management expressed hope that it will be able to find a solution to the banks problems within the ...
New private sector banks are those that were set up after the industry was opened up in the early 1990s.
In all, 10 new banks ...
The central government yesterday extended sovereign guarantee to all deposits lying with the beleaguered Global Trust Bank (GTB) ...
After a harrowing Saturday, normalcy was returning to the Global Trust Bank (GTB) branches across the country on Sunday.

Much as Global Trust Banks (GTB) name was latched on with a host of foreign banks as possible suitors, the foreign banking ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is expected to impose delivery on trades in Global Trust Bank stocks.
It might ...
In a moratorium, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) imposes a freeze on a banks liabilities.
There is a restriction on all banking ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had decided on Friday to impose a three-month moratorium on Global Trust Bank (GTB).
The Reserve Bank of India is considering a proposal to allow private sector mutual funds to do bill rediscounting to help tide ...
Its the usual story of window dressing.
The credit growth of banks for the fortnight ended June 25 was Rs 10,174 crore.
But the ...
There could be only one way for the rate of inflation that climbed to 6.52 per cent for the week ended July 9 unless the Reserve ...
The news of the moratorium on Global Trust Bank (GTB) which had spread like wild fire since Saturday afternoon continued to make ...
Several companies in the state which have accounts with Global Trust Bank are worried following the sudden developments at the ...
The sudden developments at the Global Trust Bank (GTB) have come as shock to the people of Gujarat, who have already suffered ...
Corporates asked to make alternate arrangements for salary a/cs.
Official response on safety fail to soothe depositors.
Recovery our strength, 40% recovery to turn GTB net worth +ve: OBC CMD.
No share swap for GTB shareholders.
Move likely to spell doom for several urban co-operative banks.
The shareholders of Global Trust Bank are unlikely to get anything from what is left of the private sector bank.
With ...
Other banks may be approached, RBI not averse to foreign banks as suitors.
The operating profits of J&K Bank for the first quarter ending June 30, 2004 stood at Rs 115.12 crore and the net profit ...
The massive foreign investment expected in Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) public offer over the next few weeks is unlikely to ...
The Central government announced the issue of bonds to the erstwhile Unit Trust of India (UTI) in order to meet the latters ...
Global rating agency Standard and Poors (S&P) has assigned a foreign currency BB/stable/B rating to ICICI Banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has called a meeting of all bank chiefs on July 30 to discuss the Basle II norms that would be ...
Reserve Bank of India governor Y V Reddy said the central bank wants to formulate the guidelines of foreign banks operations in ...
IDBI Bank has lost one more senior executive amid uncertainty over parent Industrial Development Bank of Indias plan to convert ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is contemplating to hike its stake in the Multicommodity Exchange (MCX) by 8 per cent, taking the ...
Uncertainty prevails over the fate of deposits made by about 60 co-operative banks in the beleaguered Madhavpura Mercantile ...
Withdrawals limited to Rs 10,000.
Rupee at a 1-year low; Gilt, bank rates turn negative.
ICICI Bank has reported a 27 per cent jump in its net profit to Rs 431 crore in the first quarter of 2004-05.
State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to strengthen its agriculture sector financing by recruiting over 500 graduates this year ...
Treasury profits of commercial banks have taken a hit in the first quarter of the financial year ended on June 30, 2004, owing to ...
A decline in treasury profits has pulled down UCO Banks operating profit to Rs 250 crore in the first quarter of the current ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company has renewed the hydrology risk cover for the Malana Power Company for a coverage of Rs 10 ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) has asked non-life insurance companies to review their composite policies ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) widened the definition of priority sector lending by including bank investments in ...
Corporation Bank has announced a 17 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 105.51 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2004. ...
State Bank of India (SBI) topped the list of corporate tax payers by paying Rs 234 crore to the government for the first quarter ...
Icra on Wednesday signed a deal with Bulgarian Credit Rating Agency (BCRA). In keeping with the memorandum of understanding ...
The Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC), which is buying Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) 50 per cent stake in ...
The markets flared up at the fag-end of the trading day after Finance Minister P Chidambaram announced changes in the proposed ...
Rate slashed for day traders; Tax to yield Rs 1,000 crore.
The combined net profit of public sector banks (PSBs) increased 34.6 per cent during 2003-04 to Rs 16,546 crore compared with a ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), along with the Union Bank of India, has come out with a way to circumvent the ...
IDBI Banks net profit in the quarter ended June 2004-05 increased by 64 per cent to Rs 36.7 crore against Rs 22.3 crore in the ...
Rating agency Crisil announced a 7 per cent rise in net profit to Rs 3.90 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2004, ...
Having shot past at least two of its peers in the public sector, Kolkata-based National Insurance Company Ltd (NIC) plans on ...
Transaction tax may be cut for day traders, bond dealers.

After agriculture, small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are high on banks investment list.
Attractive returns of around 8 per ...
State-run banks accounted for 49.6 per cent of total deposits placed with all banks in the country during the year ended March ...
The proposal to integrate the capital markets of Singapore and India capital markets as part of a comprehensive economic ...
Canara Banks net profit for the first quarter ended June 30, 2004 grew 31.50 per cent to Rs 336.44 crore, up from Rs 255.85 ...
Standard Chartered Bank, the largest foreign bank in the country, has chalked out a plan to accelerate its business in Gujarat. ...
Central Bank of India proposes to restructure its capital base with a tier-II issue of around Rs 200 crore and public float of ...
Home finance major Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC) today announced a 22 per cent jump in its first-quarter net ...
PSU general insurance firms looking at 'bundling' risks in one cover.
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) may consider the issue of inducting nominee directors in MP Birla companies after ...
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) is understood to have taken a decision to review all cases with recoverable arrears ...
Syndicate Bank has posted a 22.97 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 125.24 crore for the quarter ended June 2004, over the ...
The Agriculture Insurance Company of India (AIC) proposes to bring at least 25 per cent farmers under crop insurance coverage by ...
Finance Minister P Chidambarams proposed transaction tax has run into unexpected resistance from within the government itself, ...
Finance Minister P Chidambarams proposed transaction tax has run into unexpected resistance from within the government itself, ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the largest domestic player in the capital market, proposes to change its investment ...
Housing Development Corporation of India (HDFC) will pick up 10 per cent stake in Egyptian Housing Finance Corporation (EHFC) for ...
The Bhavnagar-based State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) has recovered dues worth Rs 21.44 lakh through the Debt Recovery Tribunal ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) which had initiated a due-diligence exercise at Industrial Investment Bank of India ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is keeping a close tab on the increasing pressure on the rupee to depreciate against the dollar ...
The Surat district and sessions court on Friday granted anticipatory bail to former BJP Rajya Sabha member Kanaksinh Mangrola in ...
The Bhavnagar-based State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) has recovered dues worth Rs 21.44 lakh through the Debt Recovery Tribunal ...
Have a torn currency note?
No problem.
Just go to a select Reserve Bank of India (RBI) regional office and drop the note
along ...
Tired of standing in that serpentine queue to book a movie ticket?
Just drop in at the nearest IDBI Bank automatic teller machine ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has proposed a debt swap scheme to the states in order to participate in various ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance has targeted a 80 per cent growth in first premium income for the current year at Rs 855 crore.
Sum ...
Bank of India (BoI), in a bid to firm up its capital base in the wake of the Basle II norms, has decided to raise Rs 100 crore by ...
Asian Development Bank (ADB) will pump in an estimated $7 billion in India over a period of three years (2005-07).
The Calcutta High Court today directed the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) not to initiate any proceeding against ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is the first public sector bank to have been assigned a corporate governance rating (CGR).
Private players have contributed over 56 per cent of premium income in the non-life insurance industry in the first two months of ...
The Reserve Bank of India will re-look at export credit targets set for banks based on export credit turnover instead of ...
With the recent merger of Ashok Leyland Finance Ltd (ALFL) with IndusInd Bank, 132 of the total 168 branches of ALFL will be ...
IndusInd Bank, one of the countrys new private sector banks, has initiated tie-up talks with more than one foreign banks with ...
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) have declared a nation wide strike on August 24 in protest against Indian Bankers ...
Global bank HSBC has said the Reserve Bank of Indias proposal restricting foreign banks investment in local banks may prompt it ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) today announced the sale of its 37 per cent stake in its mutual fund arm, SBI Fund Management, to ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank on Wednesday opened its fifth branch in Gujarat in Rajkot.
The life insurance industry will lobby against the Union Budgets proposal to impose service tax on insurance premium, which is ...
The much awaited self-regulatory organisation for non-banking finance companies, christened Finance Industry Development Council ...
UTI Bank today announced a 35.44 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 70.67 crore for the first quarter (April-June) of financial ...
HDFC Bank announced a 30.5 per cent jump in net profit for the first quarter (April-June) of financial year 2004-05 at Rs 139.97 ...
Intelenet Global Services, the equal joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) and Tata Consultancy ...
UTI Bank has announced its unaudited results for the first quarter of FY 2004-05 following the approval of its Board of Directors ...
The Central Board of Trustees of the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has deferred a decision on the rate at which ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has made a representation to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for exempting it from ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has given a detailed discussion paper to the finance ministry stating that the per transaction ...
Commercial paper (CP) issuances are on the rise.
Total outstanding amount of new issues has gone up by 53.5 per cent to Rs 10,910 ...
The Central Board of Trustees of the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has deferred a decision on the rate at which ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 2,538.19 crore under the Rural Infrastructure ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned Rs 2,538.19 crore under the Rural Infrastructure ...
State Bank of India (SBI) expects to generate loan proposals worth Rs 150 crore, up from Rs 130 crore received last year, at the ...
In a bid to be competitive with the financial institutions and banks, West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC) has ...
In a bid to be competitive with the financial institutions and banks, West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC) has ...
Govt paper down on transaction tax worries.

The Indian Bank Association (IBA) has finalised three schemes for farm sector lending.
UCO Bank chairman and managing director V P Shetty said that the new draft norms on ownership and governance of private banks ...
The Central Board of Trustees (CBT) of the employees provident fund organisation (EPFO) is likely to defer a decision on setting ...
The Central Board of Trustees (CBT) of the employees provident fund organisation (EPFO) is likely to defer a decision on setting ...
The US-headquartered Metropolitan Life Insurance will be the single largest shareholder in the domestic joint venture MetLife ...
Twenty-one foreign banks collectively earned a net profit of Rs 2,019 crore from their Indian operations in financial year ...
Icra, the credit rating agency, and B2K, a BPO start-up, launched Brickwork, an investment research analysis service across ...
Surely not knowing what lay in store from them, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) mopped up 6.78 crore shares of public ...
Indian promoters of insurance joint ventures are apprehensive that with foreign direct investment (FDI) limits proposed to be ...
The government is set to allow two private banks, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, to increase their exposure to the capital market.
The ...
The All Gujarat Co-operative Banks Depositors and Account Holders Association has demanded the dismissal of Suresh Dalwadi, the ...
Vijaya Bank on Saturday launched the banks second city specific credit card  the Hyderabad Card. The bank had earlier ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks that suppliers and buyers credit, including letter of credit (LCs), extended ...
The bond markets virtually came to grinding halt on Friday last week in sharp reaction to the imposition of the transaction tax ...
Insurance FDI welcome
Union Bank of India has tied up with SBI Life to provide a group life insurance scheme for housing loan borrowers in Andhra ...
Industrial Development Bank of Indias (IDBI) stressed assets portfolio will drastically come down with the government decision ...
Next time you go to a bank counter to buy a demand draft or open a locker to keep your valuables, you will have to cough up a ...
Global rating agency Moodys is paying close attention to the Budget.

Standard & Poors Ratings Services on Friday said finance minister P Chidambarams Budget indicates the countrys desire for ...
Finance minister P Chidambarams proposal in the Union Budget to make interest income from non-resident external (NRE) deposits ...
Senior citizens have cause to cheer with the government deciding not to lower their returns in keeping with market-related ...
An inter-institutional group (IIG) of banks and financial institutions will pool their resources worth Rs 40,000 crore and target ...
The Union Budget has sought to rejuvenate regional rural banks (RRBs) and co-operative banks to ensure improved credit flow to ...
Provident funds (PFs) heaved a sigh of relief as the finance minister today decided to continue with the special deposit scheme ...
The governments decision to amend the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest ...
At least some of the private sector banks are ready to take advantage of the governments decision to enhance banks capital ...
Foreign insurance companies to rush in following FDI hike in the sector.
Total return on the Government of India (GOI) bond index works out to 11.9 per cent inclusive of the coupons and capital gains in ...
Total return on the Government of India (GOI) bond index works out to 11.9 per cent inclusive of the coupons and capital gains in ...
The downward rigidity in lending rates poses a major concern for the Indian economy as majority of borrowers are denied the ...
The downward rigidity in lending rates poses a major concern for the Indian economy as majority of borrowers are denied the ...
Where is the economy headed?
Where is the economy headed?
Interest rates, which are ruling at three-decade lows, may rise on the back of a stubbornly high fiscal deficit and rising demand ...
Interest rates, which are ruling at three-decade lows, may rise on the back of a stubbornly high fiscal deficit and rising demand ...
Where is the economy headed?
Where is the economy headed?
The economy has ended its third year with a positive balance of payments (BoP) on both current and capital accounts.
The economy has ended its third year with a positive balance of payments (BoP) on both current and capital accounts.
Banks have fallen short of meeting their sub-targets for lending to the agriculture and weaker sections of society.
Banks have fallen short of meeting their sub-targets for lending to the agriculture and weaker sections of society.
The Economic Survey has predicted that the present surge in capital flows will continue in the medium term with the improvement ...
The Economic Survey has predicted that the present surge in capital flows will continue in the medium term with the improvement ...
The Economic Survey expressed hope that Indian exports would continue to grow despite the rupees rise against the dollar.

The Economic Survey expressed hope that Indian exports would continue to grow despite the rupees rise against the dollar.

The Union ministry of labour is learnt to be concerned about the proposed 10-year marketable government securities because these ...
IndusInd Bank Limited plans to convert the 132 branches of Ashok Leyland Finance Limited (ALFL) across the country, which merged ...
Development Credit Bank
(DCB) has bought home and personal loan portfolio aggregating Rs 220 crore from ICICI Bank.
With this ...
A day ahead of the Union Budget, Export-Import Bank of India, raised $ 250 million five year bond at 185 basis points over five ...
Banks will find it difficult to raise capital following the recent Reserve Bank of India (RBI) diktat to club their ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has asked co-operative banks and regional rural banks to double ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has asked co-operative banks and regional rural banks to double ...
PSBs & financial institutions cannot acquire more than 5% stake in another bank's equity.

Hundreds of depositors of Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank, which is lying closed since August 2002, staged a dharna outside the ...
The role of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has changed from regulation and control to delegation and liberalisation.
Banks have ...
The moratorium on private farm loans declared by the state government, instead of helping farmers, has undermined their credit ...
The moratorium on private farm loans declared by the state government, instead of helping farmers, has undermined their credit ...
All the banks in Andhra Pradesh, including co-operative banks and regional rural banks (RRBs), are committed to ensure that all ...
All the banks in Andhra Pradesh, including co-operative banks and regional rural banks (RRBs), are committed to ensure that all ...
Also new schemes targeted at the rural masses and poor expected in the forthcoming Budget.
The centres emphasis on farm lending has banks reworking their strategy for lending to the agriculture sector.

Private banks, both old and new, are planning to move the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as well as the finance ministry in a bid to ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) wants to retain its holding in UTI Bank and Corporation Bank despite the new ...
Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance expects its first premium income to jump up 2.5 times this fiscal to Rs 300 crore.

Strong consumer sentiment coupled with higher credit card penetration in non-metro cities has pushed up credit card spends in ...
The four public sector general insurance companies will seek the Union finance ministrys permission to pitch for the personal ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) yesterday announced that it would place a second draft of the policy in public domain for ...
Deployment of foreign exchange reserves of the Reserve Bank of India in securities has gone by 30 per cent while deposits with ...
State-owned banks, which are normally buyers when the bond markets are depressed, have turned sellers this time round.

ICICI Bank will cut its holdings in Federal Bank and South Indian Bank (SIB) following the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) proposal ...
New RBI norms to relieve ING, disappoint HSBC.

The government is learnt to be considering market borrowings of around Rs 1,60,000 crore through central government dated ...
Karur Vysya Bank (KVB), a private scheduled commercial bank, is expecting a 25 per cent increase in its business volumes to Rs ...
Advances made by banks for setting up agro-processing/ cold storage projects, supply of inputs to agriculture, and construction ...
Banks in Gujarat have achieved the benchmarks set by Reserve Bank of India under the agriculture sector lending and priority ...
Fund board suggests tax on withdrawals above Rs 20,000.
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) will face a problem on meeting solvency margin in the next 4-5 years unless the ...
Strong consumer sentiment coupled with higher credit card penetration in non-metro cities has pushed up spending via credit cards ...
Officials of over 100 co-operative banks across the state, including chairmen and managing directors, received lessons in ...
If you are over 50 years old and have still not planned your retirement, the Budget may prove to be in your favour.

Chidambaram examining proposal to amalgamate IDBI, IFCI, IIBI & IDFC.
Chidambaram examining proposal to amalgamate IDBI, IFCI, IIBI & IDFC.
Based on a review of practices followed by the state Co-operative Bank (SCB) and the district central co-operative banks (DCCBs) ...
The Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), as part of its international housing finance initiative, is all set to take a ...
Bond prices rallied, responding favourably to the inflation figure of 5.87 per cent for the week ended June 19.
The turnaround in the steel sector and improved working performance of private sector companies assisted by the Industrial ...
Banks want the threshold limit for referring cases to the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell to be pared to Rs 15 crore from ...
Depositors of Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank damaged a car belonging to the bank on Friday and shouted slogans against loan ...
The proposed Reserve Bank of India (RBI) norms may trigger consolidation among private sector banks going by its Comprehensive ...
Sourav likely to be a brand ambassador for ICICI Bank, ING Vysya Bank
& IndusInd Bank.
No pvt, foreign bank
can hold more than 5% in another pvt bank.

Bank of Baroda (BoB) today reduced interest rates on foreign currency non-repatriable - B (FCNR-B) deposits w.e.f June 30, 2004. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday set the cut-off yield in government paper auction at levels much higher than expected ...
IDBI to get pushy in retail banking.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has agreed to provide immediate cash assistance for the food-for-work programme to provide ...
It would be a tough call that Finance Minister P Chidambaram has to make on reducing the governments stake in state-owned banks ...
It would be a tough call that Finance Minister P Chidambaram has to make on reducing the governments stake in state-owned banks ...
The chiefs of four state-owned banks are believed to be in the reckoning for the top position at Union Bank of India even as ...
GIC Housing Finance plans to raise Rs 24 crore in this financial year via a rights issue (Rs 9 crore) and a bond issue (Rs 15 ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has seen a shift in product sales towards unit-linked plans in the first quarter of ...
The US Fed rate hike might not have altered the short-term view on local interest rates but it has forced bankers to revisit the ...
Public sector banks, though late entrants, have now become aggressive in selling insurance products.
Talks are underway with ...
Vittaldas Leeladhar, 57, chairman and managing director (CMD) of Union Bank of India, is set to be appointed as a deputy governor ...
Waning G-sec prices are buffetting the NAVs of gilt funds.

Confusion persists over payment of dues to the 179 retrenched employees of Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank even after a ...
Focussing on developing alternative channels of distribution, Bangalore-based ING Vysya Life Insurance, has entered into a ...
Corporation Bank has revised the interest rates offered on FCNR (B) deposits with effect from 30 June.

Union Bank of India, in association with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), will set up ...
The hottest financial product in the market today is the unit-linked insurance plan (ULIP), which promises all the upside of ...
Depositors of Visnagar Nagarik Sahakari Bank and Charottar Nagarik Sahakari Bank are still awaiting release of their insured ...
The Central Board of Trustees of the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) yesterday deferred to July 13 a decision on the ...
The Central Board of Trustees of the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) yesterday deferred to July 13 a decision on the ...
The ministry for non-resident Indian (NRI) affairs has sought the easing of restrictions on arbitrage opportunities for NRIs.
Banks nowadays have a new job at hand  educating the farming community.
And this has no social service angle to it.
Banks in an ...
The ministry for non-resident Indian (NRI) affairs has sought the easing of restrictions on arbitrage opportunities for NRIs.
Six of eight private insurers post profit in three years of setting up shop.
Amnesty for tax evaders ruled out.

Amnesty for tax evaders ruled out.

The growth in productivity of the 7,49,169 employees of the 27 public sector banks has slowed down in the financial year 2004.

Three associate banks of State Bank of India  State Bank of Patiala, State Bank of Indore and State Bank of Saurashtra  have ...
The current interest rate of 9.5 per cent paid on the Employees Provident Fund accumulations has left a hole of Rs 298.21 crore ...
The current interest rate of 9.5 per cent paid on the Employees Provident Fund accumulations has left a hole of Rs 298.21 crore ...
A team of the World Bank, led by country president Michael Carter, will visit Surat on July 5.
The visit follows the decision of ...
Maintaining stability in the financial system is the main challenge for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), according to Y V Reddy, ...
Among the plethora of funds announced by former Finance Minister Jaswant Singh, the Rs 50,000 crore Infrastructure and ...
Among the plethora of funds announced by former Finance Minister Jaswant Singh, the Rs 50,000 crore Infrastructure and ...
With the government able to borrow funds at less than 6 per cent, the finance ministry is likely to reduce the interest rate on ...
With the government able to borrow funds at less than 6 per cent, the finance ministry is likely to reduce the interest rate on ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will be opening its third branch in Bangladesh shortly.
It already has presence in Africa and other ...
The small and medium enterprise constitute an integral portion of economy and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has to see that ...
With new generation private banks increasing their footprint across the country, its churn time in the job market.
Senior and ...
Fund glut and a slowdown in corporate disbursals led to banks raising their lending to two sensitive sectors  capital markets ...
Real interest rates on up to 10-year gilts negative.
For the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), its time to change the old order for the new.
The insurance major is set to ...
Rising bond rates may not have a devastating impact on the bottomlines of commercial banks.

Andhra Bank expects its Chennai zone to register a growth of 33 per cent during the current fiscal.
The bank expects its total ...
Corporation Bank is planning to launch four new current account products  Corp Business Account, Corp Business Privilege ...
Banks may increase deposit and lending rates, waiting for Budget signals.
The Export Import Bank of India (Exim bank) will be raising $800 million from overseas markets.
In addition, it has firmed up ...
SUMANT SINHAPresident, Corporate Finance, Aditya Birla Group
Borrowers are flocking to fixed-rate loans.
Bond prices slump after inflation hits 5.9%.
Non-resident Indians (NRIs) seem disinclined to renewing or making fresh deposits with Indian banks.
The Gujarat High Court on Thursday lifted the stay order on the sale of properties of C R Patil, the prime accused in the Diamond ...
The Budget session of the Parliament is expected to see the passage of the Government Securities Act which will replace the ...
The merger of IFCI with Punjab National Bank (PNB) will push up the latters sticky assets to Rs 13,600 crore against Rs 4,670.13 ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has given approval to eight banks to float foreign exchange products for resident Indians under ...
There has been a steep fall in the number of non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) accepting deposits in Gujarat over the past ...
All branches of South Gujarat Local Area Bank will function as branches of Bank of Baroda (BoB) from June 25, 2004.

Close on the heels of revoking the licence of the Surat-based Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank, Bharuch district co-operatives ...
Chennai-based Bharat Overseas Bank Limited (BOBL) has announced a major focus on retail lending during the financial year ...
Andhra Bank has initiated talks with other commercial banks to create a consortium which could then finance major irrigation ...
The earthquake in Gujarat in 2001 and the communal riots in 2002 may have been disasters for many, but they have been a boon for ...
The earthquake in Gujarat in 2001 and the communal riots in 2002 may have been disasters for many, but they have been a boon for ...
The Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT) has upheld an appeal by Mardia Chemicals Ltd against a recovery suit filed by ICICI Bank on the ...
The Reserve Bank of India has stuck to its inflation forecast for the current fiscal, despite the rise in international oil ...
The Reserve Bank of India has stuck to its inflation forecast for the current fiscal, despite the rise in international oil ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance has reported a 227 per cent jump to touch Rs 100 crore for the financial year 2003-04. The premium ...
The Reserve Bank India (RBI) on Thursday announced that a crop loan granted for a short duration will be treated as ...
Market players are busy leveraging the arbitrage opportunity offered in money market instruments to cut losses in the foreign ...
LIC Mutual Fund is open to acquiring assets of other mutual funds.
We plan to increase the size of funds
under management to Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India said all branches of the South Gujarat Local Area Bank Ltd will function as branches of Bank of Baroda ...
The Reserve Bank of India directed all scheduled commercial banks to come out with a one-time settlement scheme for small and ...
Gross bank credit to housing increased 55.1 per cent in 2003-04 compared with a growth of 38.4 per cent in 2002-03 on account of ...
Partnering with banks, a model JP Morgan has adopted in most of the Asia Pacific region, has been a big success for the wholesale ...
The World Gold Council has urged the government to enable the Indian banking sector to participate more actively in retail gold ...
Banks are pumping in serious money into brand building and advertising.

Want to own that stunning wrist watch or furniture without emptying your pocket?
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a circular to all non-banking financial companies (NBFCs), miscellaneous non-banking ...
The Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, Ahmedabad, has ordered United India Insurance Company to pay Rs 2,07,149, with a 10 per ...
The Reserve Bank
of India (RBI) has terminated the licence of the beleaguered Surat-based Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank.
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is likely to declare a 20 per cent dividend for 2003-04, up from 16 per cent in the previous year.
The All India Bank Officers Confederation (AIBOC) has decided to go in for a nation-wide strike and other forms of agitation if ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of Indias (LIC) stake in LIC Housing Finance Ltd (LICHFL) will fall as the housing finance arms ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) recently asked the finance ministry to clear HSBCs plan to acquire a 15 per cent stake in UTI ...
Banks from China, Taiwan and the Middle East are lapping up Indian corporate paper in the overseas loan syndication market.

Being a bad customer is a losing proposition in more ways than one in banking, credit card and insurance relationships.
Rajkot Nagrik Sahakari Bank Ltd said it has become a zero-NPA (non-performing asset) bank.
Standard Chartered Bank reported a 29.72 per cent decline in lower profit after tax to Rs 596 crore in fiscal 2004 against ...
The government is unlikely to push for a large-scale neutralisation of high cost debt this fiscal, after having completed over a ...
The government is unlikely to push for a large-scale neutralisation of high cost debt this fiscal, after having completed over a ...
The Reserve Bank of India has decided to introduce graded higher provisioning according to the age of non-performing assets ...
The tie-up with Bank Muscat will boost Centurion Banks non-resident Indian (NRI)-related business.

The Indian Banks Association and the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development will shortly unveil guidelines ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to phase out excess exposures beyond the prescribed limits in case of single ...
Bank stocks received a hammering on Monday following the governments announcement on Friday that it planned to increase banks ...
Under pressure to ramp up exposure to farm loans, banks are planning to put in place a mechanism to monitor the end-use of funds: ...
President APJ Abdul Kalam yesterday asked the World Bank to assist India in its rural development in a big way for uplifting 700 ...
President APJ Abdul Kalam yesterday asked the World Bank to assist India in its rural development in a big way for uplifting 700 ...
ING Vysya Bank, which saw a 31 per cent fall in net profit to Rs 59 crore in 2003-04 from Rs 86 crore in 2002-03, is likely to ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) on Monday launched the Baroda Premium Current Account (BPCA) scheme, which will offer a free credit card, ...
Eleven public sector banks (PSBs) advances to the agriculture sector grew at 19.2 per cent in fiscal 2004 compared with a 12.8 ...
The fall in sanctions by banks under the Kisan Credit Card (KCC) scheme has become a cause for concern for the Union finance and ...
OM Kotak launched its single premium, unit-linked plan  Kotak Easy Growth Plan (KEGP)  which offers four investment ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India will invest Rs 9,000 crore in the equity market this financial year.
It has already ...
Municipal corporations, which find it nearly impossible to approach the capital markets on their individual strength, are forming ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) on Monday said it would like to raise its stake in UTI Bank to a strategic level ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank yesterday announced that it was raising Rs 300 crore in Tier II capital through private placement of ...
Private sector banks have jumped on to the bandwagon to offer better rates than Maruti Udyog for the country's largest selling ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is pushing for standardisation of all e-payment initiatives in the country to promote efficiency ...
Soon after announcing a major package for the agricultural sector, the finance ministry today directed states to work out targets ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is in talks with a host of entities, including French financial major Societe Generale (SocGen) for ...
Soon after announcing a major package for the agricultural sector, the finance ministry today directed states to work out targets ...
Lord Krishna Bank has revised the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (FCNR) deposits accepted in all permitted ...
In an effort to resurrect the infrastructure in militancy-affected Jammu and Kashmir, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) has ...
In an effort to resurrect the infrastructure in militancy-affected Jammu and Kashmir, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) has ...
Medium-term trend bleak
Companies likely to opt for bank credit at a fixed rate.
FM promises a 30% increase in agricultural credit to Rs 1,04,500 cr in the current fiscal.

FM promises a 30% increase in agricultural credit to Rs 1,04,500 cr in the current fiscal.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today liberalised the norms on unsecured exposure of banks.
The cut in the interest rate on rupee-denominated deposit schemes for non-resident Indians (NRIs) seems to have spurred NRIs into ...
Retail super market chain Trinethra Super Retail Limited is in talks with ING Vysya to raise around Rs 10 crore for funding the ...
ATM cards, credit and debit cards in the wallet may be a thing of the past if the government agrees to a proposal by banks to ...
A mid-term evaluation by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has found that farmers who were given ...
Favouring the emergence of a single authority to supervise the financial sector in India, C Rangarajan, former RBI governor and ...
Commercial Banks, under the aegis of the Indian Banks Association (IBA), deliberated on the schemes that could be ...
The S V Mony committee on motor own damage and detariffing has recommended detariffing based on a system of rates, terms and ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced cut-off rates of 5.58 per cent for the 11-year 7.38 per cent 2015 government stock and ...
The spotlight of forthcoming Union Budget will be on regional rural banks
(RRBs) and cooperative banks.
Finance minister P ...
The Union Cabinet has given a green signal to the merger of Navsari-based South Gujarat Local Area Bank (SGLAB) with Bank of ...
Move aimed to revitalise credit flow in the rural sector.

Move aimed to revitalise credit flow in the rural sector.

The much awaited Rs 50,000-crore infrastructure fund will finally see the light of day tomorrow.

Barclays Indias net profit for the fiscal ended March 2004 increased to Rs 71.8 crore against Rs 29.17 crore in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India and the government are understood to be taking a relook at the structure of market stabilisation bonds ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has proposed greater supervision of entities by respective regulators  RBI, the Securities and ...
Dena Bank plans to reduce its gross non-performing assets (NPAs) from Rs 1,484 crore in March this year to Rs 1,100 crore by ...
Investors are getting out of monthly income plans (MIPs) and gilt-oriented long-term schemes to invest in floating funds in order ...
Identifying Asia-Pacific as a hot-spot for acquiring private banks, management consultants KPMG on Wednesday said global ...
The board of Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC), which will meet in Chennai tomorrow, is likely to discuss the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed Ashok Leyland, while approving the merger of Ashok Leyland Finance with IndusInd ...
Project with Wipro, IBM to cover all financial products.

The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has sanctioned an amount of Rs 59.91 crore as loan assistance to ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance, in association with the government of Rajasthan, has launched a comprehensive weather insurance ...
Extending its support to multi state co-operative banks in the state, the Gujarat Urban Co-operative Banks Federation (GUCBF) ...
Worried depositors and account holders of the city-based Metro Co-operative Bank Ltd made a beeline at the bank following rumours ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank opened its first retail-banking branch in Surat at Megh Mayur Complex, Parle Point, on Tuesday.
The State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur (SBBJ), one of the leading banks in Rajasthan, has decided to stress on the retail sector ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has invested over seven times more in equities in the first quarter of fiscal 2005 ...
Debt fund investors are in a dilemma as interest rates seem to have bottomed out.
The bond market has seen interest rates ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is betting big on priority sector lending.

HSBC India has recorded a 32 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 197.8 crore for the year ended March 31, 2004.

As several co-operative banks in the state have gone bust over the past few years, the Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry ...
Retrenched employees of the Surat-based Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank who are yet to be paid their dues, have decided to ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) has directed public sector general insurance major United India Insurance ...
Dena Bank aims to double its retail loans in the current fiscal, from the present level of Rs 700 crore to Rs 1,430 crore by ...
Global Trust Bank (GTB) is understood to be in talks with the Asset Reconstruction Company of India Ltd (ARCIL) to sell its ...
The National Commodities and Derivatives Exchange India (NCDEX) in association with the Geneva-based AC, a collateral management ...
GAIL India and Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL), are cashing in on their status quo after the new government put the two ...
The popularity of the Public Provident Fund (PPF) as a savings instrument for small investors seems to be on the wane.
The popularity of the Public Provident Fund (PPF) as a savings instrument for small investors seems to be on the wane.
The Haryana State Co-operative Apex (Harco) Bank has issued loans amounting to over Rs 3,141 crore during 2003-04 compared to Rs ...
The predominance of government ownership in the banking sector has led to insufficient competition and consequently caused ...
The predominance of government ownership in the banking sector has led to insufficient competition and consequently caused ...
The rupee appreciated in the initial part of the last week on central bank interventions to cushion the rupee from the impact of ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) plans to inject Rs 100 crore in small-scale industries and Rs 150 crore in small business ...
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) plans to introduce cheque deposit machines, a round-the-clock facility which would accept ...
The State Bank of Indore, in association with the State Bank of India (SBI) Cards, will introduce international debit cards.
Will interest rates, inflation firm up?
Insurer against IPO.

ABN Amro plans to invest 1 bn in India
Move will help banks to reduce the asset liability mismatches when funding long-term projects.
Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India Ltd (ECGC) expects to offer a separate insurance cover for software exporters in the ...
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation Ltd (DHFL) which has very recently acquired 86 per cent in Vysya Bank Housing Finance Ltd ...
United India, which re-insures almost 98 per cent of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) account with overseas reinsurers, is ...
The Chennai-based United India Insurances net profit is likely to be affected by its voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) that will ...
Not all banks direct selling agents (DSAs) are making blind calls when it comes to cross-selling products.

The foreign bank's earlier plan of picking 20% in UTI Bank at a dead end for now.

HDFC Bank plans to securitise assets worth Rs 4,000 crore in the current fiscal year compared with Rs 630 crore in 2003-04.
Apprehensions about the rate hike by the Bank of England and the US Federal Reserve, and bearish sentiment on domestic inflation ...
Actis, formerly CDC Capital Partners, has emerged a winner in $67.2 million deal with HSBC  whereby the private equity investor ...
The sitting fee of non-official members of various boards, committees and sub-committees of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
The Hyderabad zone of the Bank of India (BoI) expects advances to grow by 23.43 per cent to Rs 908 crore during 2004-05, with ...
Canara Bank is investing Rs 2.40 crore in the National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange Ltd (NCDEX) and Rs 42 lakh in the ...
HSBC has sought permission from the central bank for its asset management company (AMC) arm to acquire shares of UTI Bank under ...
Banks are understood to have urged the government and the Reserve Bank of India to review the gold deposit scheme.
The Jammu and Kashmir government has decided to set up two women cooperative banks, one each in Srinagar and Jammu, soon.
The Jammu and Kashmir government has decided to set up two women cooperative banks, one each in Srinagar and Jammu, soon.
India should adopt an aggressive stance at the ongoing World Trade Organisation (WTO) negotiations on services to eliminate ...
India should adopt an aggressive stance at the ongoing World Trade Organisation (WTO) negotiations on services to eliminate ...
Quality of produce determining crop loan rates.
The Reserve Bank of India directed banks intending to amalgamate/ merge non banking finance companies with themselves to take ...
Rating agency Crisil said that none of the financial sector entities rated by it were pushed down to the default grade during the ...
With the hardening of interest rates, which has pushed up the benchmark London Interbank Bid Offer Rate (Libor), investor ...
ABN Amro Bank is targeting a 30 per cent growth in net profit and assets in financial year 2005.

Foreign lenders adamant to discounted sale of the government guaranteed loan.
Foreign lenders adamant to discounted sale of the government guaranteed loan.
The focus of foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which have been chasing bank stocks over the last one year, has shifted from ...
Co-operative banks are unhappy over the recent decision of the Reserve Bank of Indias Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is an organisation in transition and will re-examine its staff strength only after two or three ...
The All India Regional Rural Bank Employees Association has demanded the delinking of the regional rural banks (RRBs) from their ...
Citibank India has recorded a 46 per cent growth in net profit to Rs 572 crore for the year ended March 31, 2004, against Rs 391 ...
The board of Federal Bank recommended a bonus issue to eligible shareholders in the ratio 2:1(two shares for every one held).
UTI Bank has decided to recruit around 40 agriculture graduates to boost its agri sector lending.
The move is in tune with the ...
Disgruntlement is brewing among depositors of the banks that have loaned money to the beleaguered Madhavpura Mercantile ...
The south-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has firmed up plans of raising Rs 200 crore of tier-II capital by September 2004 and ...
The Satara-headquartered United Western Bank plans to grow its business mix (deposits plus advances) by 25 per cent to Rs 12,500 ...
The state-level bankers committee (SLBC) has fixed the total credit outlay for the farm sector in the state at Rs 23,479.20 ...
The Rs 9,500-crore advertising industry  made up of top 40 ad agencies  are pitching for the ad account of the Life Insurance ...
UTI Bank, following an encouraging response to its dollar pre-paid travel card, is set to launch a multi-currency (euro and ...
Vasavi Cooperative Urban Bank, which suspended operations on March 7, 2003, is hoping to restart operations soon.
The bank is ...
The All India Bank Officers Confederation (AIBOC) plans to go on strike, if the next round of wage revision talks in July do not ...
The Madras High Court has left it to the Debt Recovery Tribunals (DRT) to decide under which Act the cases pending before them ...
The Madras High Court has left it to the Debt Recovery Tribunals (DRT) to decide under which Act the cases pending before them ...

The Supreme Court has asked banks and financial institutions to shell out Rs 50 lakh each towards a fund for the benefit of the ...
The Supreme Court has asked banks and financial institutions to shell out Rs 50 lakh each towards a fund for the benefit of the ...
Leading private players, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, IDBI Bank and UTI Bank, have outdone PSU heavy-weights in terms of growth in ...
The foreign exchange and government securities markets remained volatile throughout the week.
Banks and financial institutions are considering at least eight power projects with a combined generation capacity of over 7,300 ...
Banks and financial institutions are considering at least eight power projects with a combined generation capacity of over 7,300 ...
Four public sector banks had nil non-performing assets (NPAs) as on March 31,2004. Oriental Bank of Commerce and three associate ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has pegged a 16.5 per cent growth in advances and a 15 per cent growth in net profit for the current ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday put riders on the dividend amount primary dealers (PDs) can declare, if they can at all ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has outlined a two-pronged strategy to take on competition to regain its market ...
Can Fin Homes plans to offer personal loans to its existing home loan customers with a clean two-year credit track record to ...
The Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) wants the industry to rely on examinations conducted by it rather ...
Life insurance behemoth Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) expects to garner a total income of Rs 1,00,000 crore for the year ...
Exit policy been prepared in consultation with Finmin; Objective is to improve productivity.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday permitted UCO Bank to declare an 8 per cent dividend instead of the 10 per cent ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has relaxed its terms and conditions for financing the purchase ...
Kerala-based State Bank (SBT) of Travancore recorded a 43 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 245 crore in 2003-04 over the ...
Peter Smith, general manager for Asia Pacific in the ING group currently based in Hong Kong, may take over soon as overall head ...
UCO Bank, which is hovering around Rs 21 on the bourses, hopes to register a Rs 550 crore net profit in financial year 2004-05, ...
Left-leaning trade union representatives from the banking sector are a rejuvenated lot these days.
The reason: with the ...
Gives bankers green signal to tap capital markets.
AMP, the Australia-based insurer and fund manager, is willing to exit its Indian venture, AMP Sanmar Life Insurance Company, if ...
Forward dollars across maturities closed in premium territory after ruling at a discount for a long time as importers rushed to ...
The countrys foreign exchange reserves, after a long span of time, has dipped by $56 million to $1,18,572 billion for the week ...
The Gujarat High Court on Tuesday stayed the proceedings in the tripartite agreement signed between Diamond Jubilee Co-operative ...
The Gujarat High Court on Tuesday stayed the proceedings in the tripartite agreement signed between Diamond Jubilee Co-operative ...
Providing assistance to the agricultural sector seems to be the name of the game not only for political parties but also for the ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has put its information technology business IDBI Intech  on the block.
A wholly ...
Private general insurance companies have now started biting into big ticket insurance business that has so far been the preserve ...
Competition forces rethink.
Ad-interim ex-parte injunction to be in force till Mardia's next hearing on July 1.

Standard Chartered Bank has tripled its provision for bad debts for its Indian operations to $59 million in calendar year 2003 as ...
India Inc raised a total of $1.75 billion in external commercial borrowing during April 2004.
The Visakahapatnam zone of Bank of India (BoI), has issued legal notices to 148 defaulters under the Securitisation Act.
The ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) will complete the acquisition of National Housing Banks 33 per cent stake in BoB Housing Finance and merge ...
The retrenched employees of Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank are yet to receive their dues even a month after they were ...
Getting ones money from insurance companies can be a major headache for most of us as settlement of claims take days and weeks, ...
ICICI Bank completed the largest auto securitisation deal worth Rs 1,060 crore, surpassing its own record Rs 823 crore deal ...
The Centre is considering a Reserve Bank of India proposal which entails stringent norms for banks to source information from ...
74,000 clerical staff may be given option to become agents.
State Bank of India had decided to pick up 10 per cent equity stake in Multi Commodity Exchange of India (MCX) and was at present ...
Riding on its success in recovering bad loans, city-based Prudential Co-operative Urban Bank Limited hopes to restart its ...
Mutual funds (MFs) and foreign banks are understood to have sold heavily in the bond market to cut down their losses following a ...
Fund houses seem to be using fixed maturity plans (FMPs) to augment their month-end assets under management through a quid pro ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has zeroed in on two foreign banks both of which it intends to acquire in the next few months  one ...
MetLife India has been granted approval by the central provident fund commissioner to offer group life cover to employees in lieu ...
The Karnataka Bank Limited has announced that it would be hiking its authorised capital to Rs 150 crore from the current Rs 50 ...
Maharashtras scheduled commercial banks posted a 20 per cent rise in aggregate deposits in 2003-2004 (up to December 2003) to Rs ...
Maharashtras scheduled commercial banks posted a 20 per cent rise in aggregate deposits in 2003-2004 (up to December 2003) to Rs ...
Weak assets of schedule commercial banks have declined over a year (fiscal 2003-04), according to credit rating agency Crisil.

Global rating agency Standard & Poors said the new governments policy feelers were less alarming than initially feared.
State Bank of India would speed up project financing and sanction of loan proposals through its newly set-up central processing ...
ICICI Lombard, ICICI Prudendial to go public.
Black Monday means little
Mangalore-based Karnataka Bank Ltd has recorded a net profit of Rs 27.55 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2004, an ...
Fast food giants Dominos Pizza and McDonalds offer freebies if they are unable to deliver an order within stipulated time.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and banks need to initiate a pro-active mechanism for effective currency management, says the ...
A report by the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) working group on development finance institutions (DFIs) has said institutions that ...
The financial markets started on a weak note last week with a fall in bond prices and the spot rupee losing by 10-15 paise per ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has advised the government to go slow on the merger of its seven associate banks but has ...
LIC could top the list of profitable PSUs that will enter the market.
The common minimum programme (CMP) has given managerial autonomy to public sector banks.
Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Friday assured the depositors of Visnagar Nagrik Shahkari Bank and Charottar Co-operative ...
Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Friday assured the depositors of Visnagar Nagrik Shahkari Bank and Charottar Co-operative ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) board met in Kolkata today and decided to re-negotiate interest rates on past ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will advise banks to formulate a transparent and comprehensive policy stating the rights of ...
The finance ministry is planning a dozen legislation covering banks, financial institutions, non-performing assets and insurance ...
The finance ministry is planning a dozen legislation covering banks, financial institutions, non-performing assets and insurance ...
State Bank of India (SBI) Chennai circles advances for agriculture and allied activities has dropped by 39 per cent to Rs 69 ...
The cloud of uncertainty over the merger of Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) with IDBI Bank is taking a toll on the ...
Private general insurance companies have started garnering profits earlier than the projection made at the time of their entry. ...
CDC Capital Partners, the private equity investor, will gain $56 million from the sale of its stake in UTI Bank to HSBC.
This is ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), as part of its foreign exchange policy, is considering a proposal to attach a sunset clause on ...
Funding agriculture is profitable, feel bankers.
The IDBI-led consortium for the troubled Dabhol power project, slated to meet foreign lenders once again in Mumbai in the first ...
The IDBI-led consortium for the troubled Dabhol power project, slated to meet foreign lenders once again in Mumbai in the first ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is likely to declare 17 per cent growth in net profit at around Rs 3,700 crore for 2003-04.
ChrysCapital, the private equity investor, will pick up a 12 per cent stake in Development Credit Bank (DCB) for Rs 38 crore, at ...
Central Bank of India has sought the finance ministrys approval to come out with an initial public offer (IPO). The bank plans ...
Several customers of the Development Credit Bank have started an agitation outside the area office of the bank in Ahmedabad, ...
The Reserve Bank of India has called for a comprehensive review of various schemes for enhancing rural credit and agricultural ...
Bank of Baroda is seeking to expand its footprint abroad in a big way.
The bank has received the Reserve Bank of Indias approval ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel on small savings schemes headed by deputy governor Rakesh Mohan is understood to have ...
Max New York Lifes (MNYL), one of Indias leading private life insurance companies, has recorded a 122 per cent growth in its ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has introduced Loans and Advances Data Desk for Evaluations and Reports, (LADDER), a computerised ...
The new government at the centre may drop the proposal for creating a separate pension regulator.
The North Block is toying with ...
The wage negotiation process would pick up now that a new government was in place: Bankers.
The state government is planning to request the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), through the finance ministry, for permission to ...
The state government is planning to request the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), through the finance ministry, for permission to ...
The earnings of banks will be dented if a proposal to drastically pare the interest on eligible cash balances under the cash ...
Commercial banks were busy building investment fluctuation reserves (IFR) in fiscal year 2003-04 to withstand any shock arising ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has announced a 1:1 bonus share issue, subject to shareholders approval.
The banks board, which met here ...
Urban co-operative banks (UCBs) should start providing more value-added services to customers and interconnect their branches, ...
Seeking a "comprehensive review" of setting of targets for lending to priority sector, including agriculture, a Reserve Bank of ...
The Reserve Bank of India has stuck to its inflation forecast for the current fiscal, despite the rise in international oil ...
The Reserve Bank of India has stuck to its inflation forecast for the current fiscal, despite the rise in international oil ...
The internal report of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on external liabilities of commercial banks has come out with the finding ...
The Reserve Bank of India-appointed working group on flow of credit to the SSI sector has recommended a uniform target for ...
An advisory committee of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has suggested the setting up of an agri-risk fund to mitigate the risk ...
The Reserve Bank of India, in consultation with the government, proposes to reintroduce capital indexed bonds (CIB), popularly ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has been mulling establishing an earthquake pool in India.
The proposal ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) group has suggested deregulation of ceiling on interest rate charged on pre-shipment credit in ...
HSBC has entered into an exclusive tie-up with South City, the mega housing project in the city.
The internal group of the Reserve Bank of India on external liabilities of scheduled commercial banks has recommended that ...
Indian consumers are highly optimistic about the quality of life and the stock market.
However, they are pessimistic about the ...
Directors of urban co-operative banks (UCBs) may get to open the bubbly soon.
The reason: Maratha strongman Sharad Pawar is ...
Commercial banks are poised to reduce charges levied on electronic transfer of funds (EFT) following the Reserve Bank of Indias ...
The Jammu and Kashmir government is planning to approach the Asian Development Bank for funding of micro power projects in an ...
The Jammu and Kashmir government is planning to approach the Asian Development Bank for funding of micro power projects in an ...
What is the impact of political developments on the financial markets?
Political uncertainty took a toll on the financial markets last week.
The foreign exchange and bond markets remained rangebound ...
Indian consumers are highly optimistic about the quality of life and the stock market.
However, they are pessimistic about the ...
The Surat-based City Co-operative Bank has lodged a complaint of fraud against 11 persons, including builder Mukesh Desai, an ...
A cross-section of bankers and insurance professionals interviewed by Business Standard said ...
The proposal of Sardar Sarovar Nigam Ltd (SSNL) for a premature redemption of its deep discount bonds has virtually stalled ...
The general insurance industry is set to save about Rs 300 crore in 2004-05 due to the reduction of agency commission to 10 per ...
In yet another twist to the restructuring of the Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC), the finance ministry will ...
In yet another twist to the restructuring of the Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC), the finance ministry will ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is set to go slow on the recommendations of the Mukherji Committee ...
Senior bankers and finance professionals have heaved a collective sigh of relief with Manmohan Singh taking over as the Prime ...
Union Bank of India is planning to open about 50 retail boutiques (kiosks) in the current financial year in metros and urban ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to have formally told HSBC to cap its stake in UTI Bank at 10 per cent.

Kolkata based National Insurance Company (NIC) has snatched the top slot for premium income dethroning United India Insurance ...
A reshuffle at the top at Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (HSBC) has resulted in Naina Lal Kidwai, vice ...
The merger of IDBI Bank with IDBI Ltd is not likely to happen until late 2006.

In a move that could further dampen the spirits of the beleaguered Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank depositors, a ...
Though the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has maintained a status quo in its policy stance by retaining interest rates at current ...
After becoming a fully-owned subsidiary of BHW Holding AG of Germany, BHW-Birla Home Finance has upped the ante by offering a ...
The capital structure of the banks will have to be revamped to afford phase-wise implementation of the Basel II capital accord.
The Reserve Bank of India yesterday cut the margins that banks have to maintain for providing finance against shares to 40 per ...
Interest rates on provident fund and small savings deposit are likely to rise and divestment of public sector banks will be ...
Interest rates on provident fund and small savings deposit are likely to rise and divestment of public sector banks will be ...
GDP growth pegged at 6.5-7% in 2004-05.
In order to increase the use of the same government security put in the settlement guarantee fund ( SGF) of the Clearing ...
Moving towards tightening prudential norms, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to increase their provisioning ...
Indian Bank is planning to increase its retail lending in the coming years.

The Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry president Shreyas Pandya said the direction by the Reserve bank of India to ...
The new NPA provisioning norm announced in the credit policy may hit public sector bank (PSB) bottomlines hard.

The Reserve Bank of India has done way with the extant limit on unsecured exposures of banks.
Henceforth, bank boards have the ...
While the annual policy statement announcement of the Reserve Bank of India did not have much impact on the bonds and the foreign ...
Highlights of the RBI's Credit Ploicy
American Express Bank has tied up with Travelmate Forex Services India Pvt Ltd to offer American Express Travellers Cheques to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today stepped up intervention in the foreign exchange market to lift the rupee to 45.50 per ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to bring the non-deposit taking non-banking financial arms (NBFCs) of foreign banks ...
Banks today pressed the sell button and made frantic calls to their clients to top up margins as the stock market plunged 800 ...
Standard & Poors Ratings Services yesterday assigned a BB corporate credit rating to Bharti Tele-Ventures Ltd.
The outlook ...
To fulfill the promise of completing irrigation projects on a war-footing, the new state government headed by Y S Rajasekhara ...
To fulfill the promise of completing irrigation projects on a war-footing, the new state government headed by Y S Rajasekhara ...
The Charminar Co-operative Urban Bank Limited, which went sick a couple of years back, on Monday started settling amounts of up ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) notification on dividend payout has forced banks to increase their provisioning for bad debts, ...
Three major private sector banks and two foreign banks are learnt to have been badly hit by the plunge in the stock markets due ...
Financial institutions (FIs) led by the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) supported the market today after it commenced ...
The Charminar Co-operative Urban Bank Limited, which went sick a couple of years back, is all set to settle amounts of up to Rs 1 ...
Indian Bank is planning to increase its retail lending in the coming years.

Bank rate cut is possible
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is planning to tap the banks in order to spread the equity cult among the ...
Investors who had expected to be able to invest in global mutual funds which are known to generate returns of 30-50 per cent ...
STRIPS date foreseen
The slack season monetary policy announcement, due on Tuesday, will be one with a difference.
The policy will, perhaps for the ...
Private sector insurance
companies are losing out to their public sector counterparts when it comes to marine insurance.

For the first time, the export-import (Exim) banks of India and China are discussing exchange of reciprocal lines of credit which ...
From soft to neutral?
Dr Yaga Venugopal Reddy took over as the governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) from Dr Bimal Jalan on ...
IFR, voting rights in focus
Marine insurance is a highly specialised business which gets little public attention.
Private players have not been able to ...
Norms for non-performing asset (NPA) in rural credit might be reviewed to impart more relaxation to borrowers for boosting rural ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y Venugopal Reddy is expected to focus on the structural issues and qualitative aspects ...
The insurance sector does not perceive any major reversals to the reforms process.
However, with the new government leaning ...
The financial sector hopes the pace of reforms will continue with the new government coming to power.

The pace of reforms are likely to slow down as the new government struggles to address social imbalances.
This was stated by the ...
The Reserve Bank of India may allow banks to float subordinated debt with the floating interest rate option in its annual ...
The Reserve Bank of India
is understood to be considering a proposal to allow export of gold from India.
According to banking ...
Credit rating agency Icra today assigned a conditional highest safety rating to securitised assets worth Rs 60.81 crore of ...
The Reserve Bank of India-appointed committee on procedures and performances audit on public services has frowned upon the ...
The implementation of the Basel II recommendation about capital charge on banks investment portfolio may be made in the monetary ...
Golconda Grameena Bank, the regional rural bank sponsored by State Bank of Hyderabad in Ranga Reddy district, is focussing on ...
Golconda Grameena Bank, the regional rural bank sponsored by State Bank of Hyderabad in Ranga Reddy district, is focussing on ...
Micro financing has become an attractive proposition for private banks as it helps them inch closer to the stipulated priority ...
Mint Road contemplating capital indexed bonds.

Real time gross settlement (RTGS) has now gone live in eight to 10 cities including Bangalore, Ludhiana, Delhi, and Jaipur.

IDBI Bank is planning to add 100 ATMs during this financial year.
At present, we have 297 ATMs across the country, and we are ...
Coastal Local Area Bank Limited plans to hike its capital base from Rs 5 crore to Rs 15 crore through an initial public offering ...
Indian banks have been urged to continue adopting global best practices in credit risk management by centralising their risk ...
The Rs 1,000 crore annual investment support needed by the medicinal, aromatic and herbal (MAH) plants sector offers a new ...
0The Bhavnagar-based State Bank of Saurashtra will complete implementing core banking solutions by the middle of the current ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked the labour commissioner, the apex body for provident funds (PFs), to insist that PFs ...
Companies are rushing to book forward covers for all transactions in the foreign exchange market.
The trigger for this ...
The Bombay stock Exchange has asked the Sardar Sarovar Nigam (SSNL) to fix the record date for holders of its deep discount bonds ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has revised the rate of return on its most popular single premium plan  Bima ...
Forex market
Reddy likely to maintain status quo.

The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is likely to acquire Industrial Development Bank of Indias stake in 18 ...
United Bank of India (UBI) is likely to register a reduced growth in net profit at 3 per cent  around Rs 310 crore in 2003-04 ...
Deep discount bond holders of Sardar Sarovar Nigam Ltd (SSNL) are in the process of obtaining a court stay on a special ...
The government may review its current policy of appointing only those who have minimum two years residual service as chiefs of ...
Has the competition with private sector banks and increased thrust on retail loan made the public sector banks go slack on ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is planning to increase its investment in the equities in the financial year 2004-05, ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural development (Nabard) refinanced Rs 45.51 crore to various banks of Jharkhand for ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural development (Nabard) refinanced Rs 45.51 crore to various banks of Jharkhand for ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has lost as much as 13 per cent market share to private rivals in terms of premium ...
Berger Paints insurance venture has hit a roadblock with Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) suspending the ...
Foreign lenders could proceed for international arbitration if talks fail.

5% retrospective levy from July 2001.

Foreign lenders could proceed for international arbitration if talks fail.

SBI Life Insurance Company has reported a 210 per cent jump in its total premium income at Rs 225 crore in the financial year ...
The Centre stands to lose a chunk of its non-tax revenues through dividends from public sector banks following recent guidelines ...
The Centre stands to lose a chunk of its non-tax revenues through dividends from public sector banks following recent guidelines ...
The Government of India plans to issue marketable government securities of 10-year tenure to roll over 10 per cent of the ...
Yet another blow is awaiting the depositors of the crisis-ridden Madhavpura Mercantile Cooperative Bank (MMCB) as the bank has ...
The Reserve Bank of India today said gross fiscal deficit of 4.2 per cent (budget estimate for 2003-04) as a proportion of gross ...
Twenty-nine states have swapped Rs 60,368 crore worth of high-cost debt for cheaper loans in the past two years, with 61 per cent ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the emerging trend towards increased reliance on states own sources of revenue ...
Government securities are expected to trade in a narrow range this week, ahead of the results of the general elections, due on ...
The spot rupee is expected to hover this week in the range of 44.50-75 against the greenback and the market will remain volatile ...
Liquidity will be abundant this week too, but participants dont seem very enthused by the situation.
This is because they ...
British banking group HSBC is planning to outsource a part of its IT operations to an Indian company.
This, according to the bank ...
The corporate bonds market remained lacklustre and is expected to continue to stay the same so till corporates spruce up their ...
The Indian banking sector is possibly the only one in the Asian region exhibiting clear signs of a positive cyclical momentum.

Uncertain domestic political scenario and expectations over a rate hike by the US Federal Reserve on the back of good economic ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company will focus on government business to grow its premium income in fiscal 2005.
ICICI ...
The recurring deposit agents of Suryapur Co-operative Bank, which is out of business since September 2002, will intensify their ...
The GIC Housing Finance, one of the top three non-banking housing finance companies in the country, proposes Rs 50 crore capital ...
New McKinsey report for business process reengineering
Where the rupee is headed?
The move may effectively close acqusition route for foreign banks.
Accident Relief Care (ARC), a Bangalore-based organisation which provides accident relief services, in association with the ...
City-based Mediciti Hospitals and National Insurance Company have come together to offer a new health plan which covers existing ...
The General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) has made windfall gains from the bull run in the capital market.

The Deposit Insurance Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) of the Reserve Bank of India has released a draft for Rs 65.26 lakh to ...
The Deposit Insurance Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) of the Reserve Bank of India has released a draft for Rs 65.26 lakh to ...
The life insurance industry has rebound, demonstrating a growth rate of 51 per cent in new business premium in the third year of ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has signed a memorandum of understanding with five public sector ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has signed a memorandum of understanding with five public sector ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) proposal to cap foreign banks stake in domestic private banks at 10 per cent has upset HSBCs ...
Commercial banks have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to halve the risk weight assigned to all mandated lendings to 50 per ...
The auction of two government papers  the 12-year floating rate bond (FRB) and the 24-year security  has been cleared at a ...
Birla Housing Finance Ltd (BHFL) has raised Rs 96 crore from the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and securitised its ...
In a significant judgment the Supreme Court has held that an introducer, without other evidence, could not be held liable for a ...
Tata AIG Life Insurance Company, the 74:26 joint venture with the Tata group and AIG, has increased its premium income by 245 per ...
10% cap likely on holdings in another Indian bank.

The Reserve Bank of India is reworking the norms for hedging export receivables of companies which are not backed by actual ...
The Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) is planning to insert call option for early redemption of the bonds in order to ...
The Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) is planning to insert call option for early redemption of the bonds in order to ...
The finance ministry is considering a fresh assistance of Rs 5,000 crore to Industrial Development Bank of India.
The ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has roped in Wipro and IBM for its customer relation management (CRM) project.

The Credit Information Bureau (India) Ltd (CIBIL) will be ready to disseminate credit information on corporate borrowers to ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is set to float a joint venture stock broking company and is at present talking to around four large ...
The India Co-operation Committee (ICC) of MaterCard International is proposing to expand its negative file.

The Union finance ministry is at loggerheads with public sector banks over the corpus size of the special deposit scheme (SDS).
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has decided in principle to acquire a bank.
Divulging the banks intention, chairman and managing director ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) continues to be the leader in the market with a dominant share even after the entry ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has given an indicative country strategy programme (CSP) for India, where it has pegged the ...
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has given an indicative country strategy programme (CSP) for India, where it has pegged the ...
i-flex solutions has announced on Monday that the Barbados-based FirstCaribbean International Bank, the largest bank in the ...
ICICI Securities (I-Sec), the investment banking arm of ICICI Bank, yesterday announced a 39.8 per cent increase in profit after ...
SBI Cards, one of the fastest growing credit card companies with over 14,00,000 cards issued so far, on Tuesday launched ...
Provident funds (PFs) are in a bind as the accretion of funds has more than doubled in 2003-04 as employees are contributing more ...
Indian Bank records the sharpest decline in NPA level.

With the exception of ICICI Bank, all other banks have raised their capital adequacy ratio at the end of March 2004.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance yesterday reported a rise of 909 per cent in profit before tax at Rs 42.2 crore for fiscal 2004 ...
Commercial banks have invested a record low amount in Gujarat during 2002-03.
To expand its market, SBILIFE, a subsidiary of the State Bank of India, has launched a scheme to insure tractors in Madhya ...
The Gujarat High Court has issued notices to the Reserve Bank of India, the state registrar of co-operatives, the Surat-based ...
Competitive pressure to bag corporate business is seeing new waves in the insurance industry.
Pooling of global risks of ...
The spot rupee-dollar exchange rate is depreciating as customers are rushing to exploit the arbitrage opportunities in the ...
Continuing with its on-going foreign exchange liberalisation, the Reserve Bank of India on Monday removed the riders on the ...
Allahabad Bank (AllBank) is unable to dole out a dividend following the recent Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines on bank ...
HDFC Standard Life Company yesterday declared a first premium income of Rs 232.5 crore for fiscal year 2004.

Public sector commercial banks will shortly make a joint representation to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) through the Indian ...
Is the low interest rate regime over?
Exit polls forecast of a hung Parliament weighed heavily on the forex and government securities market last week.

The 45th Gujarat Formation Day turned out to be a memorable day for employees of the Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank as the ...
Consolidation could be on the cards for the beleaguered regional rural banks (RRBs) if the government accepts an Indian Banks ...
India will witness the entry of a new breed of overseas professional service providing firms who help banks recover and ...
The employees of Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank and recurring deposit agents of Suryapur Co-operative Bank have decided to ...
Around 78,000 depositors of the General Co-operative Bank Ltd (Genco) are expected to get their insured sum of Rs one lakh from ...
Around one-third of global private equity investments were made in technology companies in the calendar year 2003.

In a setback for the Industrial Development Bank of Indias debt restructuring plans, the Centre and the Reserve Bank of India ...
In a setback for the Industrial Development Bank of Indias debt restructuring plans, the Centre and the Reserve Bank of India ...
Govt for UN model on security interest.

Move to help banks manage surplus liquidity as well as interest rate mismatches.
The Reserve Bank of India on Friday issued guidelines on compliance by scheduled commercial banks with accounting standards ...
IndusInd Bank yesterday launched Indus AIM (anywhere instant money) for inter-bank real time gross settlement (RTGS) ...
Around 500 business locations of Ashok Leyland Finance (ALF) will continue to operate as the retail asset division of IndusInd ...
NCR, the leading ATM manufacturing company and a subsidiary of Ohio-based NCR Corporation, is all set to take the ATM experience ...
Standard & Poors Ratings Services on Wednesday assigned its BB long-term foreign currency counterparty credit ratings to ...
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) has suggested a host of measures including tax sops, changes in the ownership norms and newer ...
Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) is open to acquisitions in India.
We are looking at organic and inorganic growth in India, said ...
Real time gross settlement (RTGS) transactions for corporate customers triggered off today with a total of 24 transactions ...
OM Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance yesterday reported new premium income of Rs 127 crore for the year ended March 31, 2004.

The World Bank will extend a $200 million loan to the Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) by September to enhance ...
The World Bank will extend a $200 million loan to the Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) by September to enhance ...
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) has recommended to the finance ministry that capital adequacy requirements to financial assets ...
The Kolkata based United Bank of India plans to wipe out its accumulated losses of Rs 870 crore by 2005-06.
Crisil, the rating agency, said cost of funds for highly rated non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) is less than that for banks. ...
The Asian Develoment Bank is expecting to raise another tranche of debt from the domestic market, according to Country Director ...
In a bid to provide assistance to fashion designers, the Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) will create a Rs 50 ...
Centurion Banks net non performing assets (NPA) have risen by over 100 basis points to 8.75 per cent as on February 6, 2004, ...
Union Bank of India has drawn up plans to achieve a business mix (deposits plus advances) of Rs 100,000 crore in 2004-05 against ...
The exit poll blues had its impact on the foreign exchange as well as the government bond markets.

Insurance companies are feeling the heat to push volumes as they are forced to focus on the topline and build their premium ...
OM Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance has bagged Oil India Ltds (OIL) Employees Deposit Linked Insurance (Edli) and credit term ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance (BSLI) exceeded its targets as its board yesterday declared a premium income of Rs 537.5 crore for the ...
Bank stocks were hammered yesterday with the BSE Bankex Index crashing 3.82 per cent or 65.73 points after the Reserve Bank of ...
Indian Bank, which reported a whopping 114.88 per cent growth in net profit for the year ending March 31, 2004, expects its ...
State agriculture and co-operatives minister Bhupendrasinh Chudasma on Tuesday assured the recurring agents of Suryapur ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is on the lookout for a stake in a private equity fund.

The city-based Sewa Bank will organise a day-long workshop on Training of financial planning for poor women on Monday.

The credit-deposit (CD) ratio of foreign banks
is higher when compared with nationalised banks.
As on December 2003, the ...
The IMF has said that stronger global growth in most regions should prompt world governments to implement critical economic ...
The IMF has said that stronger global growth in most regions should prompt world governments to implement critical economic ...
Allahabad Bank plans major expansion in the state in the current fiscal year.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) yesterday asked industrialised nations to shed protectionism and end the outcry against Business ...
No official comments from Capital One on its plans for India.

In another step to stem dollar inflows into the country, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on April 24 barred non banking financial ...
The Income Tax Department is likely to appeal against the recent order by the Income-Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT) stating that ...
The Income Tax Department is likely to appeal against the recent order by the Income-Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT) stating that ...
Elections are big business for insurance companies.
In the biggest electoral exercise in the largest democracy in the world, the ...
Only three of the 19 listed public sector banks (PSBs) and two of the 18 listed private sector banks will qualify for autonomy in ...
Elections are big business for insurance companies.
In the biggest electoral exercise in the largest democracy in the world, the ...
The Rs 44 crore Suryapur Co-operative Bank scam has taken a new turn with the forensic science laboratory (FSL) reporting that ...
HSBC Electronic Data Processing (India) Pvt Ltd, the business process outsourcing arm of HSBC group, expects to start its second ...
The board of Jammu & Kashmir Bank has given an in-principle approval for roping in strategic partners to participate in the ...
ABN Amro Bank on Friday introduced the All Smiles Super Saver Package where by the bank will offer home loans at a fixed rate ...
Foreign banks will now pay a flat 35 per cent corporate tax plus 2.5 per cent surcharge following the Income-Tax Appellate ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) sold 2.7 crore policies in fiscal 2004 against 2.45 crore policies in the previous ...
The $1.5 billion Thomson Financial, provider of information and technology solutions to the worldwide financial community, is ...
Aviva Plc became the first financial entity in the Indian BPO space to marry not one but three BPO outfits  the Mumbai-based WNS ...
NIS Sparta, Asias largest performance enhancement solutions company offering interventions in the insurance sector, has emerged ...
Stories of urban cooperative banks (UCBs) downing shutters overnight and depositors losing their hard earned money are by now ...
Commercial banks are up in arms over the Deposit Insurance Credit Guarantee Corporations (DICGC) move to double the deposit ...
Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait along with the National Insurance Company Limited has launched a scheme to provide personal accident ...
With the Supreme Court upholding the constitutional rights of the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and ...
The ambitious insurance scheme for over five lakh diamond polishers in Surat has failed to take off following disputes over ...
The ambitious insurance scheme for over five lakh diamond polishers in Surat has failed to take off following disputes over ...
The Kolkata-based Magma Leasing hopes to cross the Rs 1,300 crore disbursement mark in the current fiscal against Rs 867 crore ...
Victor J Menezes, the first chief executive officer of Citibank India, will head the Citigroups Asian advisory board.

Analytical work done at HSBCs offices in London, Paris, New York, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Mexico will now be anchored in India, at ...
The US Embassy is asking the Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT) to give a guarantee that insurance agents qualifying to attend the ...
Max New York Life is looking at the possibility of roping in banks as strategic partners in the company by issuing fresh equity ...
New CEO in 3 months.

West LBs 40 per cent stake in Global Trade Finance (GTF) will be picked up by Exim Bank (5 per cent) and FIMBank, a Malta based ...
The Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) expects to disburse Rs 3,000-4,000 crore towards infrastructure funding in ...
To use SPV route; meeting with foreign lenders in Singapore on April 22-23.
To use SPV route; meeting with foreign lenders in Singapore on April 22-23.
Central bank on the lookout for a 'bubble'.
C R Patil, the prime accused in the Rs 56 crore Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank scam, has charged the bank authorities with ...
Asian Development Bank (ADB), a multilateral development finance institution, has offered financial support to GAIL, a public ...
Private and foreign banks are rushing to set up branches in Tier-II and Tier-III centres following a boom in small and medium ...
The marketing ploy  buy one and get one free  followed by FMCG companies is now being adopted by insurers.
Nestle India, with a ...
India will be participating in the spring meeting of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank (WB), which will ...
Union Bank of Indias total business for the fiscal ending March 31, 2004 rose by 14.37 per cent to Rs 81,660 crore against Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India-constituted committee on procedures and performance audit on public services has frowned upon the ...
Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) will hold its crucial board meeting tomorrow.

Bankers expect move to rein in Re rally.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has barred banks from providing short-term loans for imports above $20 million per transaction ...
The foreign exchange reserves of the country leaped by a whopping $3.37 billion in the first week of April as panic stricken ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Saturday slashed the interest rate on NRI deposits to kill arbitraging on interest rate ...
Muhamaad Ali Khoja, chairman and managing director of Pakistans leading development financial institution  Pakistan Industrial ...
The state government has invited the agitating recurring deposit agents of the Suryapur Co-operative Bank for talks.

The state government has invited the agitating recurring deposit agents of the Suryapur Co-operative Bank for talks.

The government cannot do anything to stop the appreciation of the rupee against the US dollar though it was causing problems for ...
The government cannot do anything to stop the appreciation of the rupee against the US dollar though it was causing problems for ...
The Indian banking sector must play a more active role in extending institutional finance, especially to the agricultural sector, ...
The Indian banking sector must play a more active role in extending institutional finance, especially to the agricultural sector, ...
Keeping in mind Goas tourist potential which could attract a great deal of revenue, the State Bank of India (SBI) has unveiled a ...
Recurring deposit agents of Suryapur Co-operative Bank have written to the Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi seeking a bridge ...
Centurion Bank plans to piggy-back on Bank Muscats offshore banking centre and offer foreign currency products for Indian ...
The advisory committee on administered interest rates chaired by the RBI deputy governor Rakesh Mohan met on Friday to deliberate ...
The advisory committee on administered interest rates chaired by the RBI deputy governor Rakesh Mohan met on Friday to deliberate ...
Provident Funds (PFs) en masse are withdrawing their investments in IFCI.
This is due to the fear that after the merger of IFCI
...
Reliance Infocomm and State Bank of India have tied up for CDMA wireless connectivity for 100 ATMs across the country.
The ...
S Nagarajan, managing director of Ashok Leyland Finance Ltd (ALFL), is likely to take over as the retail head and deputy managing ...
Interest rate arbitraging in treasure bills is back with a bang with interest rates ruling higher in the short end of the ...
In order to take advantage of the low forward dollar rates, importers rushed to cover their future payments after a long spell on ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to be proposing a slew of measures to improve the end use benefits of its existing ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company has mopped up over Rs 100 crore in new corporate business.
A significant percentage of ...
Centurion Bank is revamping its management team and Anil Jaggia, a Citibank official based in Chicago, will assume charge as the ...
The National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC) yesterday signed an agreement with the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) for ...
The bottoming out of interest rates is forcing the primary dealers (PDs), the backbone of the Rs 9,50,000 crore government ...
The National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC) yesterday signed an agreement with the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) for ...
Dena Bank, as part of its new risk management model for small scale industries (SSIs) lending, has proposed to the government to ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company has topped the premium income chart among private insurance players for the third year in ...
Rating agency Icra Ltd has launched a product for grading the management and governance quality of mutual funds.
The timing of ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance will nationally roll out its weather insurance product range soon.

The recurring deposit agents of the city-based Suryapur Co-operative Bank today intensified their agitation and began fast to ...
The Navanagar Co-operative Bank here has posted a net profit of Rs 5 crore for the year ended March 31, 2004.
The gross profit of ...
The Reserve Bank of India expects 120 scheduled commercial banks and primary dealers to become part of the real time gross ...
The closure of the Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank of Surat has pushed 179 retrenched employees of the bank into deep crisis.
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has shortlisted three consultancy firms  PricewaterhouseCoopers, Tata ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Finance Corporation (APSFC) is mulling a proposal that will see it restructure high interest loans ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Finance Corporation (APSFC) is mulling a proposal that will see it restructure high interest loans ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said that banks could use balances maintained under the cash reserve ratio (CRR) instead of ...
IDBI, SBI & ICICI Bank consult finance ministry officials.

IDBI, SBI & ICICI Bank consult finance ministry officials.

The Mauritius-based IndusInd International Holding Ltd (IIHL) will pick up 50 per cent stake in IndusInd Technologies Ltd, a ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may issue fresh guidelines on an asset reconstruction companys (ARCs) power to change the ...
Anshu Jain, head of global markets and a member of the group executive committee (GEC) of Deutsche Bank, is fast emerging as the ...
Nainital Bank Ltd will distribute general insurance products of National Insurance Company Ltd (NICL) through its branches in ...
Gilts rally on excess liquidity
The yield on the ten-year benchmark gilt dropped to 5.08 per cent today owing to the overabundance of liquidity in the banking ...
The general insurance industry recorded a 12.5 per cent growth in business at Rs 14,452 crore during April-February 2003-04, ...
Credit rating agency CARE is eyeing business process outsourcing business from the US.
The agency, among others, is seeking to ...
Retail exports, textiles face a squeeze on margins.

Global investors controlling huge pools of investment capital, are eyeing the Indias non-performing asset (NPA) market with ...
Bank non-food credit zoomed by Rs 37,720 crore in March.
Traditionally, Marchthe last month of the fiscal yearsees high credit ...
Move to help companies tap overseas loans at finer rates.

Domestic rating agency Icra will provide technical support and related services to the Credit Rating Agency of Bangladesh (CRAB). ...
Bonds and the foreign exchange markets rallied last week even though they had breached psychological barriers in the previous ...
Rana Kapoor is all set to establish Yes Bank, a technology-driven, state-of-the-art private bank. ...
RBI proposes amendments to Section 6 and Section 8 of Banking Regulation Act.

At the end of its week-long visit to India, global rating agency Standard & Poors (S&P) said the country is experiencing ...
Seen touching 42/$ by March 2005.

Strikes down clause for 75% payments by borrowers before DRT move.

The Rs 60-crore Suryapur Co-operative Bank scam has left thousands in the lurch.
The bank had downed its shutters since September ...
Nationalised banks in Rajkot district have been given a target of Rs 942 crore for credit advanced to primary sectors in 2004-05. ...
OutlookThe rupee is expected to open between 43.60-43.65 per dollar on Monday.

The Industrial Investment Bank of India (IIBI) would be transferring its non-performing assets (NPA) at Rs 600 crore to one of ...
Andhra Pradesh has received the highest credit assistance from National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) than ...
Motorists might shortly need to cough up an additional hefty amount towards a one-time payment of third-party liability cover.

The Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) plans to open branches in Bangladesh and Myanmar.
The bank expects to double its ...
Indian bankers heaved a sigh of relief as the Supreme Court upheld the constitutional validity of the Securitisation and ...

Kephinance Investment [Mauritius] Ltd has acquired 4.94 per cent of the total paid up capital of Centurion Bank at Rs 4 per ...
The rupee rose to close at a 4-year peak of 43.5350/54 against the dollar yesterday after touching a high of 43.44 during the ...
SBI Life Insurance has booked a 233 per cent rise in gross premium income at Rs 200 crore in the financial year ended March 31, ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy said that the 17.6 per cent growth in non-food credit offtake during 2003-04 was fuelled ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy said that the 17.6 per cent growth in non-food credit offtake during 2003-04 was fuelled ...
TVS Motor and Union Bank of India announced a new liberalised two-wheeler finance scheme for TVS products.

Rating agency Fitch has introduced a new rating instrument called volatility ratings for money market funds.
Volatility ratings ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has for the first time decided to allow credit institutions to ...
The Central Vigilance Commission has started withdrawing from the banking sector, albeit slowly.

Citigroup and the Citigroup Foundation announced a 10-year, $200 million commitment to financial education.
The commitment will ...
In the absence of any special deposit schemes, port trusts have shifted their investments to Life Insurance Corporation of ...
Indian business valued at Rs 2,685 cr-Rs 4,296 cr
The 6.18 per cent government stock 2005 issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) under the first tranche of market stabilisation ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is reviewing the norm for equity market exposure for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs).
Rana Kapoor, managing director and chief executive officer of the newest private sector Yes Bank, plans to build the bank on the ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poors is on a trip to discover the real India.
On this trip to the country, the S&P team ...
Global rating agency Standard & Poors is on a trip to discover the real India.
On this trip to the country, the S&P team ...
Bankers move to seek interest on entire balances kept under the cash reserve ratio (CRR) with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The Co-operative Bank of Rajkot, also known as Raj Bank, has posted a net profit of Rs 8.05 crore in 2003-04.
The Co-operative Bank of Rajkot, also known as Raj Bank, has posted a net profit of Rs 8.05 crore in 2003-04.
S&P bullish on India's growth.
S&P bullish on India's growth.
Canara Bank has reported a 19 per cent growth in global business in FY 2003-04 to Rs 1,33,900 crore as against Rs 1,12,567 crore ...
Asrec India Ltd, the asset reconstruction company set up by UTI Mutual Fund, has roped in four foreign banks.

The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) ask for recapitalisation from the government after its conversion to a bank, ...
A section of the foreign and private sector banks have sought changes in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) formulated corporate ...
Most of the banks are likely to report a healthy growth in profits in the financial year 2003-04 on the back of aggressive retail ...
The forex market went through one of its most volatile phases last week.
The spot rupee inched up from 44.40/42 to 43.30 during ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) closed fiscal 2004 with a marginal growth in first premium income, and a 12 per ...
What is the impact of the changes in the liquidity adjustment facility
The Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) is in the look out for a new managing director after the exit of Nasser ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) may increase its stake in Corporation Bank and is also open to acquiring ...
ICICI Bank today admitted that it needs to improve the quality of customer service for the retail segment to a great extent.

United Bank of India (UBI) has shelved its plan to float a Rs 100 crore initial public offer (IPO).
The Asset Reconstruction Company (India) Ltd (ARCIL) has acquired non-performing assets (NPAs) aggregating Rs 3,067 crore in the ...
ICICI Bank is faced with litigations amounting to Rs 18,168 crore, according to the banks red herring prospectus.

The rupee yesterday touched yet another high of 43.30 against the dollar in intra-day trades but retreated to close at 43.81, ...
Citibank is set to become the first foreign bank to pick up a stake in Asset Reconstruction Company (India) Ltd.
Karur Vysya Bank ...
Debate is on the level of fiscal deficit and its sustainability.

FIIs largest bidders, maximum bids at Rs 280.

The government has posted a balance of payment (BoP) surplus of $7.2 billion for the October-December quarter of 2003-04 as ...
The government has posted a balance of payment (BoP) surplus of $7.2 billion for the October-December quarter of 2003-04 as ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has clarified that external commercial borrowings (ECBs) cannot be utilised for end uses such as ...
Foreign exchange reserves in the first three quarters of the 2003-04 fiscal had the highest component of portfolio investment.

The foreign travelers from Orissa need not bother about the matching of signature on the travelers cheque or loss of currency ...
Market borrowings in the first half of fiscal 2004-05 will be higher by around Rs 3,005 crore when compared with funds raised by ...
Citigroup has completed revolving securitisation issuance of working capital loans to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) ...
ICICI Bank, which holds 20.44 per cent in the Aluva-based Federal Bank, is looking at shedding its stake in the private bank.

SBI Life proposes to capitalise on the State Bank of Indias (SBI) corporate relationships.

Air-India on Thursday secured an insurance cover for its 33 aircraft fleet for around 20 per cent less than the $11.6 million ...
The Ras Al Khaimah (RAK) Free Trade Zone in the United Arab Emirates has invited entrepreneurs from the state to set up base in ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India has decided to set up a Growth Fund with an initial corpus of Rs 100 crore to ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India has decided to set up a Growth Fund with an initial corpus of Rs 100 crore to ...
The Employees Union of The Bank of Tokyo accepted the decision of its management to close down the banks Kolkata branch after ...
Riding high on the overall economic growth of the Indian economy, ICICI Bank is hoping to expand its reach in retail credit ...
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is set to operationalise the Rs 10,000 crore fund for providing ...
Azim Premji, chairman of Wipro Ltd, has called for banks to outsource all non-core processes and adopt quality tools like Six ...
Vijaya Bank has announced the launch of its core banking solution initiative in collaboration with Infosys and Wipro.

The corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell is proving to be a win-win case for financial intermediaries and India Inc alike.
Allahabad Bank expects to clock a Rs 400 crore net profit, and a Rs 750 crore operating profit in 2003-04. The banks business is ...
Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India Ltd (ECGC) is supporting exporters by decreasing variable costs.
This has become ...
National Insurance Company will close fiscal 2004 with a premium income of Rs 3,500 crore, coming neck and neck with market ...
In the absence of a regular Budget, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may postpone the announcement of its slack season monetary ...
At least 10 international currencies have appreciated more than the Indian rupee against the US dollar during the last 12-18 ...
At least 10 international currencies have appreciated more than the Indian rupee against the US dollar during the last 12-18 ...
Allahabad Bank plans to acquire a south-based private sector bank by March 2005 in order to gain a firm foothold in the region.
Strong inflows sees Re touch a peak of 44.02/$.
Follow-up of last week's meet with finmin officials.

Offshore banking units (OBUs) in special economic zones are facing troubled times.
Viability of these units, which were set up ...
The state-owned bank stocks were back in the limelight on the bourses on the hope that the government might cut its stake in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised the limit of normal ways-and-means advances (WMA) for state governments by 13.53 per ...
Union Bank of India is planning to convert low-yielding short-term loans and excess statutory liquidity ratio securities, ...
Next time you visit the neighbourhood State Bank of India (SBI) branch, do not be surprised to see the staff there in suits and ...
ICICI Bank proposes to securitise an asset portfolio of Rs 10,000 crore in the coming fiscal, which will help release capital ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural development (Nabard) has kick-started the sanctioning exercise under the Rs 50,000-crore ...
The National Textile Corporation might tap the market this week by making a placement of bonds.
Last week saw banks and public ...
Buoyant inflows and positive export data helped the spot rupee extend its gains against the dollar and end the week at a 46-month ...
While the liquidity scenario remains abundant and the inflation rate favourable, the announcement of the governments borrowing ...
Liquidity remains abundant in the banking system but the question is, for how long?
This has become a pertinent issue as the ...
Where is the rupee heading?
The spot rupee is due for further gains this week as the dollar is declining in the global markets and the Reserve Bank of India ...
The much-awaited self-regulatory organisation (SRO) for non-banking finance companies (NBFCs)  christened the Finance Industry ...
The first real time gross settlement (RTGS)-based deal was struck yesterday between HDFC Bank and Saraswat Bank for Rs 110 crore. ...
Rating agencies refuse to endorse the view put forth by M Damodaran, chairman of UTI Mutual Fund and CMD of Industrial ...
In a paradigm shift for the Indian banking industry, the real-time gross settlement system (RTGS) was finally launched on a live ...
Banks and financial institutions should change their mindset so that services sector can avail of credit against cash flows ...
The bond market saw a big rally in 15-20-year tenor papers as the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) auction calender for the next ...
Re recorded its highest weekly gain in more than 6 years.

Pricing aggressive considering size of issue, say banking analysts.

Senior citizens will have to wait a little longer for the Dada-Dadi bonds.
The finance ministry, which had originally planned to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) .introduced 7-day fixed-rate repos as part of its revised liquidity adjustment facility (LAF).
`Nothing suggests upward pressure on rupee would continue'.
The Surat Sessions Court has granted conditional anticipatory bail on a bond of Rs 25,000 to Kanaksinh Mangrola, former Rajya ...
The Surat Sessions Court has granted conditional anticipatory bail on a bond of Rs 25,000 to Kanaksinh Mangrola, former Rajya ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has set up a Rs 10,000 crore fund for the small-scale industries (SSI) sector ...
Govt, RBI sign MoU to operationalise market stabilisation scheme.

The Reserve Bank of India has unveiled an indicative issuance calendar for issue of dated securities for the first half of ...
Rating agency Crisil Ltd
announced its strategic equity investment in the Caribbean Information and Credit Rating Agency Ltd.

Essar Shipping has partly insured its newly acquired double-hull crude carrier in the overseas market owing to the limited ...
In their scramble for customer acquisitions, retail banks in India have fared better than their Asian counterparts when it comes ...
Aviva Life Insurance has exceeded the stipulated social and rural targets for the fiscal.

Gov keeps close watch on inflation, rules out change in rupee policy.

After retrenching 65 employees last month, the state government appointed administrator of the beleaguered Diamond Jubilee ...
After retrenching 65 employees last month, the state government appointed administrator of the beleaguered Diamond Jubilee ...
Exporters cancel forward contracts.
M3 growth up 14.6% vs RBI target of 14% for FY04.
Banks and financial institutions (FIs) seem to be coming closer to a pact on infrastructure financing.

M Damodaran, chairman of UTI Mutual Fund and chairman and managing director of the Industrial Development Bank of India, . ...
The employees of IFCI, opposing the governments move to merge the institution with Punjab National Bank, have proposed a merger ...
Robust inflows, lack of RBI action push up rupee.

SBI, PNB, J&K Bank and ICICI Bank keen to set up shop.

Money market
IndusInd Bank is planning to change its name following the merger of Ashok Leyland Finance with it.

Threatened by the spread of branch banking by private sector banks into Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, Citibank is keen on the ...
Dena Bank has firmed up plans of approaching the primary market with an issue of over Rs 100 crore that will bring down the ...
Funding record poor: Finmin
The latest buzzword in the real estate market is for home finance companies to purchase real estate and then lease it out to ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering floating index-linked bonds and granting limited exclusivity in primary issuances ...
Depositors of co-operative banks that had gone bust over the past two years are now on a warpath.

Depositors of co-operative banks that had gone bust over the past two years are now on a warpath.

The rupee touched a 44-month high of 45.07/08 to a dollar today on the back of huge dollar inflows even as the Reserve Bank of ...
ICICI Bank, which holds a little over 11 per cent in South Indian Bank (SIB), is keen on subscribing to the SIB rights issue.

Markets Report
Following the central government notification permitting 74 per cent foreign investment in Indian banks, the Aga Khan Fund for ...
Technology is driving customer service in the insurance industry.
After the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and Aviva ...
Govt fights to contain IDFC blaze.

Liquidity does not seem to be a crucial factor for the bonds market any longer.
Despite abundant liquidity in the banking system, ...
Bank of India (BoI) has decided to appeal against the London High Courts judgement asking it to pay $82 million in compensation ...
The spot rupee is expected to hover in the 45.10-45.25 range against the US dollar on the back of robust dollar inflows.
For the ...
Corporate bonds saw good volumes last week and are expected to witness heightened activity this week as well.

In line with norms of reducing foreign stake to 60% by 2005.

Rs 300 crore limit in current fiscal.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a stern warning to public sector banks against any attempt to evergreen their ...
He's the world's youngest top selling agent
Rs 300 crore limit in current fiscal.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has hiked the remuneration payable to statutory central and branch auditors of public sector ...
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has clarified that the total investment limit by foreign institutional investors ...
SBI Capital Markets Ltd is banking heavily on the power sector and has received mandates for raising close to Rs 1,500 crore from ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is raising a $250 million foreign currency loan for funding its overseas operations.

The State Bank of India (SBI) , as part of its business process re-engineering exercise, wants its clerical and subordinate staff ...
Howard Davies, director of the London School of Economics and Political Science, has advocated caution on full ...
CEO Nasser Munjee, 6 other directors defy govt on move to merge IDFC with SBI.

Money market
No move to merge IDFC with SBI, says govt.

IndusInd Bank has received shareholders approval for its proposed acquisition of Ashok Leyland Finance Ltd (ALFL).
Markets Report
Icra is close to acquiring 3-4 mid-sized companies engaged in the analytical business in the United States and other developed ...
Global reinsurance companies, if allowed to operate in the country on a branch licence basis, will be investing sizeable amounts ...
Meeting year-end profit targets with a limited capital base has become easy for foreign banks following the opening up of the ...
Indian banks are confident that they will be able withstand a possible rise in interest rate by 200-250 basis points.

Small&medium firms leverage relationship with reputed companies.

Only licenced banking firms to be allowed to collect deposits.

Cricket fever hits dealing rooms.

Andhra Bank and Bajaj Auto have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) yesterday to offer two-wheeler loans to the rural ...
Mainstream commercial banks, apart from providing micro credit, should focus on micro finance, which includes credit, savings and ...
In view of the improving relations between India and Pakistan, the Jammu and Kashmir Bank is planing to seek the Reserve Bank of ...
Dena Bank has been adjudged the best commercial bank in Gujarat under Nabards Self Help Group - Bank Linkage Programme.

Will the Chennai-based Indian Bank ride the IPO wave?
While the banks officials are refusing to divulge the plan yet, ...
Money market
UTI Bank expects to raise close to Rs 200 crore in Tier-II capital next year.
The first new generation private sector bank in the ...
Close on the heels of Infosys Technologies suspending its employee stock option (Esop) plan, ICICI Bank said the change in ...
ICICI Banks retail portfolio has grown by over 400 times over the last three years.
In absolute terms, the retail assets were up ...
The governments plan to perk up the infrastructure sector seems to have started with a bang.
National Hydroelectric Power ...
Union Bank of India plans to focus on the retail segment over the next two years.

Oriental Insurance Company plans to consolidate its market position in the rural area by targetting a growth of around 400 per ...
Money market
The government has set a credit mobilisation target aggregating Rs 2507.67 crore for 28 states and five union territories under ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance hopes to double its turnover to Rs 300 crore in the current fiscal against Rs 151 crore in the previous ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to have told bankers on Saturday to make sustained efforts to build up their investment ...
Srei International Finance and Toubro Infotech and Industries have expressed their interest in taking over State Bank of Sikkim ...
8 CEOs of pvt insurers decide to offer only 5% discount on fire & property business.

Markets Report
First, the Prime Minister took the initiative for peace.
Then, the baton was passed to the Indian cricket team.
Now it's the turn ...
Indian Banks Association (IBA) chief executive H N Sinor called upon banks to take a close look at their investment portfolios ...
Collateralised borrowing and lending obligations (CBLO) as a money market product has swept away all scepticism of its acceptance ...
India Inc has got the Reserve Bank of India clearance to raise external commercial borrowings (ECBs) worth $ 473.21 million in ...
Indian banks will need to invest well over $50-70 million each if they wish to comply with Basel-II norms.

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to restrict the corporates taking the external commercial borrowing (ECB) route for working ...
Policyholders will no longer need to look out for two separate insurance companies to buy life coverage and a health insurance ...
In a bid to capitalise on the current surge in initial public offerings (IPOs), Bank of India (BoI) has ventured into funding ...
Optimus, the BPO subsidiary of Polaris Software Lab (PSL), is looking at handling credit card-related transactions of public and ...
The bond market often rallies during year-ends. This time round, there are many more reasons for it to do so.
The surfeit of ...
After a long spell, secondary market activity in corporate bonds is looking up.
A major part of the market comprising primary ...
Liquidity will remain abundant and this time it is not the only cause for cheer  there will be the element of lower inflation at ...
Call rates ruled in the 4.4-4.5 per cent range last week.
According to dealers, though market players were able to raise funds in ...
The global weakness in the dollar is expected to continue for sometime as the much needed correction happened last week, when the ...
Deutsche Bank, which specialises in asset reconstruction worldwide, is planning to pick up stakes in asset reconstruction ...
In an attempt to further reduce the cost of credit for farmers, National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development (Nabard) has ...
Will foreign banks
make a beeline to acquire Indian private banks?
Ramachandra Adityan, who spearheaded the Nadar Mahajana Sangha Bank Share Investors Forum, and his supporters are now on the ...
India will become the biggest market in Asia for the UK-based Prudential Corporation Plc in three to four years despite a slower ...
Money market
The government decided to leave interest rates on small savings instruments untouched for the time being even as it said the ...
The Rakesh Mohan panel on small savings is toying with the idea of recommending to the government making the Dada Dadi bonds ...
The delay in the launch of market stabilisation bonds (MSBs) and a short decline in inflation from 5.91 per cent to 5.32 per cent ...
The international liabilities of Indian banks have risen sharply in comparison to their total assets abroad on account of huge ...
ICICI Bank shareholders approved the proposed issue of equity capital by the bank at an extra-ordinary general meeting in Baroda ...
In a dramatic turn of events, Ramesh Gelli resigned from the Global Trust Bank board.
Gelli, the promoter of the bank, had ...
In what might seem another twist to the never ending saga of the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd (TMB) the first annual general ...
Leveraging technology for improving customer service, the State Bank of India (SBI) has opened a cheque processing center based ...
Oriental Insurance Company Limited (OICL) has tied up with the Department of Posts for the distribution of its non-life products ...
Oriental Insurance Company Limited (OICL) has tied up with the Department of Posts for the distribution of its non-life products ...
Maharashtra has topped the list of non-performing assets (NPA) with the largest number of suits being registered from the state ...
Maharashtra has topped the list of non-performing assets (NPA) with the largest number of suits being registered from the state ...
Former Finance Minister Manmohan Singh said the Centre's dependence on inflow of speculative money could result in a stock market ...
Former Finance Minister Manmohan Singh said the Centre's dependence on inflow of speculative money could result in a stock market ...
Money market
Global reinsurance companies are likely to be allowed to operate in India as a branch.

HSBC has launched a new home loan product, whereby the credit balance in a customers current account will be used to reduce the ...
General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) will be able to make investments in foreign currencies to match its liabilities when ...
Banks are saying no to fixed rate home loans beyond five years as many fear an asset-liability mismatch if interest rates ...
The unexpected price fluctuations in the global oil prices and the commodity market have made it difficult for the Reserve Bank ...
The unexpected price fluctuations in the global oil prices and the commodity market have made it difficult for the Reserve Bank ...
The new 90-day norm pertaining to recognition of sticky assets is unlikely to hit commercial banks hard as they have already ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will carry out a comprehensive review of the progress made by banks in implementing the know your ...
A slight increase in yields has led to capital losses for those who have invested in debt and gilt funds while returns have also ...
In a Rs 400-crore deal brokered by the government, Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) will sell its 30 per cent stake in ...
Citibank India, which inaugurated its first full-service branch in Surat on Tuesday, plans to target the cash-rich textile and ...
Bank of Maharashtras (BoM) Rs 230 crore initial public offer (IPO) was subscribed 10.5 times.
The bank collected Rs 2,364 crore ...
Markets Report
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has advised all commercial banks to constitute a special board-level committee to monitor and ...
The overall credit quality of rated corporates in south Asia and south-east Asia has improved in the last seven months with ...
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are recording higher consolidated net profitability margin (NPMs) than banks.
At least this ...
Standard Chartered Bank is setting up a 100 per cent non-banking finance company, Standard Chartered Investments and Loans ...
National Insurance pipped New India Assurance to emerge Indias largest general insurer in January with a premium income of Rs ...
After a dry spell of over a month, the government securities market witnessed a volume of Rs 6,397 crore yesterday.

The Madras High Court has reversed its division benchs suspension of an interim stay against the transfer of 33 per cent stake ...
No new player in 3 years since insurance market was opened to private sector.

No new player in 3 years since insurance market was opened to private sector.

A district court in Ahmedabad has issued notices against two top officials of the regional office of UCO Bank for criminal breach ...
The Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (EKFEB), which is the single largest shareholder and holds 49 per cent of Development ...
Money market
ICICI Bank the largest private sector bank expects to sell 50 per cent of its micro-finance securitisation portfolio in the ...
HDFC Bank, to grab a chunk of the non-resident Indian (NRI) business, has firmed up plans to open representative offices in ...
Despite a slew of advertisements by private insurance companies, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) continues to ...
Although over the counter (OTC) derivatives like currency options have picked up well, banks are entering into fixed income ...
A splurge of liquidity in the banking system led to record subscription in the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) repo window where ...
State Bank of India expects to end the financial year 2003-04 with a 100 per cent jump in disbursements to the priority sector.
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) said it would soon issue corporate governance guidelines for insurers and ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) said it would soon issue corporate governance guidelines for insurers and ...
S K Singh, who joined State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) as chief general manager (CGM) in October 2001, was last week ...
Markets Report
The 10 per cent cap on voting rights remains the last stumbling block for foreign banks that are keen to acquire significant ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to enhance the capital requirement for foreign banks keen to set up subsidiary ...
Non-food credit, till February 20, was higher by Rs 10,429 crore - a YoY growth of 49.5%.
There has been brisk activity in the secondary market towards the end of last week and the spread between the triple A five-year ...
Government security prices may remain strong and range-bound this week.

Liquidity seems to be no longer an issue for the bond market.
The markets last week rallied as players built up positions ...
The interbank call rates market started in the 4.25-4.5 per cent range on last Monday amid ample liquidity in the system.

Cooperative banks are being fast robbed off their staple diet: lendings to small and medium enterprises (SMEs). Foreign banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may appoint relationship managers in banks on a pilot basis to coordinate with the central bank. ...
The board of Bank of India (BoI) is to meet soon to consider modifications in the consent terms reached by Ketan Parekh with the ...
What is the impact of the Asian Development Bank's rupee bond issue?
The government permitted foreign banks to set up 100 per cent subsidiaries in India with a rider that they can acquire a ...
Domestic banks are exploring the possibility of joint ventures to tap business overseas.
This is to meet the high assigned ...
State-owned insurance companies are expanding their reach into foreign markets with national reinsurer General Insurance ...
The government of India has initiated negotiations with banks without mutual fund arms for picking up a sponsorship stake in UTI ...
A high-level delegation from the Bank of England is in India for the first time.

South Gujarat Local Area Bank (LAB), one of the four struggling LABs in the state, will now be amalgamated with Bank of Baroda ...
Allahabad Bank will target business of Rs 60,000 crore by 2005.
The Bank is expecting a short-term growth of Rs 1,000 crore in ...
In a major diversification move, countrys third largest paints company Berger Paints is joining hands with Vijaya Bank, Punjab ...
Banks are zeroing in on soft targets when it comes to initiating recovery action under the Securitisation and Reconstruction of ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) on Thursday eased norms by allowing public sector undertakings and private ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB), as part of its overseas expansion plans, will set up 100 branches abroad by 2010.

Three offshore lenders to the beleaguered Dabhol Power Company (DPC)ABN Amro, Standard Chartered Bank and ANZ Bankare planning ...
Three offshore lenders to the beleaguered Dabhol Power Company (DPC)ABN Amro, Standard Chartered Bank and ANZ Bankare planning ...
State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS), which reported a net profit of Rs 92.55 crore in the last fiscal, hopes to achieve a net profit ...
Debt Recovery Tribunal, Mumbai, has directed Khatau Makanji Spinning & Weaving Company Ltd to pay the State Bank of India Rs ...
UTI Bank has launched priority-banking service in Bhubaneswar in a bid to provide exclusive services to its high-end customers.
Markets Report
The turnover in the wholesale debt market (WDM) sgement of the National Stock Exchage (NSE) fell to a 12-month low of Rs 61,499 ...
Want to trick a bank into giving loans by palming off same title deed?
Possible.

A survey of bankers conducted at i-flex solutions Financial Leadership Summit found that 52 per cent of bankers have said that ...
Bank of Indias (BoI) $150 million information technology outsourcing deal with Hewlett-Packard may remain one of its kind in the ...
ICICI Banks global banking division has managed to break even in the first full year of operations.

Banks are currently running losses on their trading book of government securities.
This is a reason for thin trades in gilts, ...
Indian banks have the highest compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of profits in the world.
They reported a CAGR of 39 per cent ...
With the improvement in the fiscal status of the country, interest rates will continue to remain low over the long term, ...
With the improvement in the fiscal status of the country, interest rates will continue to remain low over the long term, ...
In addition to a weakening dollar, exporters will now also have to contend with the loss of Section 80 HHC benefits.

In addition to a weakening dollar, exporters will now also have to contend with the loss of Section 80 HHC benefits.

The Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC), a wing of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has not settled any ...
Bank of Baroda has announced reduction in interest rates for agriculture, SSI and other priority sector loans with effect from ...
Depositors of bankrupt co-operative banks in the state has decided to boycott the upcoming Lok Sabha elections unless they get ...
Depositors of bankrupt co-operative banks in the state has decided to boycott the upcoming Lok Sabha elections unless they get ...
Industrial Investment Bank
of India (IIBI) is likely to be merged with the Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank.

Markets Report
Playing the forex market and punting on global currencies real-time is a possibility now with money market mutual funds offering ...
Banks beware.
Even the Relief Bonds submitted as collateral for raising loans could be fake.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to allow banks to float long-term bonds to take care of their asset-liability mismatches. ...
The new empanelment guidelines for statutory auditors for banks, issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), may come as a major ...
C.S. Rao, chairman of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), defended the warning issued to Oil and Natural Gas ...
C.S. Rao, chairman of Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), defended the warning issued to Oil and Natural Gas ...
The beleaguered Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank, which went bust in September 2002, has on Saturday handed over pink slips to ...
The beleaguered Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank, which went bust in September 2002, has on Saturday handed over pink slips to ...
The outlook for the rupee is strong but cautious.
Even though the greenback has been losing globally, the RBI is trying to keep ...
Liquidity will be abundant in the banking system this week despite an outflow of Rs 1,500 crore against an inflow of Rs 1,270 ...
March has traditionally been a crucial month for bond market dealers.
In the past, while the central bank has pushed up bond ...
Demand for funds in the last quarter of the fiscal to meet heavy disbursements has resulted in a slew of housing finance ...
Housing Development Finance Company (HDFC) has become the first private corporate to raise Rs 1,000 crore debt in a single ...
Just what the doctor ordered, says M Pandiarajan, Consultant,Nabard.
Interest outgo for the top 1,000 companies fell Rs 3,085 crore between FY00 and FY03.
No goverment pressure, says LIC chairman S.B. Mathur.
Markets Report
Asian Development Bank (ADB) may come out with another rupee bond issue of $100 million before the calendar year, ADB officials ...
Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) hopes to acquire portfolio assets of Rs 500 crore from banks with strained capital adequacy ratio (CAR). ...
The merger of IFCI with Punjab National Bank (PNB) has run into rough weather with legal experts saying the proposal cannot go ...
Bank of Maharashtra will issue one lakh Family banking card by the end of the current fiscal.
The bank has so far issued 20,000 ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has moved the Gujarat High Court seeking action against the Registrar of Companies (RoC), Gujarat, for ...
It is the beginning of the end of soft interest rate regime.
Falling bank rates are likely to take a reverse route and start ...
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has taken up a participatory exercise for preparing a project plan ...
The scam-tainted Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) will have to repay more than Rs 200 crore to around 13,000 ...
Money market
Reserve Bank of India will go live with the online real time gross settlement (RTGS) system in a month, a senior official said. ...
SBI Life Insurance Company has downward revised its expectations on the bancassurance front.

The housing finance sectors overall profitability is likely to come under pressure since the incremental return on equity (RoE) ...
Bancs, a shared ATM network compising 12 public/ private sector banks, private sector banks, and co-operative banks, and ...
United Bank of India (UBI) is eyeing Rs 400-500 crore net profit during the current financial year and is expected to wipe off ...
Reserve Bank of India has sounded the alarm bell on home loans.

Gartner Inc has forecast significant consolidation in the Indian public sector bank ownership structure with the Indian ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is keeping its options open of selling its stake in IDBI Bank even as the government ...
The chairman of a leading Indian information technology outfit found himself hungry though he had $5,000 in travellers cheques ...
The much-talked about insurance scheme for over seven lakh diamond cutters and polishers, launched by the Surat Diamond ...
Credit Rating Information Services of India Ltd (Crisil), on request from Confederation of Indian Industries (CII), will provide ...
UTI Bank is planning to increase its branch network in the south to about 80 from the existing 44 by the end of the next ...
Markets Report
The Centre has finally shown some urgency in filling up the number two slot in various public sector banks.

Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to get their act together and ensure timely achievements of targets, both qualitative and ...
The bond market gave an overwhelming response to Asian Development Banks first rupee bond issue today.

Commerical banks are queuing up in the bond market to raise Tier II capital.
Issues worth Rs 2,000 crore are likely to hit the ...
Capital adequacy and asset liability management are familiar aspects of a banks balance sheet.
Going one step ahead, the Reserve ...
Banks are no longer smitten by the rush for foreign currency-denominated deposits.
Even before the deposits
could catch the fancy ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) directed all state and district central co-operative banks and regional rural banks (RRBs) to ...
United Bank of India (UBI) intends to focus on the rural segment to grow its asset book.
The bank, which has Rs 18,000 crore in ...
Gilt prices zoom
Volumes in the secondary bonds market have fallen by almost 60-70 per cent since the rally seen in October-November, 2003.

Work at banks and insurance companies across the country were paralysed yesterday because of the one-day strike called by ...
Ramesh Gelli, the founder and former chairman and managing director of Global Trust Bank (GTB), is planning to set up a Rs 100 ...
To simplify current account transactions, the Reserve Bank of India has announced another tranche of transactions which will ...
ICICI Bank has securitised personal loans worth Rs 349.82 crore.

Banks are cashing in on the growing interest of retail investors in mutual funds (MFs) by offering loans against MF units at ...
It is not just the big cities that are shining for retailers and marketers.
Consumer spending metrics are increasingly pointing ...
Bank of Maharashtras Rs 230 crore initial public offer is scheduled to open on February 25.
The proceeds from the IPO would be ...
Money market
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed its regional offices to process quickly and give 'in-principle' approval within a ...
That credit cards are a largely metro phenomenon is a myth, according to a recent ICICI Bank study.

The Government of India has capped the amount to be issued under market stabilisation scheme (MSS) at Rs 60,000 crore for the ...
At a time when BPO operations are much in the news on account of the US backlash and the Indian government imposing tax on ...
Standard Chartered Bank launched its equated monthly installments (EMI) card yesterday.

Habitual credit card defaulters and concurrent home loan borrowers beware.

In a first of its kind deal in the Indian banking industry, Bank of India (BoI) is outsourcing its total information technology ...
The Madras High Court has granted an ad interim injunction to the Nadar Mahajana Sangam, the apex body representing the Nadars, ...
ICICI Bank has started securitising micro credit.
The Economist released its India survey "India's Shining Hopes" in Mumbai yesterday.

The Economist released its India survey "India's Shining Hopes" in Mumbai yesterday.

RBI has allowed Indian companies to raise ECBs for overseas acquisitions.

The Union government seems to be completely at sea about its plans for the financial sector.
The most recent proposal is to merge ...
To promote housing activities, the Rajasthan government has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the State Bank of ...
To promote housing activities, the Rajasthan government has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the State Bank of ...
The Maharashtra government has paid Rs 105 crore worth state-backed loan outstandings of 10 co-operative sugar factories and 12 ...
The Maharashtra government has paid Rs 105 crore worth state-backed loan outstandings of 10 co-operative sugar factories and 12 ...
Pulls and pressures on banking system
Despite the fact that Asian Development Bank (ADB), and Kephinance Investment [Mauritius] Pte Ltd (KIPL) have acquired additional ...
The spot rupee is due for further gains this week as the dollar weakens.
According to dealers, the spot rupee is likely to hover ...
Though it was believed that more and more corporates will tap the primary markets to raise funds, the scenario looks different.
While the liquidity situation remains abundant, the high inflation rate has played a spoilsport.

The abundant liquidity situation will continue this week.
Authorities are set to finalise the market stabilisation bond (MSB) ...
Government security prices continued to fall last week as investors, particularly foreign and private sector banks, went on a ...
An ICICI Bank study projects the retail spending to touch Rs 21,00,000 crore in 2010.

Curbing demand for physical gold and offering natural hedge are the twin triggers.

India Inc can now offer foreign currency loans to its employees working overseas freely without seeking the permission of the ...
Securities Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has awarded private insurers - both life and non-life - the status of qualified ...
Money market
Buying a car on loan today works out cheaper than going for a home loan and the interest rate is almost on par with the ...
Bank of Maharashtra (MahaBank) expects to emerge as a zero non-performing-asset bank by 2007 while its business is slated to grow ...
Foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) are the flavour of the market as corporates are setting their borrowing priorities ...
With the opening up of insurance sector and competition between various insurance companies growing tougher by the day, most life ...
UTI Bank is foraying into merchant acquiring business in a big way.
It has already set up around 1,000 electronic data capture ...
Money market
Prudential Life Insurance is likely to increase its holding in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company to 49 per cent.

Housing and Urban Development Corporation Ltd (Hudco), digressing from its core activity of financing housing infrastructure ...
Life insurers are confused about their role in the pension sector.
With the Centre expected to allow only nine players, life ...
Market stabilisation bonds/bills (MSBs) are likely to be launched along with the revised liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) ...
In tune with the industrial upswing, third quarter (October-December 2003) profit before tax and net profit of 445 companies ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has set up offices in 51 branches of Stock Holding Corporation of India Ltd (SHCIL). ...
The finance ministry is considering merging IDFC with SBI.

State Bank of India (SBI) will shortly kickstart its web-enabled remittance service for non-resident Indians based in the US.

Union rural development minister Kashiram Rana lauded the role played by co-operative credit societies in Gujarat at a time when ...
Actuaries have upped the ante against the finance ministrys proposal to provide charter status to the Actuarial Society of India ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) is likely to allow the entry of stand-alone health insurance companies with ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) Chairman C.S. Rao did some tough talking when he asked third party ...
Birla Sun Life Insurance Company will double its share capital to Rs 500 crore by the end of the sixth year of operations.

The chairmen and chief executive officers of private sector banks won't any longer have to knock on the Reserve Bank of India's ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) said it will mobilise Rs 50,000 crore required for the ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may make it mandatory to channel payments meant for gold imports through banks.

Asian Development Bank (ADB) will launch its maiden bond issue in India on February 23.

New insurance business written in Asia is increasing for many global insurance companies.
The high level of savings and growing ...
Money market
Kotak Mahindra Bank will concentrate on stabilising its operations for the time being, and will scout for inorganic growth ...
Asian Development Bank (ADB), and Kephinance Investment [Mauritius] Pte Ltd (KIPL) have acquired an additional 6.5 per cent stake ...
NRI deposits slumped to $232 million in November from $1.3 billion in the previous month, according to data released by the ...
One out of every four companies that had failed to repay loans was able to clear the debt within an average period of 2.5 years ...
Andhra Pradesh State Financial Corporation (APSFC) has evinced interest in securing an insurance corporate agency registration. ...
Andhra Pradesh State Financial Corporation (APSFC) has evinced interest in securing an insurance corporate agency registration. ...
Temasek Holdings has raised its stake in ICICI Bank to 7.28 per cent through its affiliate  Allamanda Investments Pte Ltd  a ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to have initiated an informal enquiry into the books of some banks and non-banking ...
Money Market
A rush to check losses in portfolio ahead of the approaching financial year end and lack of positive triggers spurred unloading ...
ICICI Lombard General Insurance and Amadeus, a service provider for computer reservation system (CSR) in India, have tied up to ...
Dismantling of the current tariff regime will put an end to the cross-subsidisation of non-tariff products taking place in the ...
NRI C.
Sivasankaran sells 33% stake in Tamilnad Mercantile Bank to Nadars for Rs 130 crore.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the finance ministry are exploring the option of replacing a part of the central banks ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to be gearing up banks for a national launch of its online income tax collection ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to be gearing up banks for a national launch of its online income tax collection ...
HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company is set to cross the Rs 500 crore sum assured mark in Gujarat.

Bank of Maharashtra (MahaBank) has received the Securities and Exchange Board of Indias approval for its Rs 230 crore initial ...
The announcements in the mini-Budget have further strengthened the positive view on the spot rupee which is expected to gain ...
Gilt prices saw a fall during the last week following a base rate hike by the Bank of England which fuelled the feeling that ...
Except for the bond issue of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) issue, there are no other primary issues in the market this week.
The sentiment in government securities may remain weak this week and trading is expected to be range-bound.
The liquidity situation seems to be no more the crucial factor for the movement in the bond market.

For life insurance companies, the battlefield has moved to the unit-linked platform.
And Birla Sun Life Insurance Company, ...
Public sector insurance major Life insurance Corporation of India hopes to register a total premium income of Rs 10,000 crore ...
The board of Global Trust Bank (GTB) will meet in Mumbai today to review issues related to its capital restructuring.

Going by the figures released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its Weekly Statistical Supplement (WSS), the reserve money ...
Outflows will be mild
The lending community wants to cap power tariff at Rs 2 to Rs 2.50 per unit as a precondition for financial closure for all power ...
On January 18, 2004, the Indian Institute of Banking and Finance (formerly Indian Institute of Bankers) broke from its past and ...
State Bank of India reshuffled its executives yesterday.

Customers consider the ATM facility as the key criterion before opening an account in any bank today.

Money market
Multilateral development banks and agencies in India will be allowed to hedge their rupee exposure to fixed income derivatives. ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), which is on the threshold of being converted into a full-fledged commercial bank, ...
Centurion Bank expects to come out with its right issue of about Rs 65 crore by June.
Addressing media persons in Chennai, ...
Although commercial banks of Gujarat have been performing better than expected as far as priority sector lending is concerned, ...
Although commercial banks of Gujarat have been performing better than expected as far as priority sector lending is concerned, ...
On January 18, 2004, the Indian Institute of Banking and Finance (formerly Indian Institute of Bankers) broke from its past and ...
Money market
HSBC and I-Sec have been appointed as lead arrangers for Asian Development Banks (ADB) first rupee bond issue.

The Reserve Bank of Indias decision to free capital flows up to $25,000 for individuals may trigger capital exodus from the ...
The appreciation in global currencies, like the euro, pound sterling and the Australian dollar against the rupee by well over 10 ...
In yet another move to liberalise foreign exchange management regulations, the Reserve Bank of India permitted banks to grant ...
Co-operative banks in Saurashtra and Kutch have decided to move the Gujarat High Court against a state government notification ...
Money market
Deposit Insurance Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) has decided to double the deposit insurance premium to 10 paise per Rs 100 ...
Depositors in 35 multi-state co-operative banks, holding deposits of around Rs 30,000 crore, have become ineligible for deposit ...
Domestic rating agency Icra is on the lookout for five to six medium-sized outsourcing firms as it plans to step up its presence ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) have joined the bandwagon to offer the global Indian a host of foreign exchange products.

Citigroup has executed Indias first floating rate issuance for receivables of Rs 252 crore using the five-year government ...
ICICI Bank on Wednesday carried out Indias first collateralised debt obligation (CDO) transaction backed by corporate loan ...
More relaxations in foreign exchange regulations are on the anvil.
Following the easing of various caps in foreign exchange ...
The credit economy is on a roll.
The personal credit outstanding in the country climbed four times to Rs 1,60,000 crore in 2003 ...
The credit economy is on a roll.
The personal credit outstanding in the country climbed four times to Rs 1,60,000 crore in 2003 ...
OM Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company, the life insurance division of the Kotak group, is targetting a 300 per cent rise in ...
Pay up or face eviction - LIC Housing Finance to its defaulting customers.

Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) considers Gujarat as the most important state in the country for its business, Uday Kotak, vice ...
The board of the Jalna District Central Co-operative Bank (JDCC) has been dissolved by the Commissioner for Co-operation & ...
Money market
ICICI Securities (I-Sec), the investment banking arm of ICICI Bank, is drawing up a blue-print of possible acquisition targets by ...
Indian Banks Association (IBA) has formed a small group to examine how the benefits of technological developments in the banking ...
Insurance companies will no longer need to resort to accounting jugglery if they are keen to air their TV commercials on foreign ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has surpassed the targeted premium of Rs 1,830 crore under group insurance schemes ...
ICICI Banks plan to float a Rs 3,500 crore equity issue may have been triggered by two critical objectives: ring-fencing against ...
ICICI Bank board approved plans to raise up to Rs 3,000 crore through a domestic public issue of shares by April.

Banking on the brand support of Icra, the Mumbai-based Online Indiacapital.com Ltd  rechristened Icra Online Ltd  plans to make ...
After a gap of four years, ICICI Bank plans to enter the equity market to raise fresh capital.

Money market Sentiment: Moderate
Life insurers will have to discontinue all products that, as an extension of a policy, has a compulsory rider attached to it.

The Reserve Bank of India has formed a high power committee headed by the governor for integrated market surveillance and alert ...
Banks have launched an interest rate war on foreign exchange deposits to attract global Indians.
Citibank was first off the ...
HSBC has received approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) for its investment in UTI Bank.

Bank of Baroda (BoB) is on the lookout for an acquisition.

.Punjab National Bank (PNB) has decided to pick up eight per cent stake in the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange ...
National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPC) is set to conduct roadshows for its forthcoming international bonds issue.

National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPC) is set to conduct roadshows for its forthcoming international bonds issue.

Public sector banks in the country will come on par with private and foreign banks operating in India within three years, Bank of ...
If you thought only the best-rated corporates can raise resources from the bond market at fine coupons, think again.

As part of its internal restructuring, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to have taken an in-principle decision to ...
Andhra Bank has entered into an agreement with Corporation Bank to share ATMs.
The arrangement, which will be operationalised ...
A local court on Saturday declared 11 persons as absconders in the Rs 44 crore Suryapur Co-operative Bank scam.

Government security prices are expected to remain range-bound this week.

Liquidity seems to be no longer a key factor for the bond market.
Despite being in abundance last week, the markets crumbled on ...
With the relaxation of the external commercial borrowing (ECB) norms, most of the triple A-rated corporates are weighing options ...
After a week of lacklustre sentiment, the bond market got to a good start on interim Budget day.
This was after the mini Budget ...
The provisions in the interim Budget have further strengthened the positive outlook on the spot rupee, which is expected to gain ...
Some volatility on the cards
The Reserve Bank of India task force on small savings schemes is understood to have recommended an almost 50 basis point cut ...
Money market
The Reserve Bank of India has yet again extended the time limit for processing of applications for one-time settlement (OTS) of ...
A flat inflation rate of 6.12% aggravated the weakness in government securities.

The twelve private life insurance players in the country have carved out a market share of 11.79 per cent of the Rs 9,713 crore ...
Indian cricket fans might hate the Australian team, but as depositors they have taken a fancy to Australian dollar deposits as ...
In a move that will bring immense relief to recognised trading houses and export-oriented units, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
The Wholesale Price Index-based inflation level fell marginally to 6.12 per cent for the week ended January 24.
This is the ...
The Wholesale Price Index-based inflation level fell marginally to 6.12 per cent for the week ended January 24.
This is the ...
Even the three-fold jump in government subsidy to the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) for operating the Varishtha Pension Bima ...
Despite a Rs 800 crore assistance to co-operatives, the government is going to reduce its funding to financial institutions by ...
Despite a Rs 800 crore assistance to co-operatives, the government is going to reduce its funding to financial institutions by ...
Chennai-based Indian Bank has reported a 116.18 per cent growth in net profit for the nine months ended December 31, 2003.
Indian ...
Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) is planning to raise $200 million from World Bank with a 20-25 years tenure. ...
The Indian insurance industry may no longer be able to fall back on the General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) to pick up a ...
The wholesale debt market (WDM) segment on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) has reported a 44.5 per cent decline in turnover in ...
The Reserve Bank of India is pushing the Centre for an ordinance amending the Multi State Co-operative Societies Act (MSCA), 1984 ...
Within 24 hours of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announcing freedom for Indian residents to remit up to $25,000 overseas, banks ...
Some global banks are taking a long and hard look at Indian banks for possible acquisition following the governments decision ...
After two days of gains, the government securities market crashed yesterday with prices of long-term paper falling by almost 50 ...
Following the footsteps of State Bank of India and ICICI Bank, Canara Bank has classified its loan to Dabhol Power Company (DPC) ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to shut down 15 more branches in the Kolkata region as part of its branch rationalisation ...
South Indian Bank Ltd (SIB) on Wednesday launched SIB Suraksha, a life insurance product designed for its customers by ICICI ...
With only seven weeks left for the end of the current financial year, LICs south-central zone, has achieved only close to 50 per ...
With only seven weeks left for the end of the current financial year, LICs south-central zone, has achieved only close to 50 per ...
Resident individuals can now remit up to $25,000 per calendar year for any purpose without any distinction between the ...
Money market
The government cleared the appointment of M Damodaran as the interim chief of Industrial Development Bank of India with a tenure ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has postponed the launch of real time gross settlement (RTGS). According to dealers, RTGS
was ...
The reduction in existing stamp duties by half will significantly reduce transaction charges and benefit issuers of commercial ...
The government securities
market rallied yesterday with gilt prices moving up across securities.

In a move that will add depth to the government securities market, the Reserve Bank of India yesterday allowed multilateral ...
Ashok Leyland, the countrys second biggest truck and bus manufacturer, will raise $100 million through a foreign float, the ...
Reliance Industries Ltd has raised $250 million through a syndicated loan from a group of leading international banks.

Indian Hotels Company, the Tatas groups hosiptality company, has raised $150 million through foreign currency convertible bonds ...
Money market
Corporates can now fund acquisition of public sector undertakings on the disinvestment list through external commercial ...
The voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) announced by four public sector non-life insurance companies three weeks ago has received a ...
Faced with dues amounting to crore of rupees, hospitals have written to the central government asking that insurance companies ...
Syndicate Bank will set up a wholly owned subsidiary for marketing general insurance products.

The bond market got a leg-up yesterday following the interim Budget announcement on the government's lower fiscal deficit and ...
UTI Bank has appointed Boston Consulting Group (BCG) to work on its organisational restructuring and retail banking.

The Centre's interest payments are projected to rise 7.5 per cent to Rs 1,29,500 crore during 2004-05 compared to Rs 1,20,475 ...
The Centre's interest payments are projected to rise 7.5 per cent to Rs 1,29,500 crore during 2004-05 compared to Rs 1,20,475 ...
The co-operative banking sector is sceptical of the grand Rs 15,000 crore scheme announced by Finance Minister Jaswant Singh ...
The co-operative banking sector is sceptical of the grand Rs 15,000 crore scheme announced by Finance Minister Jaswant Singh ...
The finance ministers announcement on repositioning the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) as the countrys lead ...
The finance ministers announcement on repositioning the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) as the countrys lead ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has tied up with United India Insurance Company for marketing general insurance products.

With the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) making it difficult for co-operative banks to expand their branch network  a fall-out of ...
The Rs 5,000-crore Bajaj Auto plans to set up an asset management company (AMC) as a first step towards entering the pension ...
State Bank of India (SBI) will extend its Internet banking facility to Rajahmundry, Kakinada, Srikakulam and Vijayanagaram ...
Global Trust Bank (GTB) is expecting to complete its capital-raising exercise by February-end. The bank has recently raised its ...
Global Trust Bank (GTB) has earned a net profit of Rs 11.76 crore for the nine-month period ending December 31, 2003, as compared ...
The funds position in the market is more than adequate but there is little to cheer for the gilts mart because there are too many ...
Last weeks story will continue this week too, with primary issues of various banks and public sector undertakings in the process ...
Liquidity will remain abundant and this could be a cause for worry this time because there are no major outflows from the banking ...
Call rates hovered around 4.25-4.50 per cent in the interbank money market last week on the back of ample liquidity amid thin ...
Is there an upswing in bank credit?
A pan-India electronic funds transfer (EFT) system is set to become a reality in the next couple of months.
The Institute for ...
Centurion Bank is likely to appoint senior executives to head its different business units even as the first stage of the banks ...
As the Centre considers hiving off non-strategic equity holding of Unit Trust of India (UTI) to banks and institutions, the Life ...
Dollar weakness globally will add to the strength of the rupee and dealers see the rupee around 45.2950-45.33 throughout the ...
State non-life insurance companies intend to close down 400 of their 4,000 branches across the country to decrease overheads and ...
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation (DHFL), is planning to disburse loans to the tune of Rs 750 crore for the year 2004-05.
State Bank of India (SBI) reported a net profit of Rs 919.44 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2003.
This reflects a ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA), which has recently allowed insurance companies to invest their temporary ...
Money market
State Bank of India (SBI) chairman A K Purwar does not expect domestic interest rates to follow global interest rates, expecting ...
Financial institution IFCI Ltd reported an over 10-fold jump in its net loss to Rs 1,114.65 crore during October-December 2003 ...
IFCI Ltd, the country's oldest development finance institution, will merge with Punjab National Bank.
The boards of the two ...
IFCI Ltd, the country's oldest development finance institution, will merge with Punjab National Bank.
The boards of the two ...
Punjab National Bank has reported a 37 per cent increase in net profit during the quarter ended December 2003 to Rs 259.80 crore ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has reported a 17.5 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ended December ...
Bank of Baroda has reported a 20.66 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ending December 31, 2003, to Rs 306.95 ...
The upward bias in inflation led to a selling spree in government securities today.

A survey conducted by international consultancy firm IDC on behalf of NCR Corporation on usage pattern of automated teller ...
ICICI Bank announced a major reshuffle at its top tier.
Its executive director Kalpana Morparia has been elevated to the post of ...
The life insurance business in India is expected to grow by leaps and bounds and jump by more than 300 per cent while non-life ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) set out the norms for acquisition of stakes in private sector banks that among other things seek to ...
The issue of a merger of IFCI Ltd with Punjab National Bank (PNB) may come up for discussion during the respective board meetings ...
Bank of India (BoI) has reported a 16 per cent increase in its third quarter net profit at Rs 228.55 crore as against Rs 196.89 ...
Backed by a sharp rise in other income, ICICI Bank has reported a 33.24 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ending ...
Srei International Finance will be raising funds overseas in 2004 to part-finance its infrastructure sector projects.

Indias gems and jewellery industry is in a tizzy over mounting debts.
This year the overseas debt is estimated to be $7.5 ...
HDFC Bank expects exponential growth in its demat business if the bullishness at the stock markets continued.

Among emerging markets, Indias ratio of foreign exchange reserves to gross domestic product stands at 14.5 per cent as against a ...
Foreign direct investment (FDI) outflow from India has shown a significant increase in the recent years reflecting the global ...
The proportion of non-debt capital inflows into the country has increased from around five per cent in the latter half of 1980s ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said non-food credit offtake from banks recorded a larger expansion on a year-on-year (y-o-y) basis, ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said the downward bias in inflation rate may not be attainable due to the uncertain outlook for oil ...
Reserve Bank of India indicated that the momentum towards capital account convertibility will continue in the same vigour as ...
Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) report on currency and finance expects India to stand out as one of the fastest growing countries ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has suggested taxing foreign exchange inflows
as a means to better manage large capital inflows.
In ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is urging for correction in the excessively high minimum support prices for agricultural products, ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), the public sector undertaking which provides long-term finance to industries, will ...
HDFC Bank is ramping up its retail banking business by widening its branch network and taking its retail products to a larger ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias Report on Currency and Finance 2002-03, released yesterday has lashed out at the Centres fiscal ...
LIC Housing Finance Ltd (LICHFL) has posted a higher net profit of Rs 45.23 crore in the third quarter of fiscal 2004, up by 9.41 ...
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has registered a 21 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 142.01 crore for the third quarter in 2003-04 ...
Magma Leasing Ltd (MLL) is considering the possibility of offering a portion of the promoters 72 per cent stake in favour of ...
Tatas are open to divesting their stake in favour of the American International Group (AIG) to a maximum of 49 per cent in Tata ...
The State Bank of India (SBI)-GE Capital joint venture is set to launch SBI Cards in Sri Lanka.
SBI will be the first Indian bank ...
Credit rating agency Icra said the ratings assigned by it exhibited a higher degree of stability in 2003, reflecting the ...
Pre-tax profit of public sector banks will come down by 4.5 per cent in the near term and by 10.2 per cent over time owing to the ...
Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) intervention strategy has taken a new turn.

After the $300 million external commercial borrowing (ECB) for the steel sector, its now the turn of the textile sector.

Here are some numbers that may cheer the banks.
There are, finally, some signs of robust credit offtake.
Data put out by the ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy said development policies should not be affected by political factors.

Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy said development policies should not be affected by political factors.

IDBI Bank has posted a net profit of Rs 36.3 crore in the third quarter of fiscal 2004, reflecting a 32.5 per cent increase ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank has clocked a 67.84 per cent rise in net profit in the third quarter ending December 31, 2003, to Rs 18.95 ...
Liquidity remains abundant in the banking system, but this is not what is expected to trigger buying in gilts.
It, strangely, is ...
Liquidity will remain abundant this week in the banking system.

Corporates will soon tap the market for raising funds with most of them in the process finalising their listing mode.

Interbank call money rates ended little changed at 4.30-4.50 per cent last week 4.25/4.50 per cent on Monday.

The Moodys upgrade of India has given a shot in the arm to the rupee as the rating is expected to increase capital inflows into ...
Many constraints removed
The global markets research arm of Deutsche Bank has said that it is high time the credit channels that allow resource flow ...
The government may not issue separate Market Stabilisation Bonds or Bills (MSBs)  the proposed special variety of bills or bonds ...
If you want to earn real returns on your savings, get out of the banking system and turn to small savings.

Overseas fund raising through equity by Indian companies is all set to see a phenomenal rise in 2004, top Citigroup officials ...
The Deposit Insurance Credit Guarantee Association (DICGA) of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has appointed chartered accountants ...
HDFC Bank plans to open its branches with ATM facility at Gajuwaka and Vijayanagaram by April.

Money market
Canara Bank has registered a 34.18 per cent increase in net profit to touch Rs 954 crore for the 9-month period ended 31 December ...
Its back to school for insurance agents  individual and corporate.
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authoritys (Irda) has ...
State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank are likely to join the MasterCard-led India Co-operation Committee (ICC)s negative ...
The lifting of Indias long-term foreign currency rating to investment grade by Moodys Investors Service resulted in the spot ...
While the upgrade of India outlook by Moodys was anticipated for a long time, investment bankers active in syndication of ...
First the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) aimed for a 100 basis point increase in its average yields through secondary ...
Bank of Rajasthan has reported a 67 per cent jump in its third quarter net profit at Rs 30.65 crore as against Rs 18.36 crore in ...
Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL) has proposed $300 million external commercial borrowing (ECB) to convert part of its high-cost ...
The All Gujarat Co-operative Banks Depositors and Account Holders Association (AGCBDAHA) on Wednesday made a representation to ...
The All Gujarat Co-operative Banks Depositors and Account Holders Association (AGCBDAHA) on Wednesday made a representation to ...
ABN Amro Bank has opened a branch in Surat.

ABN Amro Bank has opened a branch in Surat.

ICICI Bank has overtaken housing finance major Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) in the first three quarters of this ...
Money market
Global rating agency Moody's Investors Service raised India's long term foreign currency ratings to investment grade Baa3 from ...
Vijaya Bank Q3 net profit has shot up by 118 per cent to touch Rs 286.90 crore as against Rs 131.11 crore for the corresponding ...
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has directed all insurers to file a reconciliation statement on purchase ...
UCO Bank has registered a 47 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 426 crore for the nine months ending December 2003, against Rs ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) has projected the big picture for the Indian banking sector.

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has expanded the scope of investment by insurance companies in mutual ...
Corporate India and bankers predicted that India would now get more foreign investment in the capital markets and in foreign ...
Corporate India and bankers predicted that India would now get more foreign investment in the capital markets and in foreign ...
Following the rating upgrade by Moodys Investor Services, India now finds itself in the company of Russia, Kazakhstan, Croatia, ...
Following the rating upgrade by Moodys Investor Services, India now finds itself in the company of Russia, Kazakhstan, Croatia, ...
Finance Minister Jaswant Singh said the upgrade of the country's foreign currency rating by Moody's Investor Services reflected ...
Finance Minister Jaswant Singh said the upgrade of the country's foreign currency rating by Moody's Investor Services reflected ...
American International Group Inc is looking at new businesses to supplement its life and general insurance and private equity ...
Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) was excluded from the restructuring process of Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL) after a meeting of ...
In another bid to refinance high-cost foreign currency debt, Reliance Industries is once again accessing the overseas market.

The last meeting of Corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR) cell for Haldia Petrochemicals (HPL) will be held in Mumbai today, and ...
Rating agency Crisil has developed a GVC (governance and value creation) model of rating for benchmarking governance practices ...
Foreign institutional investors (FII) are more bullish on public sector banks (PSB) than their private counterparts and have ...
Money market
Aviva Life Insurance India, the 74:26 joint venture between Dabur India and UKs largest insurer Aviva plc, is eyeing a premium ...
The rate of inflation will remain within the projected range of 4-4.5 per cent and the economy is resilient enough to take care ...
Anne Krueger, first deputy managing director of International Monetary Fund (IMF), has suggested a more flexible approach for the ...
The Sajjan Jindal-controlled Jindal Vijaynagar Steel (JVSL) has renegotiated Rs 400 crore debt with a foreign lender, which has ...
Forex market
Aviva Life Insurance has hiked its capital by another Rs 88 crore to Rs 243 crore for sustained growth in business, which doubled ...
As a precursor to conversion into a bank, Industrial Development Bank of India has increased its branch network from 39 to over ...
Syndicate Bank has reported a net profit of Rs 305 crore for the nine months ended December 31, 2003, up 25 per cent over the ...
UTI Bank has reported a rise in net profit of 45.35 per cent for the third quarter ended December 31, 2003, to Rs 74.86 crore as ...
The consortium of banks that lends food credit to the Food Corporation of India (FCI) has decided to cut the interest rate by 1.5 ...
The consortium of banks that lends food credit to the Food Corporation of India (FCI) has decided to cut the interest rate by 1.5 ...
The Union governments initiative to relax the external commercial borrowing (ECB) guidelines, less than two months after they ...
A review petition filed by the Apex Urban Co-operative Bank of Maharashtra and Goa against cancellation of its banking licence ...
A review petition filed by the Apex Urban Co-operative Bank of Maharashtra and Goa against cancellation of its banking licence ...
Over Rs 220 crore interest subsidy on co-operative farm loans was availed of by the farmers during the last one year, according ...
Over Rs 220 crore interest subsidy on co-operative farm loans was availed of by the farmers during the last one year, according ...
Munich Re, the reinsurance major, has decided to revive talks with the Reliance group for setting up a reinsurance company in ...
Munich Re, the reinsurance major, has decided to revive talks with the Reliance group for setting up a reinsurance company in ...
The Reserve Bank
of India (RBI) gave final approval to the capital restructuring plan of Centurion Bank.

Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank plans to raise $100 million from foreign banks and institutions in 2004-05.
The Indian Bankers Association (IBA) has asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to take a relook at the existing guidelines on ...
Money market
Union Bank of Indias net profit nudged up by 4.49 per cent to Rs 150.04 crore in the quarter ended December 31, 2003 as against ...
Federal Bank has posted a 37.40 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 113.30 crore for the nine months ended December 31, 2003, ...
The ministry of external affairs is considering a proposal to allow commercial banks to extend lines of credit to foreign ...
The ministry of external affairs is considering a proposal to allow commercial banks to extend lines of credit to foreign ...
The finance ministry yielded to India Incs demand for easier access to external commercial borrowings (ECBs) by permitting ...
The finance ministry yielded to India Incs demand for easier access to external commercial borrowings (ECBs) by permitting ...
The finance ministry will soon finalise a comprehensive agriculture loan package after consultations with the agriculture ...
The finance ministry will soon finalise a comprehensive agriculture loan package after consultations with the agriculture ...
While liquidity remains abundant this week, rising inflation and no major triggers means participants will be desperate to search ...
The spread between the triple A rated five-year paper and corresponding gilt is currently around 65-70 basis points.

New tasks, gains for banks
Call rates hovered around 4.25-4.50 per cent at the inter-bank money market last week on the back of ample liquidity amid poor ...
Liquidity will remain abundant in the banking system despite fund outflows far outstripping inflows this week.

Global strengthening of dollar on the intervention by various central banks to keep their respective currencies slowed down the ...
To prevent a recurrence of the HomeTrade scam, the finance ministry is planning to ask provident funds to take membership on ...
To prevent a recurrence of the HomeTrade scam, the finance ministry is planning to ask provident funds to take membership on ...
The government's proposal to create a Rs 50,000 crore fund for the core sector has taken a new turn with the Centre mulling to ...
Canara Bank is targeting a business of Rs 1,31,000 crore by the end of this fiscal compared with Rs 1,12,000 crore in last ...
Unlisted companies are increasingly feeling the heat after tapping the market following the SEBI- RBI circular on private ...
Unlisted companies are increasingly feeling the heat after tapping the market following the SEBI- RBI circular on private ...
Despite numerous tax cuts announced in the mini-Budget, market borrowings will not get affected as there will not be any ...
Despite numerous tax cuts announced in the mini-Budget, market borrowings will not get affected as there will not be any ...
Former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Dr Bimal Jalan said decision making in the economy cannot be independent till the ...
Former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Dr Bimal Jalan said decision making in the economy cannot be independent till the ...
The rise in inflation over the last quarter has pushed the real rate of interest on the benchmark 7.40 per cent 2012 government ...
The rise in inflation over the last quarter has pushed the real rate of interest on the benchmark 7.40 per cent 2012 government ...
India needs to check the rise in its fiscal deficit to ensure a faster growth.

India needs to check the rise in its fiscal deficit to ensure a faster growth.

The finance ministry admitted that the increasing inflation, which has now crossed 6 per cent, was a cause for concern and it ...
The finance ministry admitted that the increasing inflation, which has now crossed 6 per cent, was a cause for concern and it ...
Im really thrilled by the events of the past few days, exults Indira Rajaraman, RBI Professor at the National Institute of ...
Im really thrilled by the events of the past few days, exults Indira Rajaraman, RBI Professor at the National Institute of ...
The government must go slow on support to agriculture and industry through targeted credit and subsidised interest rates if South ...
The government must go slow on support to agriculture and industry through targeted credit and subsidised interest rates if South ...
The government is likely to clarify its policy on permitting foreign banks to acquire 100 per cent stake in Indian private banks. ...
The government is likely to clarify its policy on permitting foreign banks to acquire 100 per cent stake in Indian private banks. ...
With the rate of inflation breaching 6 per cent, real interest rates on gilts of all maturities are negative.

With the rate of inflation breaching 6 per cent, real interest rates on gilts of all maturities are negative.

What all uses can the ATM-cum-Debit Card possibly be put to?
That you can withdraw cash, verify balance in the account, transfer ...
Money market
Munich Re, the reinsurance major, has decided to revive talks with the Reliance group for setting up a reinsurance company in ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is in the process of setting up a regional processing centre (RPC) in Mumbai.

The Kotak Mahindra group, which has an asset reconstruction division, is toying with the idea of setting up a full-fledged asset ...
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI)has entered the market to raise around Rs 800 crore, which includes a greenshoe option ...
Talks are on between the National Housing Bank (NHB), the ministry of finance and the ministry of labour to allow provident funds ...
The government has cleared the decks for more equity deals such as HSBC-UTI Bank in the country following its announcement to ...
The increase in foreign direct investment (FDI) to 74 per cent in the banking sector is unlikely to have a major impact as the ...
The Union Cabinet has permitted foreign banks to set up wholly-owned subsidiaries in India besides raising the foreign direct ...
The Union Cabinet has permitted foreign banks to set up wholly-owned subsidiaries in India besides raising the foreign direct ...
Residuary non-banking company Peerless General Finance & Investment Co Ltd (PGFICL) has targeted a Rs 1,100 crore deposit ...
The government is considering utilising electronic funds transfer mechanism for instant transfer of customs payments that ...
The government is considering utilising electronic funds transfer mechanism for instant transfer of customs payments that ...
Money market
Allahabad Bank and Bank of India (BoI) will subscribe to 10 per cent and 15 per cent stakes, respectively, in ASREC India Ltd, ...
The government will rope in foreign funds and multilateral agencies to create the proposed Rs 50,000 crore core sector fund.

Ministry of Civil Aviation and Ministry of Surface Transport (MoST) are in talks with financial institutions (FIs) to fund ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) plans to meet the entire 150 per cent solvency margin by March this year.

Even though the commerce ministry is weighing the option of an early Exim Policy announcement, the government is planning ...
Even though the commerce ministry is weighing the option of an early Exim Policy announcement, the government is planning ...
Finance Minister Jaswant Singh yesterday said the economy would grow at about eight per cent in 2003-04.
Finance Minister Jaswant Singh yesterday said the economy would grow at about eight per cent in 2003-04.
The Kolkata-based Allahabad Bank reported a 115 per cent rise in the net profit at Rs 98.36 crore in the third quarter ...
Corporation Bank has reported a 25.38 per cent decline in its net profit to Rs 113.28 crore for the third quarter ended December ...
IndusInd Bank has reported a 210.4 per cent increase in net profit for the third quarter ended December 31,2003 to Rs 77.09 crore ...
Money market
Allianz Bajaj has launched a unit-linked policy  UnitGain.
It offers a choice of 4 funds equity, debt, balanced and cash funds. ...
The Indian Banks Associations Code for Banking Practice is set to undergo a makeover.
To be christened as the Model Code for ...
The Centre is likely to provide around Rs 750 crore to Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) in the third supplementary ...
In line with the guidelines for non-SLR investments for banks, the Reserve Bank of India yesterday clarified the investment norms ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has sought government permission to raise $215 million overseas to finance a debt restructuring ...
States will issue Rs 8,000 crore of additional securities as part of their ongoing debt swap programme to reduce high cost ...
States will issue Rs 8,000 crore of additional securities as part of their ongoing debt swap programme to reduce high cost ...
The Reserve Bank of India has notified that Indian corporates/ registered partnership firms can invest up to 100 per cent of ...
The finance ministry is likely to ask the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to issue a new set of bonds, instead of government ...
The finance ministry is likely to ask the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to issue a new set of bonds, instead of government ...
Money market
The National Stock Exchange is considering a proposal to bring down the listing fee for debt issues.

The ten-year paper of Maharashtra, which was auctioned yesterday, fetched an unusually high rate of 6 per cent as against an ...
H Srikrishnan, who is currently the country head (transaction banking and operations) at HDFC Bank, is picking up a minority ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has revamped its debt borrowing programme as an effort to be in line with new ...
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) bought an additional 5.82 crore equity shares of public and private sector banks during ...
The corporate bond market is still in the process of coming back into action.

Liquidity will be the key factor in the government securities market this week.
Participants have regained the confidence in the ...
The rupee ended firmer against the dollar on bunched up inflows after the weekend clubbed with muted demand.

The mini Budget has further strengthened the positive view on the spot rupee which is expected to gain against the dollar.

Part of Rs 50,000 crore corpus being created for agricultural infrastructure and rural credit fund will be used to restructure ...
The market is expecting the 10-year yield to hover in the range of 5.05-12 per cent.
The government has launched the biggest ever loan mela in the history.
It will force the banking community to dole out Rs ...
The government has launched the biggest ever loan mela in the history.
It will force the banking community to dole out Rs ...
The IDBI-led consortium of domestic lenders, with exposure in the $3 billion Dabhol power project, has got the approval from the ...
The IDBI-led consortium of domestic lenders, with exposure in the $3 billion Dabhol power project, has got the approval from the ...
The textiles and garments industry, the single largest contributor to the countrys export basket, is the worst affected because ...
The textiles and garments industry, the single largest contributor to the countrys export basket, is the worst affected because ...
The newly constituted Asset Reconstruction Company of India Ltd (ARCIL) has taken over assets of six companies at a discount of ...
HDFC Bank has reported a 31.8 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 130.4 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2003 as ...
The dust kicked up over the delay in appointments of executive directors (EDs) in various public sector banks is likely to settle ...
Money market
The rupee is likely to touch 43.50 by the end of calendar 2004 and will be at around 45-45.25 against the dollar by the end of ...
A merger between Punjab National Bank and financial institution IFCI Ltd is in the works with Finance Minister Jaswant Singh ...
Dada-Dadi bonds  likely to be modelled on Granny Bonds overseas  may replace the Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana.
The Varishta ...
Dada-Dadi bonds  likely to be modelled on Granny Bonds overseas  may replace the Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana.
The Varishta ...
Dada-Dadi bonds  likely to be modelled on Granny Bonds overseas  are set to replace Varishta Pension Bima Yojana.
The Varishta ...
Dada-Dadi bonds  likely to be modelled on Granny Bonds overseas  are set to replace Varishta Pension Bima Yojana.
The Varishta ...
Chairman of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), C S Rao, on Thursday stressed on the need to safeguard the ...
Employees of banks and corporates can heave a sigh of relief after the finance ministry yesterday notified that for perquisite ...
Money market
Banks have sought parallel status for the bonds to be issued from the market stabilisation fund (MSF) on a par with government ...
Federal Bank may tap the capital markets with a rights-cum-public issue in the coming financial year, according to the bank ...
ING Vysya Life Insurance Company is planning to rope in major urban co-operative banks (UCBs) as bancassurance partners to widen ...
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has slashed interest rates on various short-term/ medium-term ...
Union Bank of India today signed an agreement with HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company to offer its depositors insurance cover. ...
Despite the state governments efforts to revive the Visnagar-based Sarvodaya Nagarik Co-operative Bank by asking two other banks ...
Bond prices went up by 40-50 paise across maturities following the cut-off rate announced at the open market operation (OMO) held ...
The government has exempted banks from taking its permission for raising tier-II capital from the market.

Jammu & Kashmir Bank has reported a 23.12 per cent increase in net profit for the third quarter ended December 31, 2003 to Rs ...
The Reserve Bank of India yesterday said the economy was likely to grow around 7 per cent in 2003-04 and gave its projection an ...
The government is considering lowering interest rates for small scale and tiny industries as part of a financial package for the ...
The government is considering lowering interest rates for small scale and tiny industries as part of a financial package for the ...
Attorney General Soli Sorabjee apprised the Supreme Court of the safeguards that could be introduced in the Securitisation and ...
Attorney General Soli Sorabjee apprised the Supreme Court of the safeguards that could be introduced in the Securitisation and ...
To streamline operations and widen its reach, the Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has set up four zonal ...
The Reserve Bank of India, after trimming its manpower through the recently concluded optional early retirement scheme (OERS), is ...
Money market
Citigroup has announced the appointment of Atul Malik as chief operating officer of the global consumer group (GCG), Hong Kong.
Centurion Bank announced the appointment of Shailendra Bhandari, managing director of Prudential-ICICI Asset Management Co, as ...
The 7.38 per cent 2015 government stock was oversubscribed by almost Rs 9,000 crore at the auction held here today.

Reserve Bank of India Governor Y V Reddy yesterday warned banks that they could go out of business if savers decided to divert ...
The corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell of banks and financial institutions has rejected a request from the Southern ...
Syndicate Banks AP zone has well exceeded its set targets for the nine months period ended December 2003.
The bank did a total ...
Though private and nationalised banks have reduced interest rates on home loans to around 6.5-7.5 per cent in the last one year, ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the largest Indian institutional investor in the equity market, is likely to invest ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has decided to permit interest rate futures contracts on a ten-year bond ...
The State Bank of India scrip touched an all-time high of Rs 604 in intra-day trades on Monday, before closing at Rs 601.25, up ...
The fund-flush Coal Miners Provident Fund is making big time investments in debt.
It has picked up significant portions of the ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is exploring the possibility of merging IDBI Home Finance, a 100 per cent ...
The government said nationalised banks need not return equity since they would require more capital once the Basle II norms, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has come down heavily on the foreign and private sector banks for shying away from priority ...
Money market
Wage negotiations between the managements of public sector banks (PSBs) and employee unions has hit an air pocket.

Syndicate Bank is planning to raise Rs 100 crore subordinated debt within two months to shore up its capital adequacy ratio ...
A referendum to recognise employees unions and staff associations of the four public sector general insurance companies - United ...
A V Vedpuriswar, the dean of Knowledge Centre, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India (ICFAI) University, Hyderabad, ...
A V Vedpuriswar, the dean of Knowledge Centre, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India (ICFAI) University, Hyderabad, ...
While the abundant liquidity in the banking system will drive down yields on government securities, the market is expecting the ...
The outlook on the spot rupee is strong but cautious.
The Reserve Bank may step in to curb any appreciation in the rupee against ...
Liquidity will be abundant in the system though there will be a net outflow of around Rs 11,000 crore.
The abundance in liquidity ...
The rupee fell by a whopping 11 paise against the US dollar on the inter-bank foreign exchange (forex) last week due to fag-end ...
The market has got a boost following the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi)-RBI clarification that the new circular ...
The Rs 500 crore price stabilisation fund (PSF) scheme for tea, coffee, rubber and tobacco growers is slated to become ...
BHW Holding ACG of Germany is expected to raise its holding in Birla Home Finance Ltd (BHFL) to 74 per cent soon.
BHW had ...
Centurion Bank has roped in Morgan Stanley as merchant banker for its proposed Rs 65 crore rights or public issue for its second ...
IDBI Bank is in talks with the ministry of external affairs and ministry of personal & grievances to handle their inward and ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) could well feature in Ripleys Believe it or not.
The expert committee on remuneration system for insurance brokers, agents in general insurance business has mooted a separate ...
Effective rate is the key
The Centres New Year gift of Rs 8,000 crore in interest on the Special Deposit Scheme (SDS) to provident funds (PFs) has left ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed banks to raise the margin on all advances against shares and financing of initial ...
The Telangana region in the state occupies both the top and bottom slots in credit disbursals by the banks for the period ended ...
Public Sector Banks (PSBs) are reluctant to acquire the central governments 50 per cent stake in regional rural banks (RRBs). ...
The Reserve Bank of Indias committee on interest rate derivative yesterday recommended that banks wanting to trade in interest ...
Public sector banks (PSB) will gain a better edge over their private sector and foreign peers on the technological front as they ...
Crisil has reported a 43 per cent drop in its net profit at Rs 3.13 crore in the third quarter ended December 31, 2003, as ...
Birla Home Finance Ltd (BHFL), which disbursed Rs 310 crore in home loans during the last fiscal year, has now decided to ...
The private sector banks, which have 341 branches in the state, are lagging way behind others in meeting the Reserve Bank of ...
The Gujarat government has said none of the 20 co-operative banks in the state, which had collapsed in the past one and a half ...
Narender Kumar exhults in his debit card.
Earlier we had to carry cash while shopping and there always was the risk of losing ...
Narender Kumar exhults in his debit card.
Earlier we had to carry cash while shopping and there always was the risk of losing ...
The Central government has appointed India Invest Economic Foundation, a private agency, as consultant for operationalisation of ...
Money market
HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company will gradually offer all its existing insurance schemes on a unit-linked platform in ...
The total gain in the foreign exchange reserves of India maintained abroad has fallen to $1.8 billion for the first half ...
There is a consensus among bankers about the gradual appreciation of rupee this year.
On the interest rate front, however, the ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked life insurance companies to withdraw the growth option for ...
The government has announced revisions in the operative guidelines for foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs).
The government has announced revisions in the operative guidelines for foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs).
Indian Inc is learning to cope with the rising rupee.
A year back, the exporting community was crying foul terming loss of ...
Money market
ICICI Bank said its credit cards user base has crossed the two-million mark, making it the leading cards player in the country.
A ...
The Reserve Bank of India has permitted the Clearing Corporation of India Ltd (CCIL) to offer its indigeneously developed money ...
The profitability of the Indian banking sector will come under pressure due to intense competition and expansion into newer areas ...
The rupee appreciated around 5 per cent against the dollar in 2003, its highest gain in a calendar year in the last decade.

Provident fund (PF) trusts set up by corporates and public sector undertakings (PSUs) are migrating to investment in secondary ...
Life insurance companies can no longer market their policies illustrating more than 10 per cent gross returns.

Business Standard takes a look at how the surging rupee has impacted various sectors.

Cholamandalam Financial Services Group (Chola FSG), the financial services wing of the Chennai-based Rs 4,200-crore Murugappa ...
Cholamandalam Financial Services Group (Chola FSG), the financial services wing of the Chennai-based Rs 4,200-crore Murugappa ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has tied-up with the Intelligence Bureau (IB) of police for disbursing home loans at easy terms and ...
Money market
The debt market once again saw interest rates falling across maturities in calendar 2003 but the slide has not been as stiff as ...
State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS), the only nationalised bank headquartered in Gujarat, is targeting a 100 per cent rise in net ...
The rupee dollar exchange rate saw the highest appreciation of almost five per cent in calendar year 2003.
The rupee opened at ...
The expert committee set up to examine remuneration system for general insurance brokers and agents has recommended that ...
The finance ministry will be releasing about Rs 10,000 crore of additional liquidity into the markets soon in lieu of interest ...
The finance ministry will be releasing about Rs 10,000 crore of additional liquidity into the markets soon in lieu of interest ...
Corporates planning big-ticket external commercial borrowing will have lots to cheer about in the new year.
The government is ...
Corporates planning big-ticket external commercial borrowing will have lots to cheer about in the new year.
The government is ...
IndusInd Bank , which announced a scheme of amalgamation by way of merger of Ashok Leyland Finance Limited (ALFL) last week, ...
Money market
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (IRDA) has come down heavily on insurance companies on the issue of filing for new ...
Indias foreign exchange reserves, now at $100.05 billion, is expected to reach $104 billion by March, but its high growth may ...
The Centres initiative to compulsorily insure emigrants going abroad for employment has received immense support from the ...
The Industrial Development Bank of Indias (IDBI) plan to raise $300 million abroad has received the governments nod.

State Bank of India (SBI) announced a 25 basis point reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) to 10.25 per cent, ...
The Centre is not likely to accept the demand made by foreign banks operating in India for tax deduction at par with that of ...
The Centre is not likely to accept the demand made by foreign banks operating in India for tax deduction at par with that of ...
The Supreme Court ruled last week that primary agricultural co-operative banks, separate undertakings with their own balance ...
The Supreme Court ruled last week that primary agricultural co-operative banks, separate undertakings with their own balance ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is said to be looking into complaints lodged by some private sector mutual ...
Liquidity continues to be more than adequate in the system with no major credit offtake in the banking industry or any government ...
Yields on medium and long-tenor gilts eased by about five to 10 basis points last week as mutual funds and banks increased their ...
Yields on gilts, especially those with slightly long and long tenors, are expected to come off by about 10 basis points in the ...
AAA-rated long-tenor non-statutory liquidity ratio (non-SLR) papers will see good trading interest as market participants (mutual ...
The rupee is seen hovering in the 45.50-45.60 per dollar range this week amid thin trades.

Icra has started rating the Rs 60,000 crore healthcare industry, which is expected to provide information both to the users as ...
For all the buzz in banking circles about the demand for credit picking up at a sizzling pace, the figures tell a story thats ...
An early general election would bring the curtains down on quite a few significant Bills the BJP government had pushed for during ...
An early general election would bring the curtains down on quite a few significant Bills the BJP government had pushed for during ...
e-auction is fast becoming a buzzword for Indian corporates and multinational companies (MNCs) to buy insurance cover.

The five per cent direct discount is expected to continue till April 1, 2006 as per the recommendations made by the three-member ...
Money market
With just about a quarter left to shift to the new asset classification norms, Indian banking industry is working overtime to ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) has announced the launch the countrys first automated stamp duty collection machine in the backdrop ...
If you were sold on the idea that you were banking with a bank and not a particular branch, think again.

State-owned banks, Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Canara Bank have decided to peg their benchmark prime lending rates (BPLRs) at 10.50 ...
The creditors of sick company Uniworth Ltd appear to have fallen out among themselves, with some of them in effect reversing the ...
Co-operative banks in Gujarat have made a silent entry into the two-wheeler finance mart, adding to the competition in this ...
The corporate debt restructuring cell comprising senior executives of banks and financial institutions has cleared a ...
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) has announced the launch the countrys first automated stamp duty collection machine in the backdrop ...
Money market
State-owned banks, Bank of Baroda (BoB) and Canara Bank have decided to peg their benchmark prime lending rates (BPLRs) at 10.50 ...
With just about a quarter left to shift to the new asset classification norms, Indian banking industry is working overtime to ...
If you were sold on the idea that you were banking with a bank and not a particular branch, think again.

The Gujarat governments move to liquidate the Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank Ltd which collapsed after senior BJP leader C R ...
The Gujarat governments move to liquidate the Diamond Jubilee Co-operative Bank Ltd which collapsed after senior BJP leader C R ...
The debt market has remained lacklustre in the last couple of months, with debt fund managers advising investors to avoid ...
Money market
The Centre has sounded out public sector banks about floating a credit rating agency to exclusively assess the credit worthiness ...
The dynamic investment environment of today  as interest rates move south and equities look up  warrants that investment ...
The tenth annual general meeting (AGM) of Global Trust Bank (GTB) held yesterday unanimously approved of the resolution to ...
Singapore-based Temasek Holdings (Pte) Ltd has picked up a 5.2 per cent stake in the ICICI Bank from the secondary market through ...
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy said the bank was sticking to its inflation forecast of 4-4.5% for 2003-04.
Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy said the bank was sticking to its inflation forecast of 4-4.5% for 2003-04.
Foreign lenders to the beleaguered Enron-promoted Dabhol Power Corporation (DPC) have rejected a proposal by domestic lenders to ...
Foreign lenders to the beleaguered Enron-promoted Dabhol Power Corporation (DPC) have rejected a proposal by domestic lenders to ...
The Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India (ECGC) is now offering e-connectivity to its customers for online filling of ...
The Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India (ECGC) is now offering e-connectivity to its customers for online filling of ...
UTI Mutual fund (UTIMF), the largest mutual fund in the country, will begin 2004 with nil non-performing assets (NPAs).
The government is considering State Bank of Indias request for lifting the ceiling on equity holding of 200 shares per investor ...
Jammu & Kashmir Bank is considering the possibility of offering around eight to ten per cent of its stake to strategic ...
Outgoing Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor Vepa Kamesam said the foreign exchange inflow will continue as India is ...
Money market
The Madras High Court passed an order preventing the newly constituted management committee of the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank from ...
Unit Trust of India (UTI) has the single largest suit-filed non-performing asset among financial institutions at Rs 106 crore of ...
The Centres fiscal deficit will widen to the extent of the interest payments made on the bonds and bills issued from the Reserve ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank is awaiting the finance ministrys guidelines on the proposed 74 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in ...
The Reserve Bank of India has set up a Committee on Procedures and Performance Audit on Public Services in order to benchmark the ...
IDBI Bank will work closely with IDBI in the transformation phase as the parent converts into a bank, said the newly appointed ...
Finance Minister Jaswant Singh has ruled out full convertibility of the rupee on capital account in the country till the fiscal ...
Finance Minister Jaswant Singh has ruled out full convertibility of the rupee on capital account in the country till the fiscal ...
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu today asked the sponsor banks of regional rural banks (RRBs) and Nabard to form ...
The banks in the state could achieve only 79 per cent of their targeted production credit during the khariff season of the ...
Insurance coverage for deposits in non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) is unlikely to be provided as the Reserve Bank of India ...
Money market
Interest on home loans is likely to remain low and the share of banks in the overall mortgage market is set to rise in the medium ...
With almost half of the annual business coming in the last quarter of the fiscal, life insurance companies are increasing their ...
Union Bank of India said it would raise home loan rates by 50 basis points across the board from January 1, 2004.

Even as the chief minister of Gujarat, Narendra Modi, on Sunday claimed that his one-year-old government has succeeded in ...
India can attract greater foreign investment, if it can accelerate growth with reasonable balance on the fiscal and external ...
India can attract greater foreign investment, if it can accelerate growth with reasonable balance on the fiscal and external ...
The rupee is likely to remain in a range of 45.45-60 against the dollar this week.

The government market will see good trading interest at the long-end of the yield curve this week.

Long-dated gilts witnessed a smart rally of almost two rupees last week on hopes that provident funds will buy into these ...
The market is expected to be bullish this week, driven by the fresh inflow of funds as the centre talks of interest payments to ...
Yields on corporate bonds, especially those from the IDBI stable, have the potential to soften by 10-15 basis points this week ...
The rupee is likely to appreciate further even as the forex reserves of the country is testing new highs every day.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company has paid Rs 20 lakh to Gujarat Corporative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), which owns ...
Clarifications on bank investments in mutual funds
Hero Honda Motors has tied up with Punjab National Bank (PNB) to provide cheaper finance products to its customers.

Money marketSentiment: Bullish
The economy is showing signs of a pick-up in investment demand, partly aided by the low interest rate regime, said Rakesh Mohan, ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) papers have become the toast of the bond market.

In what could be the most bullish outlook for Indian economy, brokerage house CLSA has revised the growth projections to 9 per ...
Close on the heels of Corporate India, domestic rating agencies are looking at expanding overseas.

In a new twist to the controversy-ridden Tamilnad Mercantile Bank saga, the additional principal Bench of the Company Law Board, ...
The ING Vysya group has set up ING Vysya Pension Trust, the legal entity overseeing the groups plans to foray into the pension ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has become one of the few public sector banks to have achieved 100 per cent computerisation of ...
SBI Life Insurance Company will launch its first co-branded insurance product for United Bank of Indias customers  Griha Shobha ...
Money market
It will be a comeback of sorts for Ramesh Gelli, the founder and main promoter of the Hyderabad-based Global Trust Bank (GTB), ...
Shailendra Bhandari, managing director of Prudential-ICICI Asset Management Company, is tipped to join Centurion Bank as managing ...
SBI Life Insurance Company aims to be number 2 after the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC).
The board of the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is slated to meet today in Delhi to review its plan for conversion ...
The profitability of public sector banks (PSBs)  Central Bank of India, State Bank of India (SBI), United Bank of India and UCO ...
Armed with an order of the Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT), Allahabad Bank on Friday attached the property of Centre Point building ...
L&T-John Deere Private Limited, a 50:50 joint venture between the Indian engineering major and the US-based leading farm ...
LIC Housing Finance proposes to raise Rs 200 crore through global depository receipts (GDRs) early next year to augment its ...
iGate Global Solutions has bagged a $20 million IT outsourcing deal from ING Vysya Bank for a period of 5 years.
ING Vysya Bank ...
The New India Assurance Company has retained its leadership in the renewal of the Rs 40,000-crore plus Reliance Industries (RIL) ...
Money market
Domestic credit rating major Crisil announced it had acquired the London-based EconoMatters and its four subsidiary companiesGas ...
Prakash Nayak heads the operations of Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) in Gujarat.
After spending 11 years with the company in ...
Credit Rating Information Services of India (Crisil) board will meet tomorrow to consider acquisition of related business.

Banking software maker Laser Soft Infosystems has implemented ProBanker CB, a core banking solution at 140 branches of Andhra ...
Money market
The Bhopal circle of the State Bank of India (SBI), which includes Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, plans to set up over 300 ...
National reinsurer General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) is likely to see a consolidation at the top with the chairmans ...
Fund-flushed banks are taking high risks as they fund five-year infrastructure projects at six per cent interest.

Who said south Indians are risk averse?
Check out the numbers of unit-linked policies sold by the largest life insurer the Life ...
Standard & Poors Ratings Services has revised the outlook on Indias long-term foreign currency rating from negative to ...
Ashok Lahiri, the chief economic adviser to the finance ministry, yesterday said he was surprised that Standard & Poors ...
The board of the Industrial Development Bank of India has cleared a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) for its employees.

Corporates are knocking on the doors of the cash-rich Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) to meet their funding ...
As a member of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), India will have to lift the cap on foreign capital in the insurance sector ...
Money market
Taking a further step towards liberalising the capital account, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said in a circular that Indians ...
State-level undertakings may no longer be able to raise resources from banks as per the new Securities and Exchange Board of ...
The Reserve Bank of India is planning to extend participation in the repos market to all corporates.
Further, the central bank ...
Konkan Railway Corporation (KRC) will redeem Rs 883 crore worth high-cost debt raised at around 10.5 per cent by taking advantage ...
Government securities are also expected to stay ranged, notwithstanding the fact that the system is flush with liquidity.
The ...
The liquidity overhang in the system will continue to remain, despite tax outflows of Rs 7,000-10,000 crore this week.

Yields on corporate bonds will be rangebound this week.
Though inflation rate, at 5.25 per cent in the year through November 29, ...
The gilts market saw rangebound trading last week despite banks being flush with liquidity.
The market has become cautious as the ...
National Insurance Co Ltd and the State Bank of Mysore have signed an agreement for undertaking bancassurance business under the ...
The rupee is likely to remain in a range of 45.40-60 against the dollar for this week.
The major factor that markets will watch ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) is of the view that the 26 per cent cap on foreign holding in Indian joint ...
The Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Irda) is likely to turn down the Life Insurance Corporations (LIC) proposal to ...
The non-life insurance industry is facing a downturn and growth in the segment has nosedived to 8.7 per cent in October against ...
Vinod Rai, additional secretary (banking), ministry of finance, Government of India, today warned bankers against the hit that ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor Vepa Kamesan today warned banks on the rapid increase in home loans.

The Supreme Court (SC) approved the settlement between state-owned State Bank of Saurashtra [SBS] and National Housing Bank [NHB] ...
Money market
AMP Sanmar, the Chennai based joint venture between Australia based AMP and Indias Sanmar group, is targeting to achieve 200 per ...
The government is looking at different options for the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), including merging it with ...
A local court in the Nagercoil district of Tamil Nadu has restrained TamilNad Mercantile Bank (TMB) Chairman R Natarajan from ...
Though the Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) has sanctioned loans of Rs 10,900 crore and disbursed more than Rs ...
The Gujarat High Court on Thursday adjourned the hearing of a writ petition filed by the Dahod Urban Co-operative Bank Ltd ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) report has highlighted the scope for expansion of credit by banks and financial institutions in ...
Indian banks can go global in three ways.
They can set shops in most of the important financial centres like New York, Tokyo, ...
Shareholders of IDFC are likely to opt for listing of the companys shares in the board meeting next month as a means of giving ...
Expecting long-term interest rates
to harden, corporates are locking in their loans at the prevailing low interest rates.

Markets Report
Kotak Bank expects its corporate lending exposure to grow by being a transactional partner to its existing investment banking ...
Customisation of technology is increasing the technology cost for the banks in the country.
Banks also need to have a business ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to close down two schemes targeted at non-resident Indians following lukewarm response. ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has advised major domestic banks operating in the international markets to evolve suitable ...
Last week in Chennai, Allahabad Bank employees went to the houses of those who had defaulted on the repayment of loans to the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) gave banks a one-year breather to regularise their investments in debt schemes of mutual funds.
The Punjab Infrastructure Development Boards bonds are being traded at a premium of over Rs 7,000.
Markets Report
The standing committee on finance has said that employees of companies should be allowed to act as actuaries in practice.

The foreign joint venture partner of Birla SunLife Insurance, Sun Life Financial Inc is keen on enhancing its stake in the ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank, Indias newest private sector bank, is not looking for any partner for the next two to three years.
Nor does ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has eased the norms for booking forward contracts for exporters and importers.

Agricultural Insurance Company of India (AIC) is planning to launch a farm income insurance plan that saves the Centre a whopping ...
The Big Four global consultants have received mandates from foreign commercial and investment bankers and private equity funds ...
The plastic money culture seems to be spreading fast if the total transaction volumes through cards (both debit and credit) in ...
Come January, borrowers will have something to cheer about.
Depending on the cost of funds and provisioning requirements, the ...
Money market
SBI Life Insurance expects about one-third of its gross premium income to be generated by the bancassurance distribution channel ...
The operating environment for Indian banks remains difficult though the business climate has improved significantly, ...
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) is learnt to have informed the Reserve Bank of India that HSBC holdings Plc, ...
To achieve higher return on their investments in the falling interest rate regime, insurance companies should have extra planning ...
Corporate lending by the countrys largest financial institution, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), has risen by ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is set to become the first Indian bank to open a branch in the war-ravaged Afghanistan.

Exit option for stakeholders
Money market
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has broad-based its children plans to offer greater flexibility to policyholders. ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is working on introducing micro insurance policies with small premiums ...
The Reserve Bank of India has bestowed the status of non-resident Indians (NRIs) under FEMA to Indian students studying abroad. ...
Up to 49% equity to be placed through preferential route
There was no much action in the bonds market and, consequently, the spread between the five year triple A corporate bonds and the ...
Vijaya Bank is keen on acquiring a north-based bank to enhance its presence and network in the region, according to chairman and ...
Liquidity levels ruled comfortable throughout last week, with interbank call rates ruling in the range of 4.2-4.4 per cent.

Government securities yields are expected to see a gradual rally this week with no major outfows expected and abundant liquidity ...
Little scope for a raise now
Housing finance major Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has cut interest rates on deposits by 25 basis points (one ...
The spot rupee is expected to rule in the range of 45.50-60 this week on the back of steady forex inflows.

Liquidity will not be a worry for market players this week.
With no major outflows expected from the market, players might find a ...
GV Nageswara Rao, the current managing director of IDBI Capital Markets Services, is likely to take over as the new managing ...
The five per cent direct discount is expected to continue till April 1, 2006 as per the recommendations made by the three-member ...
Money market
Tata AIG Life Insurance Company has been able to corner a good amount of Tata group business in the current fiscal.

The Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) of the Mauritius government has sounded out the Indian government on having a coordinated ...
The small and medium infrastructure contractors, who do not have enough resources, need not worry much henceforth.

Surat police arrested Harendrasinh Himmatsinh Parmar, director of the beleaguered Suryapur Co-operative Bank Ltd, on Wednesday, ...
The landscape of banking in India may undergo a sea change.
NCR Corporation today launched the first ever automated teller ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) has set up a working group to review the secured transactions law in India.

The aggregate debt turnover on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) crossed Rs 10 trillion mark in the first eight months of fiscal ...
The Reserve Bank of India signalled an upward bias in interest rates after it announced a cut-off yield of 6.26 per cent at the ...
Commercial banks have moved the finance ministry seeking the help of the North Block to put pressure on public sector ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all debt market participants to coax corporates to list their bonds and debentures for ...
An old agreement that binds the Food Corporation of India (FCI) to borrow money only from the State Bank of India (SBI) led ...
India, China and Taiwan are today the key drivers of growth in global insurance premium income among emerging markets, according ...
Sabre Capital has put its plans for forming an asset management company in association with former Alliance Capitals head of ...
BankMuscat, Sabre and Keppel sign pact to recast bank
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) wants to buy UTI out of UTI Bank.
This is despite HSBC having picked up a 14.71 per ...
Money market
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd today announced an interim bonus of 4 per cent on its pension policy  SBI Life Lifelong Pensions. ...
M B N Rao has assumed charge as the chairman and managing director of Indian bank today.
He has been the executive director of ...
According to latest figures available from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA), private sector life ...
Move aimed at maintaining 24% stake in the insurance venture
Money market
THE HSBC-UTI BANK DEAL MARKS THE BEGINNING OF A STRATEGIC ERA IN BANKING
THE HSBC-UTI BANK DEAL MARKS THE BEGINNING OF A STRATEGIC ERA IN BANKING
UTI Bank: HSBC not to seek management control
Regional rural banks (RRBs) share in rural credit is not commensurate with their branch network, according to Ranjana Kumar, the ...
There has been a rising incidence of product contamination in India with recent examples and controversies surrounding Coca Cola, ...
THE HSBC-UTI BANK DEAL MARKS THE BEGINNING OF A STRATEGIC ERA IN BANKING
The major stakeholders in UTI BankUnit Trust of India, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and General Insurance ...
ABN Amro Bank has ABN Amro Bank has introduced a working capital concept, which will balance risk and efficiency across the ...
THE HSBC-UTI BANK DEAL MARKS THE BEGINNING OF A STRATEGIC ERA IN BANKING
IndusInd Bank has received an in-principle approval from the bank board to take over Ashok Leyland Finance  a part of the ...
Report of the Reserve Bank of Indias internal group on liquidity adjustment facility
In a new twist to the ongoing Tamilnad Mercantile Bank saga, the two Nadar community associationsthe Nadar Mahajana Sangam and ...
HSBC today bought the entire 20.08 per cent stake of CDC Capital Partners in UTI Bank.
In the second stage, HSBC will make an ...
Bank of Rajasthan plans to set up more branches in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
New branches will be opened in Raipur, ...
Money market
Despite the strong rally in stock market, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has decided not invest the Varishtha Bima ...
Report of the Reserve Bank of Indias internal group on liquidity adjustment facility
The state-owned Bank of Maharastra is expected hit the market with a Rs 250-275 crore public issue during January-February 2004. ...
International rating agency Standard & Poors Ratings Services today revised Pakistans outlook on long-term sovereign credit ...
First foreign bank to reverse strategy on holding majority stakes
Money market
ABN Amro Bank has ruled out acquisition as a means of growth unless the government comes out with greater clarity on regulations ...
The banking systems liabilities exceed their maturing assets by around 17 per cent over a three year horizon and securitisation ...
State-owned life insurance major in talks with two management institutions
Deutsche Bank has unveiled an end-to-end payment and collection solution for corporates in India.

Global Trust Bank (GTB) is planning to appoint the city-based M Bhaskara Rao & Co as statutory auditor in place of ...
NBFC will be used to raise resources and as a wholesale loan vehicle
The recent sacking and subsequent reinstatement of the chairman of the Nadar community-controlled Tuticorin-based Tamilnad ...
Global bankers are flocking to India.
On Monday alone, four top global bankers are visiting Mumbai, the countrys financial ...
Trading in the gilts market will be weak as the rising inflation rate will be a cause for concern for market participants.
Yields ...
Liquidity overhang in the system will continue this week on the back of government spending and no buying interest.

Trading in the corporate bond market will continue to be lacklustre, notwithstanding the fact that the Reserve Bank of India and ...
The finance ministry has given up plans of asking public sector banks to return equity in the current fiscal.

Sentiment in the government securities market was adversely affected towards the close of last week on account of a ...
Co-ops will get competitive
Dealers expect a new trading zone for the Indian currency during this week, at 45.85-46.00 against the dollar, as foreign ...
The government is toying with the idea of allowing big corporate houses to enter the banking industry.

A majority of the 350 co-operative banks in the state are still unaware of the laws related to recovery and seizures of assets of ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has written to the Ministry of Finance and to the Insurance Regulatory and ...
IFCI Ltd is contemplating transferring non performing assets of around Rs 500 crore to Asset Care Enterprises (Ace) Ltd, the ...
The Reserve Bank of India is in the process of fine-tuning the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) to make it a more flexible ...
Money market
Union Bank of India (UBI) today launched four new products in Hyderabad region.
The products are: Union Suraksha, Union bill pay, ...
Money market
The proposed implementation of realtime gross settlement (RTGS) system shortly by the Reserve Bank will have a negative impact on ...
The Indian Banks Association (IBA) has finalised four broad parameters for calculation of benchmark prime lending rate (BPLR) ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has begun a country-wide exercise to upgrade existing technology and to provide a ...
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy said the state governments, banks and the RBI should jointly evolve a policy in ...
Bank of Baroda is planning to shortly tap the debt mart for raising Rs 600 crore via an unsecured subordinated debt (Tier-II) ...
IndusInd Bank is looking to take over non-banking finance companies (NBFCs). The banks board is meeting on December 2 to discuss ...
Corporate defaults in terms of pre-shipment and post-shipment credit has taken a heavy toll on the Export Credit Guarantee ...
The decision of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to examine afresh external commercial borrowing (ECB) proposals that were ...
A V Birla group, PSUs, others rush to list unlisted bonds
Citibank and Jet Airways launched the Jet Airways Citibank Silver Credit Card in association with MasterCard International.
Bankers feel that with the global outlook on interest rates turning stable from soft, there is no reason why Indian rates ...
Kakathiya Grameena Bank(KGB), the first regional rural bank (RRB) to have computerised all its branches and its operations among ...
State Bank of India is planning to offer private banking, a domain till now restricted to foreign banks such as HSBC, ABN Amro ...
Bank of India (BoI) has decided to reduce its prime lending rate by 50 basis points to 11 per cent with effect from December 1, ...
United Bank of India (UBI) has all but formally shelved its plans for an initial public offering (IPO) as it would involve an ...
SBI Life Insurance Company has received approval from the Central Provident Fund Commissioner to offer group life cover to ...
State Bank of India (SBI) is considering a foray into derivatives.
According to sources close to the development, the bank will ...
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, after posting a 100 per cent growth in premium income from new policies, today said it will hike ...
The life insurance industry is shifting away from guaranteeing premium rates on critical illness riders to regularly reviewing ...
The Reserve Bank of India may allow select banks to trade and perform as market makers in interest rate futures.

The State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has revised the interest rates on domestic deposits with effect from November 24.

The corporate bond market will continue to remain inactive till the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) specifies that investments in ...
Liquidity will be abundant in the system as there are no major outflows slated this week.
However, this factor alone will not be ...
Global Trust Bank (GTB) has initiated talks with the Development Bank of Singapore (DBS) and the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ...
CONFLUENCE-2003
Demand from the Centre for interim dividend from public sector banks (PSBs) by the end of the third quarter is expected fuel a ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) may ask the Madhya Pradesh government to pay over Rs 300 crore against bad loans, guaranteed ...
The securitisation and the nascent asset reconstruction markets have come to a grinding halt following the Reserve Bank of ...
Prudential Plc is eyeing bigger investments in India.
The world is changing its views on India
now.
We have been seeing growth ...
The outlook for the spot rupee is cautious as the market is undecided on the direction the local currency will take.
This follows ...
The 11th Debt Recovery Lok Adalat has announced that 11 cases involving Rs 1 crore have been settled at its recent meeting in the ...
Last week, inter-bank call rates began on a comfortable note of around 4-4.25 per cent amid ample liquidity in the system.

Borrowing cost kicked up
The Union government is likely to rake in almost Rs 1,500 crore interim dividend in 2003-04 from public sector banks, if they ...
Rising salaries, falling interest rates and increasing possibility of voluntary retirement have seen a major shift in corporate ...
Ranjana Kumar today assumed charge as chairperson of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard). Prior to ...
After a long time, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today sold spot dollars in the foreign exchange market to stem the rupee's ...
The Industrial Bank of India (IDBI) has come down heavily on the accounting practices of the Hyderabad-based Sri Vasavi ...
The north Gujarat zone of Bank of Baroda targets a 20 per cent increase in core deposits by the end of the current fiscal year. ...
Recent weakness in the rupee cannot be termed volatility, a top Indian central banker said on Friday, causing the rupee to ease ...
After lowering the interest rates on home loans, ICICI Bank has organised a three-day property show from Friday in the city to ...
In an attempt to shore up its non-tax revenues, the Centre has now asked public sector banks to pay interim dividends.
The Centre ...
The state minister of state for home, Amit Shah, on Thursday assured fast action on cases pertaining to various co-operative ...
The Reserve Bank of India has constituted a Standing Technical Advisory Committee on Financial Regulation to strengthen the ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of Indias (LIC) sale of policies during the lean period has crossed the one-crore mark.

Bank chairmen failed to reach a consensus over the formulation of a single benchmark prime lending rate (PLR) at their meeting ...
Bank of Baroda will strengthen its rural financing programme through self help groups, which has been a success in Gujarat as the ...
In the falling interest rate scenario, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) expects secondary market operations to add ...
The proposed amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (SCRA) has stirred a hornets nest.

Importers have started covering their uncovered foreign exchange exposures, even as the rupee depreciated to 45.78 against a ...
IDBI Bank is likely to remain headless for some time, till the parent Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) takes a ...
Centurion Bank is rejigging its plan for infusion of foreign funds by using both foreign direct investment (FDI) as well as ...
Less than 20% of RIB proceeds come back to banks
The net non-performing assets of the 18 listed public sector banks declined by Rs 4,554 crore (23 per cent of their total net ...
The government has clarified that at the current moment it has not taken any decision to reduce the cap on the holdings of ...
The State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has recorded a 45.23 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 147.55 crore for the half-year ended ...
The Centre has proposed radical changes in the guidelines for co-operative banks, which, if passed by the Parliament, will unseat ...
The Reserve Bank of India is considering allowing intraday repo facility for banks before the pilot run of the real time gross ...
Major differences between the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the government and non-banking finance companies has been ironed out ...
100% foreign investment to be allowed
ICICI Lombard General Insurance has introduced an overseas travel cover for senior citizens aged between 71 years and 85 years ...
Banks have suggested to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that the investment fluctuation reserve (IFR) norms be linked with the ...
Banks in India will leapfrog ahead of their counterparts in Europe by around 10 years once the implementation of the core banking ...
Improved retail finance helped the Bhavnagar-based State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS) register a 150.18 per cent increase in its net ...
The core income
of banks has fallen below 40 per cent to 36 per cent of their total income.

The return on assets (i.e. the ratio of net profit to total assets) of scheduled commercial banks (SCBs) at one per cent in ...
The gross non-performing assets (NPAs) of scheduled commercial banks have declined to Rs 68,714 crore or 8.8 per cent for fiscal ...
The spate of scams involving urban co-operative banks has made the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) circumspect about granting ...
Fund has now a corpus of Rs 56 crore as against the targeted Rs 150 crore
The Navsari-headquartered South Gujarat Local Area Bank may be merged with a leading bank in the region, say banking sources.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has warned banks against any complacency on account of higher profits they have been posting as ...
Money market
International liabilities of banks in 2002-03 increased by 17 per cent (Rs 29,157 crore) to Rs 2,00,493 crore, partly driven by ...
Non-SLR investments by banks have gone up by 14.63 per cent to Rs 92,854 core during 2002-03 as against Rs 81,000 crore for the ...
Bank credit to medium and large industries have risen around three times in fiscal 2003 to Rs 28,011 crore against Rs 9,487 crore ...
Union minister of state for finance Anandrao Adsul today said Industrial Development Bank of India will be merged into IDBI Bank ...
Government securities are expected to be bearish this week.
Players expect the 10-year gilt to quote around 5.09-5.15 per cent ...
The corporate bond market continues to be illiquid with the ban on brokers on the National Stock Exchange from trading in ...
Call rates began at 4.4-4.5 per cent on last Monday due to lack of demand and ample liquidity in the system.
The daily average at ...
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will clarify this week that listed companies issuing bonds will have to list ...
The World Bank today announced that it is exploring the possibilities of expanding its back office processing work in Chennai ...
Ensure smooth transition
Punjab & Sind Bank has convened an emergency board meeting on Monday to discuss various alternatives to run the bank ...
Bank of India (BoI) will soon start operations of its offshore banking unit in the Indore special economic zone (SEZ).
Dealers expect the spot rupee to rule in the 45.35-45.40 band this week.
They expect the sustained support by the central bank ...
The liquidity situation is comfortable as subscription to the repo auctions have been good last week.

Some private sector banks are dumping parts of their unlisted corporate debenture portfolios in panic to their insurance arms. ...
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to exclude banks investment in open ended 100 per cent debt funds from the 20 per cent limit ...
Om Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance has grossed Rs 25-50 lakh from high net worth individuals for its unit-linked offering  Kotak ...
Public accounts committee (PAC) member Kirit Somaiya has sought the formation of special cells by the comptroller and auditor ...
Board decides to retrench 87 employees, shut 10 offices to reduce operating cost
Corporates looking at taking bank guarantees to raise external commercial borrowings (ECBs) will be hit by the new ECB guidelines ...
The Reserve Bank of India has included rupee funds raised under reciprocal line facility under the prudential limits specified ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India witnessed a decline in first premium income for the second consecutive year.

Public sector banks (PSBs) have been sounded out to take over the loan portfolio pertaining to 12 co-operative sugar factories ...
Fitch does not rate Pakistan, but other global rating agencies rate it at single B
The International Finance Corporation (IFC), the private investment arm of the World Bank, is planning to hike its investments in ...
The Dakshina Kannada Goveernment Employees Co-operative Bank will celebrate its 85 years of achievements and inaugurate its ...
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) is opening their Pilgrim Banking Centres at Sannidhanam and Pamba to facilitate the banking ...
The Federation of Indian Hire Purchase Associations (FIHPA) has decided to set up a self regulatory organisation (SRO) that will ...
Law amendments to enable mortgage of farms for non-agricultural purposes on the cards
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today said the revised norms for banks investment in corporate bonds would apply only to fresh ...
Life insurers have decided to play it safe with regards to investment in the stock market despite the booming rally.

The Bangalore-headquartered Canara Bank is likely announce an interim dividend of 25-35 per cent in the third quarter.

Sugar factories in dire straits over banks licence cancellation
Euronet Worldwide is looking at making India the processing hub for its Asia- Pacific operations.
Euronet operates in the country ...
Listing agreements for bonds and debentures are likely to be reviewed to confirm to the new disclosure norms laid out by the ...
The National Housing Bank (NHB) today extended the provisions of the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has slashed interest rates on advances to small scale industries (SSIs) and small businesses by 75 ...
Gideon du Plessis failed in the 10th standard and never went to college.
He is today the highest earning insurance agent in the ...
Housing finance players, forced by competition to generate business, are tinkering with loan rates for short term periods.

Most banks and primary dealers (PDs) are sitting tight on cash rather instead of investing in government securities following the ...
Banks eyeing to take stake in nationalised banks will now see competition from private insurers, which are equally on the prowl ...
Part-time directors of state-owned banks/ financial institutions need no longer complain about their remuneration being inferior ...
As many as 14 chairmen in 18 public sector undertaking (PSU) banks are set to retire or see their term expire in the next two ...
The interest rate war on home loans refuses to die down.
ICICI Bank today dropped its floating home loan rates by 25 to 50 basis ...
SBI Life Insurance expects its bancassurance channel to be its prime driver of growth as it plans to earn 75 per cent of its ...
The global insurance industry, of late, has witnessed downgrades and this is expected to reflect on the domestic market as well. ...
Brain drain from India is expected to reduce in the near future as employment opportunities and remunerations get better in ...
State government undertakings have found a way around the recent Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) diktat barring ...
The Reserve Bank of India has raised objections to Industrial Development Bank of Indias proposal to raise $500 million through ...
Yields on government securities eased by four to five basis points last week despite there being no goodies (read rate cuts) in ...
In what is expected to breathe life back into the currently illiquid Rs 160,000 crore unlisted corporate bond market, the Reserve ...
The Thrissur-based Dhanalakshmi Bank Ltd, which is the official banker of the Travancore Devaswom Board, will open seasonal ...
Hedging may fuel volatility
The spot rupee is expected to rule in a wide range of 45.28-35 to a dollar this week.

The problem of liquidity, which had hit the market a week back, seems to be over and this week will see copious inflows on the ...
Gilts will move in a rangebound manner with the 10-year benchmark paper ruling around 5.03-5.10 percent.

Corporate bonds will continue to be lacklustre week till the regulators, Sebi and RBI, clarify their stance on corporate bond ...
The Crisil Centre for Economic Research has forecast rupee to depreciate to 45.46 to a dollar by the year end while the interest ...
ICICI Bank, Citifinancial Retail Services India and MAS Financial Services have stopped directly financing consumer durables, say ...
Union minister of state for finance Anandrao Adsul today expressed concern at the reluctance of Maharashtra government to chip in ...
A Reserve Bank of India (RBI)-constituted group on micro finance has pushed for the creation of an autonomous and ...
Srei International Finance Ltd plans to float a Rs 100 crore venture capital fund to finance small and medium scale ...
The fate of 14 sugar co-operative factories in the State is in jeopardy following cancellation of the banking licence of the ...
State Bank of India (SBI) has dropped interest rates on deposits by 25 to 50 basis points, aligning them to the rest of the ...
Money market
In a major boost for foreign banks, the Reserve Bank of India today announced that foreign banks operating in India will be ...
The Reserve Bank of India today said non-bank participants will be allowed to lend, on average in a reporting fortnight, up to 60 ...
Larger foreign banks which are operating in India are expected to seek a greater market share which would be aided by benign ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday pulled the plug on the Stockinvest scheme, introduced with much fanfare in the last ...
Credit rating agency Crisil said the ratings of Indian banks are ruling high only because of government ownership.

With the Sensex and investor enthusiasm reaching new peaks, banks providing demat accounts in the states are doing brisk ...
The wholesale debt market (WDM) segment on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) had reported turnover growth of 35.1 per cent to Rs ...
Most of the corporates are public sector understakings, which frequently tapped the market
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has fully computerised all the 34 branches in Thiruvananthapuram city with a view to enhancing its ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all banks to speed-up disposal of applications for education loans of up to Rs 4 lakh ...
Interest rates in other loans segments likely to remain unchanged, feel bankers
Rana Kapoor, Rabo India Finances chief executive officer, is in the process of putting his papers in the firm.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) with the approval of the Government of India, has reduced the deposit and lending rates under the ...
ING Vysya Financial Services Ltd on Wednesday announced that Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company Ltd will be its non-life ...
The domestic insurance players could soon see themselves being downgraded as has been the case of many leading global players by ...
Western Union Financial Services, an international money transfer services company, will strengthen its network in the state.
Bank of Indias Visakhapatnam zone, which has jurisdiction over seven districts from Guntur to Srikakulam, earned a net profit of ...
Officials at the sick Co-operative Bank of Ahmedabad are scheduled to approach the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) with a revival ...
Corporation Bank has been observing Vigilance Awareness Week from November 3.
The programme will conclude on November 8.
In this ...
Bank of Indias Visakhapatnam zone, which has jurisdiction over seven districts from Guntur to Srikakulam, earned a net profit of ...
A five member International Monetary Fund (IMF) team will be visiting the Indian Banks Association (IBA) tomorrow to carry out ...
REACTIONS TO CREDIT POLICY
REACTIONS TO CREDIT POLICY
HSBC plans to move up the value chain by relocating new jobs to the country.
The foreign bank could make India the hub for ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might have decided against lowering the bank rate, but half-a-dozen banks and housing finance ...
Even a year-and-a-half after the dismantling of the administered pricing mechanism (APM) in the petroleum sector, the oil pool ...
REACTIONS TO CREDIT POLICY
REACTIONS TO CREDIT POLICY
Bar on banks from trading in unlisted debt seen as a hurdle
Birla Sun Life Insurance (BSLI) expects to earn Rs 75 crore through its bancassurance channel during the current fiscal.

Corporation Bank has been observing Vigilance Awareness Week from November 3.
The programme will conclude on November 8.
In this ...
Officials at the sick Co-operative Bank of Ahmedabad are scheduled to approach the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) with a revival ...
REACTIONS TO CREDIT POLICY
In an attempt to check false claims by insurance companies, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is finalising ...
CRISIL's TAKE ON THE CREDIT POLICY
The AP chapter of CII and Fapcci have welcomed the new RBI governors maiden credit policy.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) asked banks to ensure that all foreign currency loans to corporates exceeding $10 million are ...
CESC Ltd, the RPG Enterprises-owned power utility, is raising funds through fixed deposits at a coupon rate of Rs 10.5 per cent, ...
The AP chapter of CII and Fapcci have welcomed the new RBI governors maiden credit policy.

RBI announces joint-monitoring of financial intermediaries with IRDA and Sebi
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) on Monday welcomed the new RBI Governors maiden Credit Policy stating it as a carefully ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has kept the bank rate and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged at the current levels of 6 per ...
Contra indications such as the slowdown in the global economy and the robust outlook of the Indian economy have queered the ...
The measures announced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the April 2003 review of the monetary & credit policy was aimed ...
While the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) seems to be worried about the sluggishness in credit offtake, banks on their part have also ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Co-operative Urban Banks Federation (APSCUBF) started the first batch of training programme for Diploma ...
Bankers are peeved at the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Yaga Venugopal Reddy for not calling the conventional pre-credit ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Co-operative Urban Banks Federation (APSCUBF) started the first batch of training programme for Diploma ...
Soft landing slant likely

The Reserve Bank of India has extended the validity of the reduction of interest rates on preshipment rupee export credit up to ...
On the eve of the busy season credit policy, N S Sisodia, secretary (banking and insurance), today said lower interest rates will ...
Corporation Bank has reported a 22.1 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 144.94 crore for the second quarter ended September ...
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has posted a 89.16 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter ended September 30, 2003 to Rs 259.56 ...
The recent draft guideline banning banks to invest in unlisted and unrated papers has evoked a mixed reaction among bankers.

ICICI Bank has reported a 40.64 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter ended September 30 to Rs 401.40 crore as ...
RUN-UP TO THE CREDIT POLICY
State Bank of India has reported a 20.99 per cent increase in net profit for the second quarter ended September 30 to Rs 988.74 ...
The Karur-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) today said that it had entered into a bancassurance agreement with Chennai based Royal ...
The appointment committee for selecting bank chiefs has decided to recommend the appointment of AK Khandelwal, executive director ...
Inter-bank call money rates, which were ruling around 6-7 per cent for the last three consecutive days, today closed at 3.5 per ...
In supersession of its earlier instructions, RBI on Thursday clarified that the NBFCs can accept repatriable deposits from ...
Syndicate Bank has reduced its interest rates on home loans by 25 basis points for fixed rate loans and 50 basis points for ...
Syndicate Bank has reduced its interest rates on home loans by 25 basis points for fixed rate loans and 50 basis points for ...
RUN-UP TO THE CREDIT POLICY
After posting losses for 11 years in a row, Kolkata-based Uco Bank has wiped the slate clean, boasting of a net profit of Rs 207 ...
The UK-based banking and financial services giant, Abbey National which marked its exit from India by offloading its 35 per cent ...
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has shown a 8.69 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter ended ...
The Supreme Court directed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cancel the licence of the Apex Co-operative Bank of Urban Banks of ...
The credit deposit (CD) ratio of commercial banks in Orissa has shown signs of improvement though it still hovers below the mark ...
Hundreds of depositors of the troubled Sabarmati Co-operative Bank are staging a protest for the past two days, demanding their ...
RUN-UP TO THE CREDIT POLICY
The Jaipur-based Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) is targeting a net worth of Rs 500 crore
from the present Rs 300 crore.
The bank is also ...
The rising jump in pre-payment of home loans as a fall-out of refinancing at lower interest rates will drive issuance of ...
Bank of India (BoI) has posted a 16.62 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter ended September 30, 2003, at Rs 226.76 ...
Deutsche Bank is revamping its business strategy in India.
The bank, which thus far only dealt with a handful of top corporates, ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Wednesday reported a 42.56 per cent growth in second-quarter net profit at Rs 299.76 crore compared ...
Canara Bank has posted a 39 per cent growth in net profit for the first half at Rs 581 crore, compared with Rs 418 crore in the ...
The Supreme Court directed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cancel the licence of the Apex Co-operative Bank of Urban Banks of ...
Hundreds of depositors of the troubled Sabarmati Co-operative Bank are staging a protest for the past two days, demanding their ...
The credit deposit (CD) ratio of commercial banks in Orissa has shown signs of improvement though it still hovers below the mark ...
Andhra Bank, which is among the few public sector banks to computerise all branches, has initiated steps to introduce ...
A movement to financially secure the rural women today began in Uttaranchal with the setting up of a women co-operative bank at ...
The government will not push for a reverse merger of Industrial Development Bank of India with its subsidiary IDBI Bank as the ...
Andhra Bank, which is among the few public sector banks to computerise all branches, has initiated steps to introduce ...
A movement to financially secure the rural women today began in Uttaranchal with the setting up of a women co-operative bank at ...
The State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) plans to improve its marketshare in Rajasthan.
We plan to increase our business by ...
In the age of pink slips, Dewan Housing Finance (DHFL) has introduced a unique product  DHFL Sampoorna Rakshak  which will ...
The prices of gilts tumbled today amidst a wave of bank selling and a huge liquidity shortage in the system.

The Kolkata-based Uco bank is set to tie up with RaboBank to fund contract farming.
A memorandum of understanding (MoU) to this ...
Andhra Bank has recorded a 100 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 136.98 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal, as ...
The State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) plans to improve its marketshare in Rajasthan.
We plan to increase our business by ...
RUN-UP TO THE CREDIT POLICY
Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait (BBK), currently operating in India through two branches at Mumbai and Hyderabad, is on an expansion ...
Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India (Fedai) is set to review the model code of conduct for foreign exchange ...
The finance ministry has cleared the voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) for Class I, III and IV employees of the four public ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in its revised draft guidelines, has directed that banks fresh investments in non-statutory ...
Standard & Poors (S&P) Ratings Services today affirmed the credit ratings of Indians leading banks so far as its ...
The Chennai-based Bharat Overseas Bank (BOBL), which is owned by seven banks, plans to go for a Tier-II capital of Rs 20 crore ...
The Reserve Bank of India has announced a higher cut-off yield of 5.54 per cent for the 5.68 per cent 15-year government stock ...
The Karnataka High Court today passed an order, approving the merger of Bank
of Muscat with Centurion Bank.

Bankers around the globe are waking up to the India story.
They have been talking about Indias huge middle class and the ...
The spot rupee is expected to rule in the range of 45.20-40 to the US dollar on the back of moderate foreign exchange inflows. ...
Last week, the spot rupee recovered gradually on the back of strong portfolio inflows.

The movement of government securities this week will depend on the signals emanating from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Long-term rates may rise
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) norms banning brokers of the National Stock Exchange from trading in unlisted ...
Inflows and outflows more or less matched this week.
There is not much demand for funds and players with surplus cash are finding ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has shelved its plan to launch a credit-cum-debit-card since corporatisation is high on ...
In what is being viewed as a strategy to increase its reach further, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is delegating powers to its ...
The optional early retirement scheme (OERS) floated by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for its employees has been a success.
RBI ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) intends to pare management costs by more than half and meet international levels of ...
ICICI Bank has securitised the largest tranche of mortgage loans of Rs 364 crore, taking the tally of securitised loans to around ...
Vijaya Bank net Profit for the half year ended September 30, 2003 has grown by a stupendous 125.18 per cent to Rs.176.79 crore ...
The management of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) met here today to deliberate on the recommendations put forth by ...
IFCI Ltd sold 1 per cent of its holding in LIC Housing Finance Ltd (LICHFL) last week in the open market, booking profits as the ...
Karnataka Bank has a new credit product named KBL Vahana Mithra for purchase of new vehicles like Rickshaw, Jeep, Car, Maxi Cab, ...
Karnataka Bank has a new credit product named KBL Vahana Mithra for purchase of new vehicles like Rickshaw, Jeep, Car, Maxi Cab, ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today conducted yet another open market operation (OMO) on Thursday, when it sold 4.83 per cent ...
Dena Bank has reported a 736.2 per cent growth in profit after tax to Rs 100.26 crore for the first half ended September 30, ...
Indian banks should increasingly focus on fee-based advisory services, which will call for more sophisticated skill set on part ...
Western Union Financial Services, a global leader in money transfer services, and private sector Karnataka Bank today jointly ...
The asset management subsidiary of Bank of Baroda (BoB) has firmed up plans to acquire another AMC.

The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) continues to be the Big Daddy in advertising spends, accounting for over 50 per ...
Western Union Financial Services, a global leader in money transfer services, and private sector Karnataka Bank today jointly ...
Money market
The public sector banks
now want to take the fight back to the turf of private sector banks.
Bank of Baroda (BoB) is planning to ...
The Kolkata office of the Reserve Bank of India cleared 34,79,335 cheques during September 2003.
The total value of the cheques ...
Karnataka Bank has launched a credit product , KBL Insta Cash, for consumption purposes.
Under the scheme, the loan amount ranges ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has donated an ambulance at a cost of Rs 5.8 lakh to to the AP chapter of Red Cross Indian Society. ...
Development Credit Bank (DCB) is offering stakes to Warburg Pincus, the global private equity fund, and AMP Fund of Australia ...
Moodys Investors Service today placed on review for upgrade the Ba1 foreign currency debt ratings of Power Finance Corporation ...
Though the recovery process at the scam-tainted Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) started one year back, it has so ...
Though the recovery process at the scam-tainted Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) started one year back, it has so ...
Though the recovery process at the scam-tainted Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) started one year back, it has so ...
The Kolkata office of the Reserve Bank of India cleared 34,79,335 cheques during September 2003.
The total value of the cheques ...
Karnataka Bank has launched a credit product , KBL Insta Cash, for consumption purposes.
Under the scheme, the loan amount ranges ...
State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has donated an ambulance at a cost of Rs 5.8 lakh to to the AP chapter of Red Cross Indian Society. ...
ICICI Lombard has cornered the largest market share among private sector non-life insurance companies in the first half of ...
Though the recovery process at the scam-tainted Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB) started one year back, it has so ...
Banks and housing finance companies are planning to flood the home loan market with new structured products to take on ABN Amro ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will conduct yet another open market operation (OMO) for Rs 1,000 crore on October 27 for the ...
The demand for trusteeship services is increasing in India.
As the nouveau rich fear their offsprings squandering the accumulated ...
ABN Amro Bank offered the lowest interest rate on housing loans at 6 per cent in the first year and 6.5 per cent in the second, ...
The city-based Bhavana Rishi Co-operative Urban Bank is planning to increase its capital base to Rs 2 crore by March 2005.

The Credit Rating Information Services of India Limited (Crisil) reported a total income of Rs 18.21 crore, reflecting a 4.3 per ...
Syndicate Bank has recorded a 50.8 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 216 crore and a 11.6 per cent growth in total income at Rs ...
Net profit of Indian Overseas Bank has jumped 76 per cent to Rs 154.62 crore for the quarter ended 30 September 2003, as compared ...
Foreign funds have shown interest in taking over the debts and giving fresh loans to companies whose debt has been restructured ...
Volumes in the treasury bill (T-bill) secondary market have shot up to Rs 150-300 crore as foreign institutional investors (FIIs) ...
The state co-operative banks need a level playing field for better lending to agricultural sector, said Dasaradha Janardhan, the ...
The city-based Bhavana Rishi Co-operative Urban Bank is planning to increase its capital base to Rs 2 crore by March 2005.

The net profit of Union Bank of India jumped (UBI) 82.80 per cent to Rs 170 crore in the second quarter ended September 2003 ...
The state co-operative banks need a level playing field for better lending to agricultural sector, said Dasaradha Janardhan, the ...
There is a division among public sector banks on the issue of taking action against public sector companies under the ...
Asset Care Enterprises (Ace), an asset reconstruction company promoted by IFCI Ltd and Punjab National Bank, became the second ...
Mutual funds are making an aggressive pitch to mop up non-resident Indian (NRI) funds even as the Reserve Bank of India has once ...
There will continue to be liquidity surplus in the system in the region of Rs 10,000-15,000 crore, primarily on the back of ...
Yields on corporate bonds are expected to see 5-10 basis points two-way movement in the coming week.

Powered by the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) instructions to expedite recoveries, the Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank ...
Powered by the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) instructions to expedite recoveries, the Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank ...
The rupee is likely to move in a range of 45.20 to 45.45 per dollar this week.
The main factors which would determine the range ...
The government securities market is expected to see rangebound trading this week.
The market had rallied last week
with the ...
Expectations of a rate cut saw the benchmark 10-year paper pierce the five per cent mark for the first time last week to touch a ...
Gradual rise in spot Re ahead
Lenders to the Punjab State Hosiery Development Corporation served a notice to the Punjab government to freeze its accounts ...
HSBC Bank has decided to shift as many has 4,000 jobs from the UK, a major chunk of which will be relocated to its Hyderabad and ...
The board of Dena Bank will meet on October 23 to consider a second public issue of shares to capitalise on the bull run in the ...
UTI Bank has reported a 45.30 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter ended September 30,2003 to Rs 64.18 crore ...
Global rating agency Moodys Investors Service today placed Indias Ba1 ceiling for foreign currency debt on review for possible ...
After shelving its co-branded credit card in association with Standard Chartered Bank sometime back, Syndicate Bank is now ready ...
The four public sector non-life insurance companies have clocked a total premium income of Rs 6,771.87 crore for the first half ...
SBI Life at No. 2 covers maximum lives at over 8 lakh
The 40-basis point reduction in the interest rates for refinance by the National Housing Bank (NHB) yesterday is likely to ...
Benchmark yield at 4.94%, inflation slightly over 5%
ICICI Bank has raised $300 million through an Eurobonds issue.
The issue
was oversubscribed five times or by over $1.5 billion. ...
A chairman-less Allahabad Bank (AllBank) has posted a 110.7 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 75.90 crore for the second ...
Finance Secretary D C Gupta today said that the government will consider issuing long-term government securities if there was ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) today demanded restoration of tax benefits on single-premium policies which are taxed by the ...
ICICI Bank has put IFCI on notice under section 434 of Companies Act for Rs 34 crore.
IFCI has informed the stock exchanges that ...
A restructuring exercise for ailing IFCI Ltd is in the works with the institution clearing a voluntary retirement scheme for ...
After putting its initial public offer (IPO) on the backburner for over a year, Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) has revived plans to ...
The Andhra Pradesh State Cooperative Urban Banks Federation organised a workshop on Implications and consequences of banking ...
IDBI Bank has tied up with SAS India Pvt Ltd to offer risk management solutions for its retail portfolio.

The Andhra Pradesh State Cooperative Urban Banks Federation organised a workshop on Implications and consequences of banking ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank is targeting to take its net non-performing assets below one per cent levels, that too on an expanded ...
The Chennai-based Ashok Leyland Finance (ALF) part of the Hinduja group has floated a 100 per cent owned insurance broking ...
The rupee fell 0.66 per cent (30 paise) today, ending a month-long run that had taken it to Rs 45.26/27 a dollar last Thursday. ...
Lack of long-term papers, lack of clarity about the role of intermediaries and taxation issues have been identified as major ...
Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) has reported a 21.59 per cent increase in net profit for the second quarter ending ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) is fine-tuning its organisational structure.
It is planning to close its fully owned subsidiary, ...
Accretion to non-resident external (NRE) deposits was down by almost 50 per cent at $495 million in July as against $1 billion in ...
Policy holders of Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) can now add a critical illness clause to their existing covers.

The rupee has been getting a premium against the dollar in the non-deliverable forwards (NDF) market since the past one week  an ...
The thirteen life insurers in the country put together could earn a first year insurance premium of Rs 4,334 crore for the five ...
Bank of America has decided to shift part of its operations to India and also firmed up plans to open a subsidiary.

The government securities market is expected to swing between buoyant and rangebound trading on expectations of a repo rate cut. ...
The usual comfort in the money market as regards liquidity could be in for a change this week.
A system that used to see an ...
Yields on corporate bonds, which came off by almost 20 basis points last week, could soften by about five basis points this week ...
The rupee is likely to trade in a range of 45.25-45.50 per dollar this week.
The market is looking at how the Reserve Bank of ...
Buoyed by expectations of a repo rate cut, the benchmark 10-year gilt hit a lifetime trough of 5.0217 per cent last Thursday as ...
Change in trend unlikely
The combination of the Reserve Bank of India's aggressive dollar buying in the spot market and a strong outlook on the future of ...
Union minister of state for banking and finance Anandrao Adsul said the restructuring of IDBI will be better facilitated if the ...
HDFC Bank has reported a 30.6 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter of fiscal 2004 to Rs 117.1 crore against Rs ...
IDFC has reported a 95 per cent jump in its disbursements at Rs 1,069 crore in the first half of FY04 against Rs 547 crore in the ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y V Reddy will unveil the mid-term review of credit and monetary policy on November 3. ...
The sale of government securities by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) through open market operation had its desired impact with ...
Commercial banks would find it very difficult to provide more long-term finance to the corporate sector as high fiscal deficit is ...
May reap a spread of 30-300 bps over Libor
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) stemmed the liquidity driven slide in government securities yields by announcing that it will ...
The Supreme Court yesterday declared that Citibank was entitled to restitution of the total amount paid by it to Standard ...
Money market
The Bangalore-headquartered Canara Bank has firmed up plans to open a representative office in Shanghai.
It is also planning a ...
After tightening interest rates on repatriable non-resident external rupee (NRE) deposits and dollar deposits (FCNR-B) to kill ...
Come Diwali, private banks in Gujarat are coming up with novel personal loan schemes to woo customers.

Come Diwali, private banks in Gujarat are coming up with novel personal loan schemes to woo customers.

The aggregate net profit of 600 companies, which have been assisted by the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), has ...
ABN Amro sees the Indian rupee strengthening to 43.20 against a dollar on a one-year horizon.
In a similar time-frame, StanChart ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) today entered into one of the biggest ATM sharing arrangement with two private banks, HDFC Bank and ...
Bank of America (BankAm) has pumped in $40 million into its 100 per cent subsidiary  Banc of America Securities.

The governments relentless push for agriculture loans notwithstanding, the nodal bank, the National Bank of Agriculture and ...
As much as 21.5 per cent of ICICI Banks loans were restructured in 2003 and if it is unable to reduce the level of impaired ...
Credit rating agency Crisil has introduced rating outlooks on ratings of long term instruments and fixed deposits floated by ...
Investment bankers have found a novel way of making money at a time when advisory fees are shrinking.

A federation of the urban co-operative banks in the Saurashtra and Kutch regions was formed on Monday in a bid to give a boost to ...
A federation of the urban co-operative banks in the Saurashtra and Kutch regions was formed on Monday in a bid to give a boost to ...
Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank plans to merge its housing loan subsidiary, Vibank Housing Finance, with self with a view to give a ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) and its subsidiaries are going all out to mop up deposits from the redemption of Resurgent India ...
Over the last one month, the Indian rupee has appreciated against the dollar much less than all major global currencies.

The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) continues to retain more than 95 per cent share of the group insurance business. ...
The exit of Ajay Bhimbet from IDBI Bank as its acting CEO and retail chief has virtually wiped out the banks senior management ...
It does not depend on Re
The share capital of Grade II, III and IV urban co-operative banks could be seriously eroded as member-shareholders are likely to ...
Liquidity will continue to remain in abundance this week.

Yields on government securities softened by about 10 basis points last week as the Centre cut its borrowing programme by Rs ...
Prices of government securities are expected to drift lower this week following the slight rise in inflation to 4.72 per cent and ...
Yields on corporate bonds are expected to consolidate at last weeks levels this week.

The rupee is likely to trade in a wide range of 45-45.50 against the dollar in the coming week.

The Bangalore-based Vijaya Bank expects to spend Rs 100 crore on information technology (IT) in the next one year.

The Indian rupee today gained 17 paise to close at a new three-year closing high of 45.3850/3950 to the dollar, even though ...
Indian exporters are in for troubled times as the rupee is seen nudging the 44 per dollar mark within a year.

State Bank of India, is tying up with two private sector peers, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank, for bilateral sharing the ATM network. ...
Initial public offering planned by May 2004
State Bank of Mysore (SBM) is opening two more branches in Hyderabad on October 3.

After ushering in a clean-note policy, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has embarked on yet another project that will see surplus ...
Acclamation poured for the former governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Bimal Jalan on Thursday from a room full of commercial ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will kick off a pilot project on truncation of cheques at Delhi in a year.

State Bank of Mysore (SBM) is opening two more branches in Hyderabad on October 3.

Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) will invest over Rs 150 crore in Gujarat over the next three years to upgrade technology and increase ...
The rupee on Wednesday closed at a 37-month high of 45.5575/5675 per dollar, gaining 27 paise during the day as the central bank ...
Over 75.2 lakh insurance policies of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) have lapsed.

Bank of Maharashtra (BoM) will invest over Rs 150 crore in Gujarat over the next three years to upgrade technology and increase ...
The New India Assurance Company, the largest non-life insurance company in the country, has recorded a 11.64 per cent growth in ...
Tata Finance Ltd has received the highest credit rating of AAA (so) from Crisil for the securitisation of its commercial vehicle ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank will serve as a platform for the group to promote its other financial services such as retail finance, stock ...
Kotak Mahindra Bank will serve as a platform for the group to promote its other financial services such as retail finance, stock ...
Bank hopes to retain 30-35% of the amount through rollovers
Bad assets to be transferred to an asset reconstruction company
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has recommended enacting of Credit Information Bureau Regulation Act to have an umbrella ...
The countrys external debt has increased by 4.8 per cent or $ 5 billion to $109.6 billion as on June end 2003 from $ 104.6 ...
In a bid to enhance credit flow to the rural sector, United Bank of India (UBI) has tied up with Eicher Motors and Larsen & ...
Andhra Bank today launched the anywhere banking facility for the account holders of all its 85 branches in the twin cities.

Retail lending will account for 50 per cent of the total advances of Vijaya Bank by March 2005, according to M S Kapur, the ...
Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Rakesh Mohan today said depreciation of the dollar will affect the exports of developing ...
Infosys, i-flex face tough competition in banking software products
Andhra Bank today launched the anywhere banking facility for the account holders of all its 85 branches in the twin cities.

Bank of India (BoI) has sold 45 lakh shares of Silverline Technologies, that were pledged to the bank, at an average Rs 8 over ...
Global Trust Bank (GTB) today declared a net loss of Rs 272.70 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2003.

In what could become a trend of sorts, Andhra Bank is contemplating revising its business growth targets downward for the current ...
A significant change has taken place in the credit card market pecking order.
ICICI Bank has now become the second largest issuer ...
Following an aggressive clean-up operation, Global Trust Bank is likely to post a net loss of Rs 100-150 crore for the year ended ...
Vijaya Bank is seeking to double its business to Rs 43,000 crore by March-end 2005 even as it is open to acquiring a North-based ...
Goes for Rs 34,888 crore less in the second half
Four consultants  McKinsey & Co, IBM, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Tata Consultancy Services  will make presentations to ...
HDFC Bank is planning to double the number of branches offering advisory services to 28 over the next 18 months with a view to ...
Corporate bonds remained lacklustre for most part of the week but picked up towards the end.
The spread between AAA five-year ...
Public sector banks (PSBs) have paid advance tax of around Rs 3,125 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal, 25 per ...
The market is braced for a rally given that the inflation rate is likely to rule benign and the auction calendar for the second ...
The gilts market opened on a bullish note, but prices fell as repo subscriptions soared, which, in turn, sparked off liquidity ...
Bulk of it will stay back
The redemption of Resurgent India Bond (RIB) are over and as seen from the last week, liquidity is not a problem.

About 1,000 employess opted for UTI Mutual Fund's voluntary separation scheme (VSS) which closed today.
UTI Mutual Fund currently ...
The spot rupee is likely to be traded in the 45.70-85 range against the dollar this week.
While the market may take a cautious ...
N S Sisodia, secretary (banking and insurance), Union ministry of finance and company affairs, came down heavily on banks for not ...
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will convene a meeting of banks before this year-end to assess implications of implementing of ...
Private sector banks
need to grow in size through mergers & acquisitions if they are to compete with public sector banks.
State Bank of Indias (SBI) capital position is comfortable to support its risk-weighted assets under the New Basel Capital ...
HDFC Bank today ruled out mergers and acquisitions for the moment and said it planned to grow by 25-30 per cent over the next ...
Citigroup welcomes competition on Indian turf.
It is not averse to acquiring a bank if the right combination  right price with a ...
When co-operative banks are viewed pessimistically in most places of Gujarat, banks in the Saurashtra and Kutch regions have ...
When co-operative banks are viewed pessimistically in most places of Gujarat, banks in the Saurashtra and Kutch regions have ...
Punjab National Bank (PNB) is eyeing a higher stake in Everest Bank of Nepal on the strength of its success in turning around the ...
Canara Bank expects to raise Rs 250 crore as Tier-II capital by December 2003.

The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today permitted foreign nationals to become an appointed actuary of a ...
Canara Bank today launched its Mahila Banking branch in Chennai.
Mahila banking branch will exclusively finance women ...
Canara Bank today launched its Mahila Banking branch in Chennai.
Mahila banking branch will exclusively finance women ...
Principal sells 30 per cent AMC stake to PNB for over Rs 35 crore
The banking industry has started launching new products and raising interest rates on non-resident Indian (NRI) deposits to ...
Bank of New York is looking at cross-border custody and fund administration for the mutual fund and pension business as and when ...
Behemoth LICs share of single premium policies falls to less than 40 per cent
India's could be assigned a 50 per cent sovereign risk weight under the new Basel Capital Accord (Basel II) instead of the 100 ...
In yet another move on current account liberalisation, the Reserve Bank of India today said the balances in the Export Earners ...
The Peerless General Finance & Investment Company Ltd (PGFICL) has firmed up plans to invest in the capital market as it has ...
Public sector banks in Madhya Pradesh are expecting a higher growth in view of the good monsoon across the state.

Public sector banks in Madhya Pradesh are expecting a higher growth in view of the good monsoon across the state.

Private life insurance players have increased share capital in view of the growth in business.

The Centre may exceed its budgeted borrowings for 2003-04 by about 10 per cent as its disinvestment plan has come unstuck.

Interest rate futures is set to be relaunched with the joint initiative of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Securities and ...
The government has asked public sector general insurers to focus on improving their underwriting performance, reducing management ...
Markets Report
Vijaya Bank 2nd Issue Opens On October 9
Ficci Survey Says Interest Rates Are Yet To Bottom Out
Crr Covering Leads To Fund Crunch
Vepa Kamesam & #8217;S Term At Rbi Extended By Three Months
Stanchart Eyes 10% Of Investment Banking Pie
Reserve Bank of India Governor Y Venugopal Reddy on Sunday told the International Monetary and Financial Committee of the ...
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company intends to focus on retail sales with competition hotting up in the corporate side.

Rights issue, NPA set-off on the cards too
Markets Report
Banks Not Comfortable With Arc Discount
Npas Seen Doubling If Adjusted For Global Norms
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) is aiming at Rs 275-crore disbursements in Andhra Pradesh during the current financial ...
All Eyes On The Local Currency
Participants Loath To Take A Call On Rates
Mutual Funds Likely To Be Buyers
Players May Prefer To Stay Liquid
Will The Cut In Nre Interest Rates Dent Nri Inflows?
For Banks, Contract Farming Is Now Hot
Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank) is aiming at Rs 275-crore disbursements in Andhra Pradesh during the current financial ...
Rupee, Yields Yo-Yo; Foreign Exchange Kitty Swells
Market participants across-the-board seem to be optimistic about the long term outlook of rupee-dollar exchange rate.

Lic To Park Long-Term Funds Via Takeout Financing
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed banks to allow funds transfer from one customers account to another customers ...
Union Bank Aims At Rs 1 Trillion Business
Forwards Up, Rupee Down
Gilt Volumes, Prices Tumble
Co-Op Banks Threaten To Surrender Licences
Icra To Grade Realty In Saarc
More Clarifications After The Declassification Of Ocbs
Mint St Assures Rib Outflow Will Not Impact Liquidity
Icici Prudential Life Pushes Unit-Linked Plans
Business As Usual For Nri Firms: Rbi Clears The Air
Markets Reports
Markets Reports
North Block Ayes Gizmos For Its Nominees On Bank Boards
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked all urban co-operative banks (UCBs) having aggregate time and demand liabilities of Rs ...
Infosys Gets Top Corporate Governance Rating From Crisil
Solvency Margin Takes Toll On Lic Policyholders
Banks have started offering rupee loans at below prime lending rates (PLR) on a large scale as foreign currency loans are ...
Southward Rates Slow Down Deposit Growth At Banks
Nre Rate Cut Clips Forwards
The proposed new private sector bank, YesBank, being set up by the consortium of Rabobank Netherlands, Ashok Kapur and Rana ...
Fresh Ocb Investments Banned
More Banks Reduce Home Loan Rates
State Bank Of Mysore Plans Public Issue
Markets Reports
Gic To Reinsure 10% Of Lic Business
Indian Iron and Steel Company Ltd ( Iisco), a subsidiary of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL), is floating a Rs150 crore bond ...
Banks Preferred To Deploy Foreign Currency Funds Locally
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company has incurred claims amounting to over Rs 103 crore in fiscal 2003.

Nre Deposit Rate Set At 1 Per Cent Over Libor
Five-Day Week For Banks On The Cards
Securitisation Act: Sorabjee Wants Fair Play  For Borrowers
More Credit Avenues Sought For Farmers
Markets Reports
Lic Housing Plans To Raise Rs 1600 Crore
Uti Bank To Fund Contract Farming
State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS), which has completed 100 years of service, plans to open 15 branches this fiscal, most of which ...
State Bank of Saurashtra (SBS), which has completed 100 years of service, plans to open 15 branches this fiscal, most of which ...
Rupee Likely In 45.70-85 Band
Divergent Views On Likely Trend
Low-Coupon Papers Seen In Demand
Bunched-Up Demand To Put Pressure On Liquidity
Call Rates Grooved, Gilts Oscillate, Rupee Firm
Where Is The Rupee Headed?
Wage Settlement Talks Dodder As Sbi Goes Solo
Banks Rail Against Benchmarking Of Lending Rates
Wall Street Eats Into Western Union Turf
India Inc Banks On Ethics, Code Of Conduct To Stave Off Economic Crime
Hc Clears Centurion Recast
Markets Reports
Rbi-Bankers Meet On Sept 16 On Benchmark Plr
Ing Vysya Life Betters Lic & #8217;S Bonus Offering
Sbi Unveils 2 Plans For Rib Holders
The forex market is apprehending a dollar shortage in the cash market between September end and middle of October in the wake of ...
Indian Card Spend Highest In Asia-Pacific In First Quarter
Markets Reports
Banks are looking out for alternatives to owning and operating their own ATMs as the cost of offering the convenience to ...
The Union Bank of India proposes to come out with a bundled product soon which among other things will offers insurance of Rs one ...
The Union Bank of India proposes to come out with a bundled product soon which among other things will offers insurance of Rs one ...
The first-ever continuous linked settlement (CLS) system for cross currencies, proposed to be set up by the Clearing Corporation ...
Markets Reports
If you are pursuing appointments with some senior executives of companies and mutual funds, September is probably the wrong month ...
Lic Bonus For Policyholders
Banks, which so far had confined their lending to the top tier companies, finally being forced to lend to companies that are not ...
Stanchart Seniors Get Global Posts; Agrawal Is Coo
Homefinance Raises $20 M, Parent Idbi Picks Thfl
Mint St Sets Cut-Off Yield For 13-Year Paper At 5.80 Per Cent
Weather Risk Products Mart Kicks Off, Ryots To Gain
The State Bank of India (SBI) is understood to have come out with two products to tap redemption proceeds of Resurgent India ...
Markets Reports
The revenue departments penchant for seeking blanket customer information from banks under the garb of roving and fishing ...
Clutch Of Floats On The Cards
Liquidity Is A Non-Issue This Week
What Should Be The Agenda For The New Reserve Bank Of India Governor Y V Reddy?
Pnb To Invest Rs 300 Crore In Uttaranchal
Reddy & #8217;S  & #8216;Continuity  &  Change & #8217; Tack Is A Policy Pointer
Rupee Dodders, Overnights Ranged, Gilts Grooved
Mint St To Stanch Steep Fall In Re
Participants Diverge On Possible Trend
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief economist-designate, Raghuram Rajan feels big deficits  whether Indias fiscal ...
The equity bug seems to have bitten the insurers too.
To improve its investment returns and hedge against the falling interest ...
Allahabad Bank may get Onkar Nath Singh, executive director of Bank of India (BoI), to succeed B Samal who retired as the ...
India must bring down the number of administered interest rates to the rock bottom, put in place a bankruptcy law, a transparent ...
In preparation for the imminent redemption of Resurgent India Bonds (RIB), the State Bank of India has asked various banks to ...
Rbi To Alter Oss Returns For Co-Ops
Markets Report
Rupee Should Be Like The $/¥/¤/£: Jalan
Shrewd Strategist At Rbi Helm
And Now, A Guru Dakshina Policy
The city-based Adajan Nagrik Cooperative Bank Ltd, which suffered heavily in the aftermath of the Madhavpura Cooperative Bank ...
Mediclaim, the mass health cover from state-owned general insurance companies, will soon have a competitor priced 20-25 per cent ...
The city-based Adajan Nagrik Cooperative Bank Ltd, which suffered heavily in the aftermath of the Madhavpura Cooperative Bank ...
Markets Report
Stci Plans To Enter Portfolio Advisory Line
Irda Panel Set Up To Look Into 5% Discount
Fierce undercutting to grab business on
National Insurance Company aims to topple the countrys leading non-life insurer  New India Assurance Company  as it heads to ...
The United States Aid for International Development (USAID) will assist the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) ...
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today issued strict guidelines for life insurance companies regarding ...
Y V Reddy To Take Over On Saturday
Markets Report
20-Year Paper Cut-Off Set At Rs 101.92
Rbi To Kick Off Basle Transition With 8 Banks
The State Bank of India (SBI) intends to retain at least 35 per cent of the maturity value of Resurgence India Bond (RIB) as ...
Thanks to the turnaround in the steel industry, banks and financial institutions have increased their interest earnings as their ...
The Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) wants to include non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) in the ambit of the Debt ...
The State Bank of India (SBI) intends to retain at least 35 per cent of the maturity value of Resurgence India Bond (RIB) as ...
Uti Arm, Tda Cap Pick Stake In Bpo Firm
Rbi Advice On Waivers For One-Time Settlement
Boi Chief Says Rate Cuts Ahead
Icici Bank Converts Hfcl Debt Into 12.65% Stake
Markets Report
Sbi Launches Online Ticketing
Insurers Go To School Near The Alps
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is considering a proposal to allow direct membership for primary dealers (PDs) in the yet-to-be ...
Outgoing Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Bimal Jalan said the current yields on medium and long-term bonds were low, though ...
Markets Report
Psb Profitability Trend Maintained
Rbi Announces 20-Year Gilt Auction, Omo
A clutch of foreign banks, who have traditionally been borrowers in the overnight call money market, have become lenders of late. ...
S & P Ups Indian Banks & #8217; Outlook
Ifc Sells 2.61% Global Trust Shareholding
Lic Invests Rs 22,200 Crore Into Gilts This Fiscal
Lic Seeks 5 Yrs To Meet Solvency Margin
Thanks to the turnaround in the steel industry, banks and financial institutions have increased their interest earnings as their ...
Blasts Fail To Rock Re, Gung-Ho Outlook Lifts Gilts
Rupee Foreseen In 45.80 /Dollar Range
Profit-Booking Time Presaged
Foreign Exchange Inflows Slowed Down
Are Low Bond Yields Sustainable?
Rangebound Run Forecast
Penalty on TPAs for delayed payments sought
The Centre has proposed opening up the doors to foreign investment in the pension foray.

Forwards Crash, Gilt Yields Up
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued licence to ARC of India Ltd (Arcil), floated by ICICI Bank, Industrial Development ...
Bankers Play Down Sc Impact On Sarfaesi Act
Markets Reports
Bob To Invite Bids For Tech Plan
Blue collar and salaried employees are unlikely to bite the bullet and opt for the proposed pension scheme unless returns offered ...
Iba For Branch Licensing Norms Review
Banks have made a proposal to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for allowing repos in dollars.

Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) is seeking Reserve Bank of India (RBI) permission to retain its holding in IDBI Bank ...
Banks Recover Rs 436 Crore
Markets Reports
Forward Premiums Head Southward On Strong Rupee Outlook
Canbank Plans Capital Return After Policy Clarity
Retail Loan Securitisations Spurt 256 Per Cent In 2002-03
Capital One May Be Lic Cards Ally
Markets Reports
Banks & #8217; Gilt Bias Frowned At
Falling Interest Rates Hit Income
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is actively considering a move to abolish the mandatory requirement of having local advisory ...
Rbi Gung Ho On Growth After 3 Years Of Caution
Downgrades Down In First Half Of 2003
Jalan & #8217;S Swansong Deviates From The Beaten Path
States Urged To Move To Vat Regime
Credit Flow To Industry Up 195% In 2003
Warning On Unhedged Forex Borrowings
$6.8 Billion Nri Deposits Pumps Up External Debt
Sterilisation First Step Towards Liquidity Management
Mint St Bullish On Stronger Re Vs Dollar
Contingency Reserve To Account For 12% Of Total Assets
Technology Innovation To Foil Liquidity Risk In Focus
Housing Finance A Cause For Worry
Pitch Raised For Savings Rate Cut
Scepticism Over 10% Industrial Growth Goal
Six Old, Five New Private Banks Under Scanner
Agricultural lending by banks is poised to get a lift with major banks planning to join to tap the vast network of the post ...
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd (CIFCL) is expected to receive about Rs 100 crore as a subordinate loan from ...
Few Insure Against Terror
Non-Life Insurers Face Profit Pressure, Says Crisil
Birla Sun Hikes Cap By Rs 30 Crore
Hdfc Standard To Raise Equity By Rs 80 Crore
Bob Eyes 3-Fold Loan Growth
Bob Takes The Lead, Cuts Deposit Rates By 25 Bps
Markets Reports
Centre Agrees To More Varishta Policies
Rbi Clamps Down On Local Area Bank Licences
Rupee, Bonds Rally
Monthly income plans to benefit most from the Mint Street move
Markets Report
The Credit Card Terminal Goes Mobile
Apeejay Finance Ltd (AFL) will be going in for its second round of securitisation of receivables to raise around Rs 50 crore in ...
Idbi Bank In Retail Thrust, Ties Up With Andhra Bank
Uco Bank Aims To Clock Rs 1 Trillion Business By 2007
24% of funds locked up in the sector
ICICI Bank has picked up a 17.75 per cent stake in New Delhi Television Ltd (NDTV). The bank had been issued 3,631,011 equity ...
The beleaguered development financial institution IFCI Ltd seems to have finally got its act in place, as it seemingly has ...
A nodal switch is expected in six months
Markets Are Punting On A Bank Rate Cut
Banks Set To Cut Deposit Rates
P P Vora, chairman and managing director Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), has been made chairman of the institutions ...
Allahabad Bank To Merge Finance Arm
Dollar Inflows Seen Keeping Rupee Firm
Repo Cut Set To Pump Up Trading
Short, Medium Bonds To Be In Focus
The Money And Bond Markets Will Be Euphoric
Gilts Board Repo Cut Rocket, Rupee Rise Continues
Is There A Shift In Investments From Debt To Equities?
Come January 1, 2004, and life insurance companies can no longer market their policies illustrating more than 10 per cent ...
Jalan Feeds Some Media Curiosity
Marets Reports
Rbi Announces Flexible Branch Licensing Regime
Panel To Be Set Up To Spot Permanent Idbi Bank Chief
Gilt Prices Crash
Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) are likely to be permitted soon to either set up asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) or ...
Market Reports
Hsbc Head Not Game For Buyouts Now
Uwb In Drive To Clean Up Its Balance Sheet
Idbi Bank Chief Says It & #39;S Consolidation Time
Rbi Okays Centurion Equity Rejig
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has taken a quantum jump in its use of information technology by installing a central database ...
To extend a helping hand to the falling urban cooperative banks in the state, the Andhra Pradesh State Co-operative Urban Banks ...
The proposed voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) of the Unit Trust of India has made no provisions for ensuring that employees ...
Financial institution Industrial Investment Bank of India (IIBI) has approached the government for a recapitalisation support of ...
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) had placed six to seven assured return policies on a watch list, senior LIC ...
Banks, Fis Cream Bull Run, Unload Shares Of Npa Firms
Markets Report
Icici Pru Sum Assured Tops Rs 10000 Crore
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has mopped up Rs 1,302 crore under the Varishta Pension Bima Yojana in the first ...
The National Law Commission of India in its consultation paper on Insurance Act 1938 has recommended constitution of a grievance ...
Max New York Life Insurance Ltd (MNYL) will pump in a fresh investment of Rs 300 crore for its operations in India.

Insurers will be forced to accept even apparently fraudulent claims if a proposal put forward by the National Law Commission ...
Public sector banks have asked the revenue department to hike the commission for collection of direct taxes to around 25 paise ...
Markets Reports
The Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has earned a profit of Rs 82 crore by offloading Rs 225 crore of high coupon illiquid securities ...
Irda Yet To  & #8216;Reconcile & #8217; 5% Discount On Premium Issue
Bhimbett New Idbi Bank Helmsman
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has drawn up a short to medium term business plan and hopes to earn around 45 per ...
The Manipal-based Syndicate Bank
is planning to take over Karnataka Bank.
Syndicate Bank
is looking at the books of the target ...
Markets Reports
Kotak Mahindra Bank Unveils Online Remittance Service
Reserve Bank Kicks Off Golden Handshake, No Target Set
Hsbc Reworks Staff Structure
Hsbc Clients Pick Up 74% In Insurance Broking Arm
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) has taken over the studios of CMM Studios under the Securitisation Act.
The ...
Ubi Eyes Rs 800 Crore Write-Off
Open Market Operation Fears Recede
Mint St Beats Down Yields, Forex Chest Expands
Omo Cut-Off Could Be A Psychological Barrier
Issues May Gain Currency This Week
Are Interest Rates Only Criteria To Make Home Loans Attractive?
Strong Run For The Rupee Foreseen
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has decided to provide over Rs 8,100 crore from internal accruals to meet the stipulated ...
Market Reports
Allbank To Invest Rs 100 Crore For Core Banking Solutions
Rupee Rise Against Dollar  & #8216;Not High & #8217;
Iob Plans Second Float In September
Syndicate Wants To Return Capital To Government Without Premium
Executive Director Appointments At Public Sector Banks Raise Frowns
Rbi Warns Against Foreign Loans
UK-based banking group Standard Chartered is setting up a non-banking financial company (NBFC) in India with an investment of ...
Banks May Get To Issue Pref Shares
Markets Report
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd (KMBL), which opened its first non-metro branch in Ahmedabad on Wednesday and its first branch in ...
Icici Bank Open To Selling Federal, South Indian Stakes
Tata Aig Offers Health Plan With Life Cover
Three Senior Executives Put In Their Papers At Idbi Bank
Dcb Eyes Rs 200 Crore Capital Infusion
The government securities market is witnessing a churn in portfolios, with players shunning long-term papers.

The investigation into the Rs 129 crore Panchmahal District Co-operative Bank scam, which rocked Gujarat in February, is yet to ...
Markets Report
Max New York Tops Million Dollar Honours List Once Again
The investigation into the Rs 129 crore Panchmahal District Co-operative Bank scam, which rocked Gujarat in February, is yet to ...
If the new draft guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to banks on risk management are anything to go by, banks ...
Insurers To Have Role In Annuity Part Of Pension Funds
Aiming at an umbrella act to avoid conflicts between the Companies Act, the Banking Regulation Act, SBI Act, SBI Subsidiaries Act ...
Parekh has paid only Rs 16 crore so far
Markets Report
Hdfc Standard Life To Up Cap Base
First-Quarter Profit Soars 38% For 36 Listed Banks
Lic Talks To Sbi Cards For Cards Venture
Lic Leaves It To Centre: Uti Bank Stake
Rupee Likely To Stay In 45.85-46.10 Band
Long-End Gilts Expected To Rally
Widening Spreads Livens Up Market
Net Inflows Of Over Rs 4000 Crore
Rupee Breaches 46/$ Mark, Gilt Yields Edge Up
How Effective Is The Move To Hike The Treasury Bill Notified Amount In Managing Liquidity?
A Clarification
4 State Loan Auctions On Aug 13
Two-wheeler loans have become cheaper by 500 basis points (5 per cent) in the last one year owing to competition and falling ...
UTI Bank is likely to be the first target for the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which is out shopping for strategic ...
Rbi Props Up Re
Markets Report
Eow Writ In Pendse Case Quashed
Oppenheimer To Offer Consultancy To Banks, Fis
Mscb Bounces Back After Five-Year Ditch, Nets Rs 26.71 Crore
India To Invest $1 Billion In Asia Bond Fund
Markets Report
Rbi Concerned About Micro Finance Bodies
Despite Ban, Corporate Bond Deals Are Mostly Off-Market
Infosys Ads Inflow Takes Rupee To 45.95
The position of the insurance ombudsman, who hears complaints and redresses grievances of policyholders, will be scrapped.

Finmin Tells Banks To Dispose Of Defaulter Assets
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has targeted 20 per cent growth in new business this fiscal, with first premium ...
Yesbank Gets 2nd Extension
Icici Bank To Invest $100 M In Global Push
Pnb To Acquire 30% In Pnb Principal Amc
Hsbc Chief Aman Mehta Game For Board Slots
Treasury Bill Cut-Off Yields Kicked Up By Rbi
And Now, A Card With Mediclaim
Fourteen states will issue the 8.5 per cent tax free power bonds soon to meet their respective electricity boards (SEB) dues. ...
Markets Report
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to embark on a massive recruitment drive even as it proposes to come out with an early ...
Regulator says project didnt suffer due to financial closure delay
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is shopping for strategic stakes in commercial banks to put bancassurance to better ...
Markets Report
Fm Vouches For Icici Bank & #8217;S Safety
The automatic debit facility of a state governments current account with the Reserve Bank of India is being constructively used ...
The Asset Reconstruction Company of India Ltd (ARCIL), which has commenced operations recently will take over assets of 12 large ...
Markets Report
Insurers Told To Put Premium Calculators On Websites
Weighed down by heavy debt burden, the Maharashtra government wants the Maharashtra State Co-operative Bank (MSCB) to share ...
LIC had expected to collect Rs 2,000 crore for fiscal 2004
Strips Gilt To Be On The Block
How Effective Is The Nre Deposit Rate?
What & #8217;S Its Impact On Forex Inflows?
Forex Inflows Rise Despitenre Cap
Rupee Seen In 46.15/25 Per Dollar Range
Arena Primed To Clock A Rally
Widening Spread To Spur Price Rally
Rbi  & #8216;Has Ammo To Tackle Cash Glut & #8217;
Idbi Retires Part High Cost Debt
Rupee Steady, Forex Hoard Soars
Borrowings in the last fiscal stood at Rs 8741 crore
Norms On Nbfc Exposure To Core Loans Altered
6 Senior Iffco Tokio Executives Resign
1350 Icici Bank Staffers Exit
Idbi To Be Merged Into Idbi Bank
Birla Sun Life In Plan To Sell Policies Online
Markets Report
The post of Allahabad Banks chairman and managing director (CMD) has two claimants now.

There is a change happening on Forex Street.
Corporates are preferring to space out their dollar purchases for month-end payments ...
Ifci Losses Down 61% In First Quarter
Market Reports
Kotak Nets Rs 19.34 Crore In June Qtr
Union Bank Aims To Extend $50 M Loans From Obu
New Basle Rules For Globally Active Banks, Says Rbi
Cii Concerned Over Rupee Rise
Lic Extends Surrender Option On 6 Annuity Plans
Bank of Baroda (BoB) has decided to enter the insurance sector and will seek an approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ...
Idbi Net Up 34% In Q1
Monthly Income Plans Outdo Bank Returns
Market Reports
Nhai To Call Back Bonds
Canara Q1 Net Soars 82%
Pwc Official Says Cdr Not The Way To Handle Npas
Aviva Life Insurance Company will not offer immediate annuities in the Indian market until it develops proper statistics on the ...
Medium-sized corporates are emerging as the preferred customers of banks for dollar-denominated loans.

Insurance agents are coming up with innovative ideas to circumvent the restrictions put in place by the Insurance Regulatory and ...
On the approvals front, too, the housing major is lagging ICICI Bank
Omo Depends On Upcoming Auctions: Jalan
The power of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to exercise control over managements of banking companies is likely to be enhanced ...
Market Reports
Aviva is planning to enter the Indian non-life insurance business having established its presence in the life insurance arena. ...
Bengal To Issue Bonds In July To Clear Seb Debt
Boi Net Profit Rises 15% To Rs 204 Crore
Putting an end to confusion over fixing the interest rates on non-resident external deposits, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has ...
Icici Bank & #8217;S $300 Mn Ecb Plan Rejected
Forward Premiums Take A Knock
Market Reports
No service tax on Universal Health Plan
The finance ministry has exempted JP Morgan International Finance from the mandatory 26 per cent divestment clause with regard to ...
Profit Selling Expected By Mid-Week
Gilts To Guide Bonds
Fii Inflows, Weakening $ Key Factors
Interest Rate Futures And Currency Options
Karnataka Bank Eyes Rs 15,000 Crore Turnover
Nervous Undertone Tanks Gilts, Rupee Stays Tough
Rupee To Flex Its Muscles
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is learnt to be looking at reviewing the interest rate structure on foreign currency denominated ...
Standard Life Chief For Rise In Equity Limit
Hdfc, Canara Cut Floating Rate 25 Bps
Markets Report
Syndicate Bank Favours Returning Govt Equity At Par
Tata Aig General Foresees Rs 315 Crore Premium Income
Five Psbs Forge  & #8216;Cashtree & #8217; Atm Agreement
Icici Bank Net Rises 34.5%
Tata Fin Likely To Sell 2-Wheeler Portfolio
Rs 5500 Crore Cap Relief For Banks Seen Through Securitisation
Centurion Bank Turns Around, Posts Rs 40 Lakh Profit In Q1
Panel recommendation to mean more foreign investment in SBI
Sbi Net Rises 20% On Retail Boom
Banks Cite Govt As Risk Factor In Ipo Papers
Market Reports
Icici Lombard Covers Indian Soccer Team
Allianz Bajaj Life Ties Up With Syndicate Bank
Lic Pension Plan Lock-In Period May Be Reduced
The second round of insurance reforms is likely to bring about a major change in the equity structure of reinsurance companies. ...
Four business lines being restructured to meet new challenges
Markets Report
The attempt by banks and financial institutions to recover their sticky assets under the Sarfaesi Act, 2002, is set to get a shot ...
Icici Bank Names Consultant For Govt Business
The Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and IFCI, with the intervention of the finance ministry, have entered into ...
The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has for the first time offered its policyholders an option to surrender six of its annuity ...
Market Reports
Uti Bank Net Soars 45% In Q1
Nre Cap To End Arbitrage: Jalan
Leading housing finance companies (HFCs) and banks engaged in home finance are looking at the option of tapping the overseas ...
Over 60% of government papers issued picked up by insurers
Loath Lic Unloads The Most At Buyback
Market Reports
Business is booming as GenNext makes a beeline for pension plans
Union Bank Q1 Profit Rises 37%
Fundmen See Repo Cut In Oct
Idbi Bank First-Quarter Net Rockets 100 Per Cent
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved a security lending and borrowing scheme proposed by the Clearing Corporation of ...
ABN Amro Bank is exploring sales of weather derivatives and catastrophe bonds for the first time in the country.

Rupee Swings Southward, Short Gilts Rear Up
Rupee Seen Ranged On Nre Cap
Long Rates Presaged On The Ascend
Floating Stock Of Long Papers To Rise
Will The Debt Buyback Plan Be Beneficial For Banks?
Centre & #8217;S Buyback Gets A Tepid Response
Lacklustre Trend To Persist
The death of single-premium policies has dramatically impacted the Life Insurance Corporation of Indias (LIC) performance in ...
Irda Revokes Ban On 5% Direct Discount
Hdfc Q1 Net Darts Up 22%
Ranjana Kumar Set To Be Nabard Chief
Cabinet Nod For Reddy As Rbi Chief
Rogoff Favours Flexible Exchange Rate Regime
Oct Meet On Buyback: Hdfc
Banks In A Fix Over Nre-Libor Linkage
Markets Report
National Insurance Braces For Rebound
Hopes To Retain 35% Of Rib Redemptions
Sbi To Expand Global Base
Centre Sets 7.5% Discount Floor For Gilt Buybacks
Nre Deposit Rates Capped
Forex Remittance Limits Jacked Up
The Life Insurance Companys (LICs) Varishtha Bima Yojana has mopped up over Rs 95 crore within 48 hours of its launch on July ...
Ashok Leyland Finance Ltd (ALF), a subsidiary of commercial vehicle major Ashok Leyland Ltd, expects to receive a long-term loan ...
Markets Report
Fifteen out of twenty seven public sector banks (PSBs) have reduced their gross non-performing assets (NPAs) by 12 per cent in ...
Banks Begin Dummy Runs Of Debt Buyback Scheme
Projects dependent on the vagaries of weather are now increasingly relying on a special insurance cover  weather derivatives  ...
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has asked Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) to reassess its ...
AMP Sanmar Assurance Company Ltd will be the first private sector insurer to directly tap non-resident Indian (NRI) business in ...
Idfc Net Dips 3.6% In Fiscal 2003
Sbi Presages Rs 1,000 Crore Rise In Npas
Aggressive Cut-Offs For 17-Yr, 29-Yr Papers
Ots Ambit May Be Extended To Guarantors
E-Payment Volumes Soar 34% In 2002-03
Icici Pru To Hike Capital By Rs 100 Crore To Rs 525 Crore
Market Reports
Setting a precedent on the settlement of non-performing assets (NPA), the Bombay High Court has ruled that the one-time ...
One would expect the visa restrictions imposed by the US and the SARS outbreak to dampen public sector banks lending under the ...
The real estate sector has been the biggest recipient of bank loans among sensitive sectors in the financial year 2002-2003. ...
Hdfc Bank Q1 Net Up 30%
Sbi Mumbai Offshore Unit Launch On Thursday
Naik Seeks Pension Plan Age Limit Breather
Market Reports
The over 20 million domestic card industry will have to upgrade itself from the present magnetic-strip-on-plastic technology to ...
Re Overvalued In Trade-Weighted Terms
The World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have sought the Reserve Bank of Indias (RBI) clearance for private ...
Gilts Colourless, Rupee Rampage Continues
Rupee Set To Rise Beyond 46/$
Narrow Run Presaged Despite Abundance Of Funds
An Insipid Run On Bond St
Repo Cut Hopes Remain Despite Regulator & #8217;S Denials
Premium On Lic Scheme Lowered To Rs 2.66 Lakh
Will The Rising Rupee Hurt Exports?
Markets Report
Allahabad Bank Plans To Merge Below Par Retail Boutiques
Deutsche Bank Kicks Off Bpo Operations
Rib Redemption Not To Impact Markets: Rbi
Banks over-commitment to dollar loans and bunching of dollar payments by corporates have once again created a dollar shortage in ...
Card Issuers Offer Freebies To Boost Volumes
Bajaj Allianz, with 53,014 policies, and Iffco-Tokio, with 42,203 policies, were the only private sector non-life insurers which ...
Y V Reddy To Head Rbi
Markets Report
Here Comes The Money Manager!
Gic To Invest Rs 5 Crore In Apidc Biotech Venture Fund
Second VRS open to banking assistants and non-clerical staff
Standard Chartered Asset Management Company is eyeing the debt fund markets in Thailand, Malaysia and South Korea.

The Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has said it will need higher support from the government if the upper limit for the ...
UCO Bank has firmed up plans to price its Rs 200 crore initial public offer (IPO) at Rs 12 a share.
The issue will hit the market ...
The Reserve Bank of India will commence the governments buyback of high coupon bonds on July 19 for a total amount of Rs ...
Hsbc Offers Two Scholarships Of  & #339;30,000 Each
Market Reports
Bob On Hiring Binge, Plans Facelift
Banks and financial institutions have found a novel way of taking on defaulters who are still taking shelter under the Board for ...
ICICI Bank has sold corporate and retail assets of around Rs 2,000 crore in the first quarter of this fiscal even as it is on the ...
The general insurance industry in the country has gone through a slower growth phase in the first two months of the current ...
The new Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) chairman C S Rao is reviewing his predecessor N Rangacharys ...
Only $10mn Option Deals On Second Day
Markets Report
ING Vysya, the private sector life insurance company, has done exceedingly well in terms of fulfilling its rural and social ...
Vijaya Names Bankers For Float Next Month
Market Reports
Iba May Get To Play A Bigger Role
Aic Gets Nod To Settle Rs 2000 Crore Ryots & #8217; Claims
Lic Seeks 10% Bonds From Govt To Subsidise New Pension Scheme
Ucbs Barred From Routing Gilt Deals Via Brokers
$250 Million Option Deals On Debut
Only 31% Npas Can Be Recovered Under Act
The Acronym That Staves Off A Runaway Rally: Omo
Stuck In A Zone Of Insipidity
Situation Of Cash Surfeit Continues
Is The Market Ready For Rupee Options?
Rupee Rise Continues, Yields In A Narrow Lane
Fii Inflows To Keep Pumping Up Rupee
Gipsa To Probe Tpa Operations
Markets Report
A Lumbering Giant Is Going Snazzy
Idrbt Revamps Infinet
Banks To Get Rtgs Tech In October
Corporate Bond Mart Gets That Jilted Feeling
Nhb Rejects Sahara Housing Finance Plan
Seizure Law To Make Housing Loans Cheaper
Market Reports
Lic Says Rs 1,771 Crore Short On Solvency Norm
Nhb Sews Up Mbs Issue Of Canfin Homes
Sidbi To Enter Co-Financing Deals With Rs 1000 Crore Kitty
Law Commission Moots Big Changes In Insurance Sector
Hdfc Cuts Fixed-Rate Loan Interest By 25 Basis Points
Tata Aig Covers Ge Staff In One Of The Largest Deals
Sbi Scheme To Retain Rib Funds
Market Reports
Iirm In Search Of Rangachary Successor
Rbi Says No Evidence Of Arbitrage Behind Forex Hoard Rise
Dewan To Take Over Vysya Housing
Market Reports
Triple Auction Sails Through
26 Psu Banks Post 47.5% Rise In Net In 2002-03
Rbi Bars Common Independent Directors On Arc Board
S & P Reaffirms India & #8217;S Junk Grade
Allahabad Bank Aims At 15% Business Growth
Psbs Recover Just Rs 440 Crore Post Securitisation Act
75% Risk Weight Likely For High Housing Loans
Stanchart Raises Rs 105 Crore Via Securitisation
Icra May Spin Off Consultancy, Corporate Advisory Business
Dena Net Profit Rockets 105% In Q4
Banks, Institutions Recast Rs 37,450 Crore Debt
Rupee Kept Rising In A Flighty Week
India Named A Lender By Imf
United India Offers Cheap Mediclaim Cover
Icici Bank Loan Sop For Vrs Takers
Rupee Rally May Continue
A Crucial Week For The Gilts Mart
$-Denominated Loans Cast A Wet Blanket
Short-Term Funds Glitch Presaged
Should A Rate Cut By The Us Federal Reserve Impact The Indian Markets?
Soft Housing Loans Can Be More Expensive
P & Sb Puts Off Results On Auditors & #8217; Questions
Hdfc In $200 M Loan Deal With Ifc
Unsecured Loan Limit May Be Risk-Based
Bonds See-Saw On Rbi Crosstalk
Divest Stake In Market, Banks To Govt
Adb Defers Plan To Raise Rs 500 Crore Debt
Rbi Talks Rates Up To Ward Off Fed Cut
Gtb Gets Nod On Fy03 Results Deferral To Sept
Three, Six Month Forward Premia On Rupee Sharply Up
Pvt Banks Keen To Join Cbec Multi-Banking Chain
Rs 21,000 Crore Auctions In July
Rbi Seeks Fortnightly Report On Insider Lending By Coops
Tac Adopts Carrot-Stick Line For Fire, Engg Covers
North Block Cracks Whip On Lenders & #8217; Liability Code
Irda Asks Lic To Meet Solvency Gap By March
Market Reports
Banking Sector Npas Pegged At Rs 1,35,500 Crore
Net Of 16 Pvt Banks Rises 45%
Insider Lending May Be On Its Way Back At Urban Co-Ops
Principal, Pnb, Vijaya In Pact For Life, Mf Forays
Rtgs Debut Likely This Fiscal Sans Pds
Finance St Eyes Glued To Fed
Rakesh Mohan Rules Out Repo Cut
Rbi Breather On Ucb Loan Ban
Irds Debut Turnover At Rs 140 Crore
Rs 10,000 Crore Recap Bonds For Lic
Market Reports
Market Reports
Postal Dept Has The Rural Edge: Life Cover
Limited Auditor Review Must For Bank Quarterlies
Kotak Bank Net At Rs 10 Crore
Re Options Debut On July 7
4 Banks, 2 Pds To Foray Into Interest Rate Derivatives
Govt May Amend Lic Act To Raise Capital
Money Markets
Should The Bond Market Be Closed On Saturdays?
Ifci Appoints Panel To Scout For New Head
Hdfc Bank Gets Rs 2000 Crore Nri Deposits
Lapsed Insurance Is A Money Spinner
Bond St May Have 5-Day Week
Handful Of Aaas Set To Entice
Re Keeps Rising Amid Insipidity, Yields Plumb Depths
Rupee Expected To Continue Its Rise
Long, Medium-Term Papers To Be In Focus
Post Corporatisation, Idbi & #8217;S Lending May Be Curtailed
Markets Report
Illiquid Gilts Get Buyback Eve Shimmer
Banks Can Pay Dividends In Spite Of Deferred Tax Assets
Firms, Brokers Collude To Skirt Ban On Premium Discount
Sbi Q4 Net Rises 20% At Rs 738 Crore
Market Reports
Sbi Group Clocks Rs 4,199 Crore Fy03 Profit
Bank Of Baroda Ed Spurns Allahabad Bank Top Job
Sbi Portends Rs 26,000 Crore Rib Redemption
Low-Cost Bank Finance Fuelled Maruti Ipo Rush
Funds Raised Via Private Placements Drop 4.2% In 2001-02
Stanchart Net Up At Rs 848.3 Crore In 2002-03
Cholamandalam Investment Eyes Rs 100 Crore Foreign Funding
Tax Sops For Arcs In The Offing
Lic To Invest Rs 4000 Crore In Equities
Market Reports
Rbi Keeps Forward Market In Check
Bajaj Allianz Covers Amarnath Yatris
Icici Bank Vrs Opens On July 1
Pfs Seek Govt Guarantee On Ifci Fund Rollover
Credit Cards Sitting On Npa Time-Bomb
Market Reports
Epfo Can Have The Cake And Eat It Too!
Union Bank Eyes 30% Rise In Profit
Uwb Q4 Profit Up Marginally
Centurion Shareholders Okay Bank Muscat Merger
Adsul Takes On Rbi Over Ucb Loan Bar, Fourth Governor Issue
Market Reports
Indian Economy Is The Fastest Growing: Jalan
Fm, Rbi Okay Parekh-Bank Of India Deal
Lic Pension Plan For One Per Family
Western Union To Expand In Gulf Region
Liquidity Levels Seen Remaining High
Do We Need The Epfo Minting Money At Corporate Expense?
Gic Set For Full-Scale Operations In London
Vijaya Bank To Merge Housing Finance Arm
Banks & #8217; Capital Issue With House Panel
Co-Op Banks & #8217; Properties On Sale Under Seizure Law
Rupee Gains Ground, Govt Papers Stay Flaccid
Dollar Inflows To Push Up Rupee
Medium, Long-Term Papers To Be Buoyant
Commercial Bonds To Track Gilts
Rbi Mum On Banks & #8217; Demand To Loosen Dollar Kitty
Market Reports
Hdfc Plans To Raise Rs 6500 Crore
Rbi, Nabard Urged To Offer Cheap Agri Credit
Chadha & #8217;S Exit Stokes Uncertainty In Idbi Bank Executive Ranks
Idbi Chief & #8217;S Disciplinary Diktat Stirs A Hornets & #8217; Nest
Hdfc Sells 10% In Mf Arm To Standard Life
Market Reports
Irda Okays Two Venture Funds For Insurance Firms
Andhra Bank Sets Up Panel To Oversee Rbs
Andhra Bank Cranks Up Non-Interest Income Target
Debt Act May Be Amended To Protect Adb, Ifc Interests
Lazard On The Prowl For New Head As Top Execs Exit
Rbi Director Passed Over, Resigns
Market Report
Pvt Banks Weeding Out Dud Accounts
Idbi Cap Profit Slips 2% Rs 228.15 Crore
Lower Npas, Transparent Accounting Top Udeshi & #8217;S List
Markets Report
Kj Udeshi Rbi & #8217;S First Woman Dy Governor
Epfo Costs Ward Off Firms
New Irda Chief Hums Predecessor Tune
Lkb To Open 17 Branches
Hdfc May Review Card Rate
The Man Who Insured The Future Of Insurance
Irda Move On Premium Discount Flayed
Gilts Buyback To Peter Out As State Insurers Turn Coy
Uti Amc Appoints Panel To Pick Ceo
Market Reports
Ecb Rates Firm Up By 15-20 Basis Pts
Deloitte To Check Lic & #8217;S Health
Liquidity, Inflation To Boost Sentiment
Should Banks Pay A Premium While Returning Equity To The Government?
Pf Funds Push For Withdrawals
3-Member Panel To Name Idbi Md
Auctions Crank Up Gilts, Rupee Finishes Stronger
Rupee Set To Firm Up On Strong Forex Inflows
Good Run Presaged After Ecb & #8217;S Rate Cut
Long-Tenor Papers Expected To Be In Demand
Market Reports
Insurance Intermediation System In For An Upgrade
Irda Chief Says State Insurers Not Adhering To Accounting Standards
Compulsory Disaster Insurance Planned
Local Buyout On Abn Radar
Sbi Operating Profit Seen At Rs 6,570 Crore For 2002-03
No Repo Rate Cut For Now, Says Rbi
Unions Say Vested Interest Behind Banks & #8217; Selloff
10-Yr Yield At A New Low On Ecb Cut
Markets Report
Now, Ssis Can Bank On Life Cover
Sbi Writes Off Rs 4,000 Crore, Net Npas Down To 4.5%
Clearing Corp Plans To Extend Collateral Tool To Corporates
Banks, Fis Prefer Arc Route To Sticky Assets Recovery
Dhanlakshmi Bank Officers Set To Intensify Stir
Market Reports
Lic Needs Rs 20,000 Crore To Meet Solvency Norm
Investment Banking Fees Hit The Floor, Shakeout Seen
Indian Bankers Slog For Longer Hours
Stapled Notes Still In Vogue
Irda Committee Moots Special Third-Party Insurer
Private Insurers May Sell Special Pension Plan
Rbi Spikes Fourth Dy Governor Plan
Market Reports
Scbs Get Nod For Ird Trading
Idbi Chief Likely To Be A Commercial Banker
States Cut Stamp Duty To Give Leg Up To Arc India
Non-Life Premiums Up 12.17% In April
Public Banks Oppose Freedom Of Information Act
Irda Slams Lid On Discount Regime
Rbi To Begin Risk-Based Supervision At 8 Banks
Boi To Transfer Clutch Of It Hands In Unique Deal
Market Reports
Royal Sundaram Eyes Smes, Personal Lines
Roll-Over Of Dollar Loans Curbed
Attached Maharashtra Account Non-Existent
Ifci Plans To Hand Over Rs 2000 Crore Npas To Arc
Rbi Sits On Licence Pleas Of 30 Ucbs In Gujarat
Gilts Get A Cash Lift, Forex Mart A Rough Ride
Flighty Run For The Rupee On Cards
Swings To Be Led By Cut-Off Yields
Trading Likely To Be Brisk, With An Eye On Gilts
Foreign Exchange Flows Key To Cash Play
As Corporates Rush For Ecbs, What Happens To Rupee Lending?
Market Reports
Sbbj Net Up 24% To Rs 203 Crore
First Tranche Of State Papers On-Tap Sale On June 12
Bank of India's KV Krishnamurthy and ICICI's HN Sinor are a study in contrast
Govt Advice Sought On Pension Fund Investment Channels
Idbi Enters Home Loans Via Tata Home Buy
Lic Pares Outstanding Claims
Pension To Cover State Staff, Voluntary Sector
Growing Branch Of Banking: Atms Spat Out Rs 55000 Crore Last Fiscal
Market Reports
Outgoing Pru Corp Chief Sees Long Amc Shadow On Pension
Irda In Talks With 2 Firms To Create Citizens & #8217; Database
Profit Sales Knock Wind Out Of Medium Gilts
Imf Pat For Indian Forex Management
Rbi Moves In To Control Surfeit Of Liquidity
Blackwill Says Trade Disparity Worrisome
Adsul To Meet Drt Heads
Banks Grapple With Tds Surcharge Rates
Sbt Net Up 41%, Declares 50% Dividend
After A Long Hiatus, A Civic Body Hits Bond Street
Cash Dollars Sold At Discount
Newbridge May Pick 49% In Gtb
Bob Net Zooms 86% In Q4
Fm To Meet Bank Chiefs On June 25
Nbfcs May Come Under Securitisation Bill Ambit
Abn Amro Sec Trading Loss At Rs 2.42 Crore
Vijaya Plans Rs 100 Crore Ipo
Growth Rate Of Invisible Receipt, Payments Tapers
Quarterly Review For Banks Likely
Sidbi Plans To Hike Stake In Idbi Bank
Market Reports
Bob Bottomline Braced For A Leap
Bor Profit Soars 52% In Fourth Quarter
Pnb Q4 Net Rockets 58%
Centurion Equity To Sabre, Bank Muscat At Rs 3 Premium
Dollar Downpour To Keep Rupee Firm
Gilts Set To Perk Up By 30-50 Paise
Uti, Oil Bonds Set To Entice
Rbi Intervention To Offset Liquidity Likely
Where Is Rupee Heading?
Southern Sojourn For Yields, Rupee Northward
Funds Diversion May Be Criminal Offence
Icra Looks Beyond Ratings
Pvt Life Insurers Rush To File Pension Plans
Rbi Mulls Merger Policy For Banks
Repo Rollover On The Cards
Irda Chief Picks Holes In Pension Game Plan
Gilts Volumes At All-Time High
Rupee Pierces 47-Mark
Market Reports
Bob Chief Sees Scope For Deposit Rate Cut
Forwards Up, Importers Go For Select Cover
Market Reports
Govt May Double Deposit Insurance Cover
Rbi Sees No Deposit Rush From Nris
Allianz Bajaj Eyes Middle Class
Market Reports
Union Strike Cripples Bank Operations
Sbi Simplifies Loan Procedure For Ssis
Euronet India Kicks Off Atm Services
Floating Rate Bonds Fail To Find Favour Among Pds
Re Closes At 46.85, Forwards Slip Further
Short Deposits Pay Less Than Savings Bank Rate
Exporters Shift To Euro Invoicing
Bad Asset Sales A Distant Dream
& #8216;Data Storage Key To Quality Decisions & #8217;
Idbi Bank Buys Dp Arm Of Kolkata Broker
Om Kotak May Tap Mf Arm For Fund Services
Rupee Losing Out To Asian Counterparts
Market Report
Sbh Chief To Head Arc India
Ubi Close To Atm Deal With Sbi
Andhra Bank To Return Rs 50 Crore To Govt
Western Zone Tops Lic & #8217;S First-Premium Chart
Forwards At Historic Lows
Jadeja Tries His Hand At Selling Insurance
Market Reports
21 Banks Post 72% Rise In Fy03 Profit
Cut Off Spread For 2014 Floating-Rate Bond At 14 Bps
Indian Overseas Bank Net Up 119% In Fourth Quarter
Oriental Bank Profit Rises 43% In Fy03
Oriental Bank Rules Out Public Float, Mergers
Idbi Bank Lines Up Rs 154 Crore Rights Issue
High Losses Plague Private Insurers As Well
Allahabad Bank Net Up 107%
Allbank Hopes To Rake It In Via Gilts Buyback
Om Kotak Annuity Scheme This Year
Gilt Yields Edge Down, Rupee Roars Ahead
Rupee Set To Move In A Narrow Lane
Yields Likely To Ease, Profit Sales To Follow
Clutch Of Factors Seen Spurring Softer Yields
Lack Of Direction In Spite Of The Liquidity Overhang
Should Importers Hedge Their Exposure Now?
Ing Vysya Bank Net Zooms 123 Per Cent
Peerless Gets Fresh Rbi Registration
Charminar Depositors Set To Get Rs 75 Crore
Jalan Sees Easier Q2 Inflation
25 Top Lic Branches Earn More Than Most Pvt Life Insurers
Syndicate Bank & #8217;S Q4 Net Rockets 347 Per Cent
Rabo Troika On Fast Track To Bank Launch
Idfc Angles For Divestment Spoils
Lic In Talks With Capital One For Credit Card Foray
Market Reports
Icra In Kuwait Venture
Vadodara Bank Hobbles With Defaulters On The Lam
Corporation Bank Fy03 Net Up 35%
Vijaya, Principal, Pnb To Set Up Insurance Venture
Punjab  &  Sind Bank Rs 100 Crore Ipo This Year
Market Reports
Private Insurers Target Non-Residents
Canara Bank Angles For 16 Per Cent Growth
Tayal Points Finger At Bangurs
Idbi Bank Meet Over Rights Float On May 19
Market Reports
Curbs May Nix Foreign Bank Obus
Rbi Unions Gripe About Closure Of Manual Note Check Centres
Standard Pension Plan Drafts Direct Bank Payment Option
Sahib & #8217;S New Motto: Turn Pf Body Into A Bank
Standard Pension Plan Set
Sbi Life Takes The Lead In Pension Scheme Launch
Pnb, Vijaya To Take Idbi Stake In Amc
A Win-Win Deal?
Forward Premiums Slashed, Reserves Rear Up
Rupee To Continue Its Rising Trend
Trendline In Horizontal Mode
Grooved Run On The Cards
Ample Liquidity Will Ensure Market Does Not Fall
Impact Of Centre & #8217;S Move To Buy Back Illiquid Securities
Rbi Calm Despite Volatile Forwards
Indusind Bank Net Dips 64%
Market Reports
Rakesh Mohan Underlines Keys To Growth
Private Banker To Head Iba
Gtb Chief Says Spruce-Up Moves On
Non-Life Pvt Insurers Post 200% Growth
Atm Network New Battlezone For Banks
Market Reports
Maruti Finance Eyes Rs 3000 Crore Deals
Crisil Sees Stable Financial Sector Ratings
Andhra Bank Net Up 99%
Hdfc Standard Life Reports 260% Growth
Forward Premiums Crash To 1%
Idbi Q4 Net Up 14.84%
Gic Gets Crumbs As Players Reinsure Abroad
Hdfc Net Up 16% In Q4
Market Reports
Karur Vysya Banks On Organic Spread
Bajaj Allianz General & #8217;S Net At Rs 9.6 Crore For Fiscal  & #8216;03
Birla Sun Life To Hike Share Capital To Rs 200 Crore
Bank Muscat To Inject Rs 30 Crore Into Centurion
Rbi Scraps Sick, Weak Tags For Urban Co-Op Banks
Market Reports
Icici Lombard To Focus On Retail Segment
Indian Bank Plans Public Float Next July
Uti Bank Q4 Net Rises 44%
Prepayments Crimping Housing Firms & #8217; Growth
Epf Interest Payments Stopped
Market Reports
Ecb Mart Sees Raft Of Flotations
Rbi Warns Lenders On Margin, Security
Other Income Boosts Union Bank & #8217;S Q4 Bottomline
Irda Asks Insurers To Share Risk Premium With Gic
Yields Cool To Policy, Rupee Rigid, Forex Kitty Up
Mint St Leash On Rupee/Dollar Parity To Continue
Sub 10-Year Maturity Papers To Log Interest
Yields Set For A Southern Swing
Liquidity Tapering But Still Ample To Take Care Of On-Tap Sale
Interest Rates After The Credit Policy Pronouncements
Indian Bank Net Up 468% In Fiscal 2003
Om Kotak Unveils Capital Market-Linked Life Plan
Tax Lolly May Prompt Big Psbs To Sell Chunk Of Gilts
Ge Caps, Sbi Extend Ties To Insurance
Bank Of Baroda, Bank Of India, Central Bank To Offload
Govt To Buy Back Illiquid Gilts Worth Rs 82,524 Crore
Market Reports
4 Psbs Lose Functional Autonomy
Strike Cripples Operations At Public Banks
Ge To Buy Tata Stake In Jv
Urban Co-Op Banks Oppose Rbi Ban On Loans To Directors
Lic Not To Surrender Long-Dated Govt Paper
Bob, Union Bank Plr Move Today
Hsbc Insurance Seeks Composite Broking Nod
Boi Plans Second Golden Handshake
World Bank Man May Get Arc Chief & #8217;S Job
Market Reports
Boi Net Rockets 214% In Q4
Sbi Reduces Rates By 25 Basis Pts
Rabo Seeks Co-Op Banks & #8217; Recast Mandate
Banks To Meet Fin Secy On Debt Buyback Tomorrow
Market & #8217;S Not Convinced
Kudos From Chambers
Back-Stop Facility Eased
Nod For Bank Swaps On The Cards
Leg-Up For Core Sector Financing
Multiple Plrs To Go
Rupee Derivatives To Help Manage Risk
Stage Ii Of Transition To Pure Call Market From June 14
Mergers Push Money Supply Up 15%
Gdp Growth Pegged At 6% In Fy04
Concurrent Audits Made Mandatory
Loan Impairment Norms Relaxed
The Right Fillip
Salutary Initiatives
A Deft Statement
All Measures Taken
Global Paradigm Goal
Liquidity-Led Line
Balancing Act
Going For Stable Growth
Geopolitical Shadow Looms Large
Softer Rates, No Matter The Circumstances
Banks Split On Rate Cuts
Bond St Unimpressed
Meeting Expectations
Tactical Tack
On Circumspection St
Steady As She Goes
Limitations Bog Down Ssis
Interest Rate Options, A Positive
Another Opportunity Lost
No Inflationary Pressure: Jalan
Rewind Of Dr. Bimal Jalan & #39;S Monetary And Credit Policy Announcements
Bs Jury
A Sweet And Sour Deal
If I Were The Governor...
Rbi Cuts Rates To Boost Confidence
Rbi Against Unhedged Loans
Hsbc To Trim Size Of Branches
Ifc Ropes In Aig Arm For Mortgage Venture
Pragmatism Underscored
Boi Fourth-Quarter Net Seen Rocketing 75%
Bankers Presage Rate Cut
Exim Bank Net Up 21% To Rs 207 Crore
Idbi Bank Net Up 35.7% At Rs 71 Crore
Harkirat Singh Quits Rabobank Partnership
Market Reports
Hdfc Seeks $200m Ifc Loan
Has The Bank Rate Lost Its Relevance?
Cut Tattle Runs Ring Round Players
Policy Initiatives To Prompt Movement
All Eyes On The Credit Policy Pronouncements
Rbi May Find It Hard To Maintain Soft Rate Bias
Governor Lift For Yields, Paying Prop For Premiums
Mint St Expected To Keep Lid On Rupee
Guidelines For Home Loans Soon
Lic & #8217;S Income From Premium Dips In  & #8217;02-03
Focus Likely On Graded Risk System For Assets
Icici Bank Q4 Net At Rs 338 Crore
Market Reports
Amex To Focus On Cross Selling
Stanchart Hunts For Bad Assets
Investment Cap Keeps Off Reinsurance Majors
Special Deposit Opacity Leaves Pfs In A Spot
Banks & #8217; Bad Loans Still High: Fitch
Clearing Corp Set To Offer Free Platform For Forex Dealing
Management Control Of Centurion With Sabre
Kotak Sells Fascel Stake
Mastercard Slates Debit Card Push
No More Buys In Next 12-18 Months: Talwar
Market Reports
Mumbai 25th In Global  & #8216;City Risk & #8217; List
Fundmen Face Pf Rate Heat
Irda Moots Same Regulator For Pension, Insurance
Securitisation, Reconstruction Firms To Maintain 15% Car
Nri Deposit Rates May Be Tuned
Four Banks Apply For Offshore Licences
Centurion To Sew Up Deal With Sabre Today
Market Reports
Irda Can Approve Takeovers
2018 Gilt Cut-Off Set At Rs 101.40
Panel Meet On New Idbi Structure Tomorrow
Co-Op Bank Of Ahmedabad  & #8216;Runs & #8217; Into Trouble
Coop Banks Told To Kick Off Concurrent Audit
E-Transfer To Clip Banks & #8217; Access To Advance Tax Funds
Undercutting Seen Hitting Reinsurance Capacity
Insurers Told To Adopt Prudent Underwriting Methods
Market Reports
Stapling Fiat Will Compound Fake Notes Issue, Say Bankmen
Bank Rate, Crr May Be Cut
Gdp May Grow 6.4%, Says Crisil
Banking Bill Tabled
Arc May Hawk Uniworth Assets
Promotion A Dirty Word For Hsbc Clerical Staff
Banks Poised To Sell Gilts In Bourses
Cash Set To Drive Yields Down
Securities Surge To Come In Handy
Higher Inflation Not To Impact Yields Due To Liquidity Overhang
Is The Honeymoon With Low Interest Rates Over?
Gic Plans Agricultural Reinsurance Foray
Gilts Swing Up, Rupee Flat, Non-Food Credit Soars
Rupee To Rise With No Negative News Around
Small Firms Face Funding Drought
Sbi Life To Take On Lic On Edli Front
Market Reports
Lic Housing To Raise Rs 2500 Crore
Rs 7000 Crore Twin Auction On Apr 22
Bhagwati To Probe Run On Icici Bank
M & A Tax Benefit For All Banks Likely
Bank Officers To Launch Agitation
Centre May Issue 50-Year Gilt To Aid Pension Plan Kickoff
Market Reports
Cover Cap Imperils Road Mishap Victims
Union In Atm  Talks With Two Banks
New India Likely To Wrap Up Bancassurance Pact With Sbi
Hdfc Bank May Take Part Of Parent & #8217;S Loans In Own Books
9 Lic Board Seats Empty
Pension Market Size Shrinks 90% In  & #8217;02-03
Bollywood Script Goes Wrong For Lic
Non-Food Credit Grows 100% In Fy03
Market Report
Mitsui Sumitomo Gets 26% Stake In Cholamandalam General
Bankers Nix Idea Of Rate Hike Based On Inflation
Icici Bank Sees Rs 550 Crore Deposit Withdrawals
Sbi Says No To Ifci Takeover
Commercial Vehicle Loan Rates Below 8%
Panel May Hear Industry Bodies On Idbi Repeal
Indusind Bank Defers Plan To Float Arc
Lic May Post Over 10% Total Income Growth
Cap On Unsecured Loans To Go
Icici Bank Feels Pain Of Gashes Left By Co-Ops
Funds Depress Yields, Re Rises, Forex Bag Bloats
War Overhang To Influence Rupee/$ Run
Laps Of Profit Sales And Buying Ahead
Holidays Throw A Wet Blanket
Yields Unlikely To Fall Much Owing To Liquidity Overhang
Ytm Or Zero Coupon Curve?
What & #8217;S The Best Reference?
Rbi Plans Rules On Margins, Paperwork For Home Loans
Icici Bank Stocks Up Rs 2,500 Crore
Legalise Fdi Originating In India: Rbi
Rbi Prods Primarily Dealers To Increase Underwriting
Banks, Unions Spar, Wage Talks Stuck
Indians Embarrassed About Success, Says Investment Banker
Banks May Boycott Interest Rate Futures
Holiday Spree To Reveal Tech Gulf Between Private And Public Sector Banks
Market Reports
Bob Paves Way For Single-Window Banking
Lic To Push Sales Of Unit-Linked Products In Current Fiscal
Chopra To Take Over As Sidbi Chief
No Takers For Forwards, Premiums Crash
Single Premium, Pension Hit Lic
Market Reports
Nhb To Divest Stake In Housing Finance Firms Through Float
Iob Planning Second Float In Aug-Sept
Banks Allowed To Lend More To Joint Ventures Abroad
Indusind Shortlists 3 Allies For Insurance Foray
Gic To Transfer Agricultural Cover Portfolio To Aic
Andhra Cid Files Case Against Prudential Co-Op Defaulters
Dena Bank Clawing Back To The Profits Path
Cash Tom Trades In Negative Zone
Rbi To Recall 15% Of Notes
Lic Picks Up Harshad & #8217;S Tata Engg, L & T Shares
Uti Bank Takes Ifci To Tribunal
Labour Pain Makes Icici Bank Think Separation
Ifc Unlikely To Pick More Stake In Centurion
Market Reports
United India Eyes Rs 20 Crore Premiums Via Bancassurance
Drooping Dollar Lifts Forex Kitty
Citibank Awaits Fdi Fineprint, Keeps Plans Organic Till Then
Banks Allowed To Issue Guarantees On Loans To Fis, Lenders
Market Reports
Insurers Offer Cover To Unborn Children
Money Markets
Death Of Single-Premium Policies
Stanchart In Three-Pronged Initiative To Drive Up Growth
Reserves Rebound, Yields Spin Southward, Rupee Rising
Rupee Expected To Continue Rising
Tuesday & #8217;S Twin Auction To Set The Pace
Inflation Frowns To Curb Participants
Icici Prudential Life Sales Rocket 200%
Centre & #8217;S Borrowings To Begin With Twin Auction
Net Seen Spurring Laundering
Twin Gilt Auctions To Raise Rs 9,000 Crore
Icici Bank Invests Rs 200 Crore In Sme Fund
Worst Over For India Inc, Feels Rakesh Mohan
Market Report
Icici Bank Ups Priority Sector Portfolio To 13%
10 Year Gilt Yield Drops Below 6%
Pass Cheap Credit To Small Business, Says Jaswant
Bankmuscat May Invest In Centurion
Market Reports
Lic Housing Disbursals Up 63%
Bharat Overseas To Consider Capital Structure Move In July
Central Bank, Lic In Bancassurance Pact
Sbi Home To Retrench 70 Staffers
Om Kotak Ups Capital Base
Rib Outflows Not To Dent Forex Reserves
Gilt Investments By Banks Surge Past Rs 1 Trillion
Optimism Is The Refrain Among Bankers
Downward Bias In Gilt Yields To Continue
Bank Spreads Hit Small Firms
Market Reports
Insurers Deftly Fulfilling Hinterland Obligation
Allahabad Bank Clocks 12% Deposit Growth
Chola Expects To Net Rs 100 Cr Premium Income
Indusind Spinning Off Divisions
Rbi Detects Home Loan Scam Brewing
Rbi Eases Realisation Norms For Sez Units
Idbi Takes Over Suman Motels & #8217; Unit
Twin Auction To Kick Off Centre & #8217;S Borrowings Plan
Rbi Blames Real Interest Rates For Slowdown
Market Reports
Banks Sitting On Food Credit Timebomb
India Behind Many Emerging Economies On Fdi
Amber Flashed Over Monetary Policy Constraints
Mint St Seeks Faster Reforms
Currency
Government Securities
Corporate Bonds
Money Markets
Will Interest Rates Go Up In The New Fiscal?
Yields Clipped, Reserves Dip, Rupee Rear-Up Continues
Betting On A Bank Rate Cut
Ministry Scraps Shortlist For Bank Eds
Single Premium Covers Face Early Death
Icici Bank Buys Credit Card Unit Of Tata Fin
Psu, Foreign Banks Cut Lending Rates In Oct-Dec 2002
Market Reports
Varishtha Pension Plan Unlikely To Draw 80ccc Benefit
Nhb Reworks Refinance Scheme
No Capital Raising Plan This Fiscal, Says Uti Bank
Insurers Call Back War Cover
Market Reports
Sbi Life Talks To States On Pension Plans
Apex Bank Steered 41 Security Floats In 11 Months
Panel Sets Credit Derivatives Terms
Ombudsman In Jaipur Was The Busiest
Dcb Open To More Foreign Stake
Cas Get Full Indemnity Cover
Iibi Likely To Be Merged With Idbi
Market Reports
Rbi Pumps In Rs 5,750 Crore
Market Reports
Pnb Disaster Recovery Unit Planned In Mumbai
Sbi Life Craves For Edli Feast
Icai Frowns At Banks & #8217; Plan On Hiring Of Auditors
Banks Slamming The Door On Cash Spouters
Idbi To Talk To Foreign Lenders
Market Reports
Accounting Norms For Repo Deals Set
Royal Sundaram Mulls Life Link
India Inc Allowed 5% Discount In Direct Deals With Insurers
Money Markets
What Will Be The Impact Of Us-Iraq War On Inflation?
Firms Can Borrow Abroad To Settle Npas
Yields Swing Southward, Gilts Calm, Reserves Rear Up
Currency
Government Securities
Corporate Bonds
Relief Bond Window For Institutions Also
Market Reports
Adb Set To Invest About $7.5bn In Next 3 Years
Fm Blocks Irda Plan To Scrap General Risk Discount
Govt Allows Idbi To Reissue Slr Bonds
Rbi Eases Norms For Offshore Banking Units
Market Reports
Private Insurers Motor Ahead Despite Potholes
Syndicate Bank Told To Pay Allahabad Rs 31 Crore
Centurion Board Meet To Thrash Out Equity Recast
Sbi & #8217;S Short Loan Is A Big Draw
Banks Weigh Internet Protocol-Based Straight-Through Processing
Kandla, Mumbai Ports Hit By War-Risk Premium
Standard Life Picks Up Another 4% In Hdfc
Market Reports
Cricket Scores, Movie Data Now On Atms
Chennai Firm Offers Delivery Channel Solution For Banks
Centre To Issue 6.5% Savings Bond
Demand For Working Capital Dead
Credit Information Bureau On Net For State Coop Banks
Centre & #8217;S Move To Hit State-Owned Banks & #8217; Bottom Lines
No Comeback To Gtb, Says Gelli
Cost Cuts, Vrs Lifted Banks In  & #8217;02
In Cards, Credit Has Lost It To Debit
Insurers & #8217; Hopes On Rebate Rollback Ebb
Market Reports
Prices Of Gilts Inclined Northward
Inflation, Tax Outflows Can Lift Yields
Advance Tax Outflows Could Impact Liquidity
Will The Iraq War Impact The Debt Market?
Piracy Keeping Fis Off Films
Pvt Players Will Be Given Some Quota On 3rd Party Motor Cover
Yields Retract, Rupee Sturdy, Forex Pile Burgeons Anew
War Could Spawn Edgy Sessions
Lic Wants Agents To Tap Celebrities
Insurance Fdi Cap To Be Raised In 2 Months
Irda Bars Early Policy Renewal
Sbi Moves To Merge Gilts Arm With Dfhi
Rbi Revises One-Time Settlement Plan For Urban Co-Op Banks
Vanilla European Rupee Options Ahead
New Stanchart Ceo To Bring In  & #8216;Tens Of Millions & #8217;
Market Reports
Aon Eyes Bollywood, Railways For Special Risk Covers
Levy Millstone Hangs Around Fx Brokers & #8217; Necks
Hdfc Bank Plans Emi For Credit Cards
Money Market
Banking Street Serenades The Small Fry
Chola Finance, Hdfc Bank In Securitisation Deal
Non-Life State Insurers & #8217; Vice-Hold Continues
Banks Plan Tenor-Linked Prime Rates For Home Loans
Rabo Buys Out Indian Partners
K M Gherda Named Kotak Mahindra Bank Chairman
Allahabad Bank In Hunt For Rs 100 Crore To Bolster Tier-Ii
Money Market
Endowment Is Still The Favourite Policy
Ides Of March For Bond St, Says Merrill Lynch
Federal Bank To Tread M & A Path To Balance-Sheet Growth
Fii Cap In Sbi May Be Raised
Money Market
Insurance Vrs Cuts Marketing Cadre 32%
Nhai Raises Rs 5,300 Crore Via Bond Issue Till Feb
Swadhan Atms To Be Unplugged From Dec 31
Service Tax Hike To Make Medical Cover A Costly Affair
Debt Swap To Cost Banks 40% Of Profits
French Auction Planned For Debt Buyback
Eyes Glued To The Us-Iraq Situation
Grooved By State Loans Auction
Overhang Of Negatives To Smother Trend
Budget Proposal To Buy Back Illiquid G -Secs - A Win-Win Move For All
Budget Bounce For Yields, Loan Plan Pares Forex Kitty
Money Markets
Proxy Charge At Andhra Bank Poll
Abn Amro To Set Up Amc
Vasavi Latest Ap Co-Op To Go Bust
Moody & #8217;S Ups Icici Bank To Investment Grade Rating
Investment Norms For Pfs Eased
Money Market
10-Yr Yield Rebounds To 6.44%
Gtb To Up Share Cap To Rs 350 Crore
Five State Firms To Tap Bond Street For The Last Time
Money Market
Wdm Turnover Crashes
Andhra Bank Plans Rs 140 Crore Bond Issue
Adb Team Meets Rbi On Centurion Equity Rejig
Deutsche Bank Presages No Rise In Rates For Now
Sbi Life In Health, Pension Plan
Marsh First Foreign Broker To Get Irda Licence
Firms Rush To Renew Insurance Cover
Sbi Act Changes Not For A While
Money Market
Iffco Mulls Rural Co-Op Bank Venture
Wma Limit Up 18.8% For States
Deutsche Bank Houses Asia Processing Unit In Mumbai
Bob Slashes Deposits Rates By 25-75 Bps
Bob Bottomline Seen Boarding Treasury Rocket
Asset-Backed Securitisation On The Ascend
Funds In A Spot Over Backdating Requests
Rs 876 Crore Tata Aig Cover For Wipro Staff
Hsbc Eyeing Regional Banks
I-T Surcharge Likely To Net Rs 750 Crore
Money Market
Lic Aims For Rs 1000 Crore Mop-Up Via Pension Plan
Yields Rear Up On Bond St After Friday Fever
Idbi Bank Chief Gunit Chadha May Exit Before Schedule
Infrastructure Equity Fund Set Up
For Housing Firms, It & #8217;S Time To Rethink Overseas Fund Plans
Uti Bank Pref Issue To Raise Rs 164 Crore
Money Market
Idbi To Unwrap Hybrid Bond, Snips Rate
Liquidity Sucked Out Of System Following Rs 14,000 Crore State Loan Auction
Banks May Put Off Rate Cuts
Rs 10,000 Crore Business Lost
Rupee Seen In A Comfortable Range
Rate Cut Prop Exists, But Liquidity Cloud Hovers
A Round Of Stability On The Anvil
Net Scheduled Inflows Drop To Rs 1003.6 Crore.
The Union Budget And Interest Rates
Banks To Pocket Rs 1621 Crore On Buyback
Gilt Yields Unlikely To Dip Further For Now
Banks May Not Bite The Rate Cut Bullet
Lic, Two Funds To Pick Up Uti Bank Pref Issue
Money Market
Iob Public Issue Slated For August
Credit Info Bureau Launch Next Month
Idbi Sells 25 Lakh Dfhi Shares To Sbi
Banks Can Book Income On Accrual Basis: Project Loans
I-T Loss Talk Slam Brakes On Eradi Report Move
Stanchart Unveils Family Savings Account With Insurance Cover
...Incentive To Stop Smoking
Om Kotak To Tie Up With Dena, Kotak Bank...
Hdfc Bank May Enter Home Loan Mart Next Fiscal
Money Market
Pvt Banks Take Lead In Lending Rate Reduction
Consolidated Supervision Must For Groups Under Bank
Money Market
Lic To Withdraw Children & #8217;S Plan Bal Vidya From March 31
Infrasoft Launches Laundering Software
Canbank Set To Raise Rs 500 Cr Via Bonds, Ties Up With Aviva Life
Banks & #8217; Securitisation Power Pegged At Rs 60,000 Cr
Hudco Forays Into Consultancy Services, Targets Saarc
Union Bank Eyes Rs 12 Cr Life Insurance Premiums
Govt Privately Places Gilts With Rbi To Clear Foreign Debt
Nabard Seeks Outsider To Lead As Public Bankers Turn Chary
India Inc In Rush To Raise Yen Loans
Rbi Coaxes Banks To Pick State Govt Paper
Money Market
Should The Government Reduce Administered Interest Rates
Outstanding Debt At 25.7% Of Gdp
Interest On State Borrowings Declines To 9.20% In  & #8217;01-02
Corp Bank Due Diligence On For Uti Bank Stake
State Guarantee No Substitute For Credit Appraisal
Fiscal Deficit Of Six States Seen Higher
Reforms Lined Up To Contain Fiscal Deficit
State Finances Deteriorated In 2001-02
Rbi Warns States On Revenue Slippages
Home Loan Deals Get Sweeter
Money Market
Gujarat For Raising Dicgc Cover For Cooperative Banks
Term Lending Bodies Still Relevant: A T Kearney
Securities Trading Corp Sets Up Gilts Centre At Bangalore
Lic Hsg Targets Corporates To Regain Market Share
Motor Insurance To Be Detariffed By April 2004
Rbi Tightens Country Exposure Norms For Banks
Two More Gujarat Co-Op Banks Close Shop
Icici Price For Uniworth Unit Sale Irks Banks
Sbi To Take Hit On Home Loan Rate Rejig
Money Market
Mmcb May Close Down As Ucbs Turn Chary
Hdfc Life Eyes Rs 300 Crore Premium Income
India Ranks High On Allianz Radar
Reinsurers Get Wary, Likely To Lower Term Of Risk Products
Govt May Offer Rs 700 Crore Budgetary Aid To Idbi
Lic Wants Nhai To Securitise Fuel Cess Against Credit Line
Lic Plans To Pare Chunk Of Corporate Holdings
Union Bank Plans Premium Credit Card
Rbi May Ease Norms For Asset Transfer
Bond Yields Up, Prices Crash
Money Market
Rbi Plans To Overhaul Banks & #8217; Audit System
Drt Appoints Receiver To Sell Spic Petro Assets
Money Market
Mint St Pushes Shredded Note Curios
Lic Slaps Commitment Fee On Long-Term Loans
Bajaj Allianz Set To Cast The Net Wide In Product Push
Rbi Warns Ucbs Of Penal Provisions Over Lapses
Jalan, Modi To Meet On Feb 21
Exim Bank Takes Over Usha India Property
Money Market
Visa Eyes New Segments For Card Business Spread
Ncr Unwraps Cheque Imaging
Bor Bracing For Merger Of 100% Arm With Itself
Rbi Moves Cap On Loans From Eefc Accounts
Is The Honeymoon In The Debt Market Over?
A Choppy Run Portended
Clutch Of Factors To Determine Course
Non-Slr Papers Unlikely To Wind Down
Tauter Liquidity Expected As Rbi Takes Some Measures
Volumes Thin In Retail Gilts Market
Blix Caps Rising Yields, Fresh $1 Bn Leap In Forex Hoard
House Panel For Reverse Merger Of Idbi
Banks & #8217; Holding In Gilts With 11-12% Coupon Dips
Pnb Warns Defaulters Of Stringent Action
It & #8217;S Back To School Again For Insurance Agents
State Bank Scripts Rs 500 Crore Capex Plan
Panel Report On Overhaul Of Recovery Of Debts Act Hangs Fire
Psu Banks & #8217; Gilt Portfolios See Rs 20,000 Crore Drop
Pf Body Asks Idbi About Safety Of Investments
Urban Coop Body Moots Fund To Revive Ucbs
Non-Gulf Nris Play Bigger Role, Says Hsbc Official
Insurance Broking Magnate Draws Mattress Vendor Too
Soft Interest Rate Policy To Continue, Says Jalan
Gujarat Coop Banks Coy Of Action Against Defaulters
Hc Says Co-Ops Can Use Drt Route For Speedy Recoveries
Hsbc Offers Cheapest Home Loan At 8.25%
State Bank Plans Home Loan Plr
Uti Bank Eyes Pref Issue As Tata Plan Hits Roadblock
Andhra Bank Cap Plan Cleared
Canara Bank Pulls The Plug On Financial Services Subsidiary
Banks & #8217; Mantra Must Be The Customer: Kotak
Fitch Affirms India Ratings Despite Deficit
Aviva To Set Up Call, Claims Processing Centre
Mfg Data, War Fears Scythe Gilts
Irda Nixes Increase In First-Year Commission To Agents
Icici Bank Plans To Set Up 10000 Edc Terminals
Lic Swaps Rs 1,700 Crore Gilts With Sbi
Sabre Sees Major Role In Banking M & A Space
Crisil Scripts Risk Gauge Tool For Film Industry
Uti Bank Rolls Out At Par Facility
Lic Mops Up Government Securities As Prices Crash
Banks Plan To Raise Lending Rates Without Altering Plrs
Net Scheduled Inflows Of Rs 1,559.9 Crore
Rbi Calls Meet To Push Floating Rate Deposits
Sticky Loans Divide Consortiums
