'A renewed push for 'Buy America' could complicate matters for low-margin generics, and any uptick in regulatory stringency may weigh on sentiment,' said an analyst.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,900.40, Bharti Airtel is experiencing a downturn, influenced by broader market dynamics.
The city gas distribution firm’s deal could be the biggest such hybrid instrument in the country since another Adani company ATL HVDC’s Rs 900 crore offering in March this year.
The stock's last traded price is Rs 1,461.30, with the trading volume reaching 186,908.
With the recent liquidity injection by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and rising market optimism, a decision by the RBI to cut interest rates could result in positive sentiment across sectors.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Hindustan Aeronautics recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5650 in its research report dated May 18, 2025.
The stock is currently trading with positive momentum.
Top gainers &amp; losers: Indian stock markets ended the session in the deep red on July 2, buoyed by multiple factors.
Talking about crucial levels, the zone of 23,850-23,800 will act as a crucial support for the Nifty 50 next week.
However, on the upside, the zone of 24,250-24,300 will act as a crucial hurdle for the index, said Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities.
UBS said the current fiscal year could result in a broad-based earnings recovery for the consumer sector, with overall growth of 13 percent.
The index is expected to extend its southward move in the upcoming sessions, given the negative sentiment.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Commenting on the changes, Mohit Joshi, Tech Mahindra’s CEO and Managing Director said the new roles reflect the company’s commitment to strengthening market-specific strategies.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Shriram Finance with a target price of Rs 640 in its research report dated April 26, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty declined amid rising crude oil prices and sustained foreign fund outflows.
Heightened geopolitical tensions also weighed on investor sentiment.
Jefferies’ Chris Wood raised Reliance Industries’ stake in his India portfolio
while increasing exposure to real estate stocks like DLF and Macrotech in the Asia ex-Japan's long-only portfolio.
HSBC reaffirmed its buy rating on Asian Paints and Berger Paints, increasing the target price to Rs 2,900 and Rs 640, respectively.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on ITC recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 500 in its research report dated August 02, 2025.
The cracker project will have a capacity of 1.5 million tons and will be built in next four to five years, says IOC Chairman
Pharma stocks: The rise in the pharma stocks comes on the back of easing global trade tensions, with US President Donald Trump announcing that the trade deal between US and China is &quot;done&quot;.
Asian Paints share price: Around 3.5 crore shares, representing nearly 3.64 percent of the company's total equity stake, changed hands in a large block deal worth approximately Rs 7,703 crore
MRF reported consolidated net profit for the January–March 2025 quarter at Rs 492.74 crore, higher by 33 percent on-year.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 417.20, ITC has seen a gain of 1.27% from the previous close.
Macquarie said noted that compared to peers, Trent leads the pack on key metrics, such as growth, return profile and inventory turns.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on ITC has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 530 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
Notably, the IT stocks have seen significant volatility in the recent days amid US President Donald Trump’s tariff flip-flops.
India's equity benchmarks rose after a muted start on Monday, supported by gains in IT and financial stocks
Trent shares have demonstrated positive momentum, supported by strong financial metrics and a bullish market outlook.
Sensex, Nifty snapped a two-day fall, tracking a firm trend in the Asian markets and buying in auto and metal stocks.
Motilal Oswal's Fund Folio report said MFs were net buyers in 52% of the stocks on the Nifty 50 index during April, but the broader market space saw greater institutional interest.
The store portfolio of Westside has strongly surged from the 238 units it had reported at the end of the December quarter of the current financial year.
Following a significant run-up and subsequent profit booking, the index is expected to remain range-bound in the near term.
Below are some trading ideas to consider for short term.
With the stock's price at Rs 11051.00, UltraTech Cement's performance reflects a slight downturn in today's trading session.
According to the average estimates from five brokerages polled by Moneycontrol, revenue for the quarter is projected at Rs 34,500 crore, down 9 percent quarter-on-quarter and over 5 percent year-on-year.
Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing was the top gainer on the index, surging 10% to remain locked in the upper circuit at Rs 1,179.50 apiece
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,055, TCS has touched its 52-week low on BSE amid bearish sentiment.
Indian stock markets ended higher on June 27, with benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty rising over 0.35% each, and Nifty Bank hit a record high.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Adani Ports and SEZ recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1400 in its research report dated March 05, 2025.
The defence index has recorded decline in six out of seven straight sessions.
As part of the agreement, Incyte has granted Sun Pharma a limited, non-exclusive license to US Patent Nos. 9,662,335 and other related patents.
Steel stocks have been on the rise since past week after China announced it would restructure its steel industry to cut the total output.
The latest move by China is expected to reduce the dumping of cheap steel into the Indian market, seen as a major positive for the domestic steel manufacturers.
U.S. President Trump said the tariffs on imported steel in the U.S. will increase from 25 percent to 50 percent, effective June 4.
Moneycontrol analysis from July 28, 2025, indicates a bearish sentiment surrounding the stock.
With the stock currently trading
at Rs 1,935.10, Bharti Airtel has demonstrated a positive trend in early trading.
With the stock's last traded
price at Rs 3,217.30, Tata Consultancy Services shows a decline in today's session with over 18.4 lakh shares traded.
Bajaj Auto share price: Under the new protocol, Bajaj’s vendors must self-declare end-use, followed by approvals from Indian authorities and the Chinese Embassy in India.
Axis Bank shares surged 2 percent after lender’s Q4 results beat estimates.
It had reported a net profit of Rs 7,118 crore in Q4FY25, marginally lower than Rs 7,130 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 147625.00, MRF has seen a decline of 2.05% in today's trading session.
Asian markets followed an overnight rally on Wall Street after US President Donald Trump softened his stance on new tariffs for Mexico and Canada.
Brent crude was inching towards $65 a barrel after OPEC+ agreed to increase production by 411,000 barrels per day, lower than expectations.
Fresh escalations in Russia-Ukraine's war and rising tensions between US and Iran further boosted oil prices.
Stocks to Watch, 21
Apr: Stocks like Infosys, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, HDFC Life Insurance Company, Yes Bank, Jio Financial Services, Tata Elxsi, Just Dial, IndusInd Bank, Tata Consultancy Services, ABB India, and NIIT will be in focus on April 21.
The consolidation is expected to continue in the upcoming sessions until the benchmark indices give a decisive close above the February swing high.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Both InterGlobe Aviation (IndiGo) and Tata Motors hold promise but require distinct approaches, said Rahul Ghose.
Consumer companies also face stiff regional competition, a rising trend of D2C brands and inventory pressures in trade channels, which has been worsened by a summer season sale that has been largely muted, the note said.
Sharekhan is bullish on Titan Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4155 in its research report dated May 15, 2025.
The market is expected to remain rangebound and attempt to defend the previous day’s low amid elevated VIX levels.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Moneycontrol analysis on 2025-05-28 suggests a bullish sentiment for Bajaj Auto.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,903.50, Bharti Airtel has seen a slight decline during today's session.
Equitas Small Finance Bank's asset quality worsened, with overall net slippage rising from 2.38% in Q1 FY25 to 4.35% in Q1 FY26.
Both Nomura and Motilal have maintained a 'Buy' rating on the stocks upon SBI Life's mixed Q4FY25 performance.
Sensex, Nifty surged on Monday as global and domestic cues lifted investor sentiment.
Investor confidence received a boost after US President Trump agreed to delay the proposed 50 percent tariffs on European Union goods.
Bharat Electronics share price: The stock has seen significant surge in recent days, jumping nearly 25% in the past one month.
The stock has gained over 34% so far in 2025, and over 51% in the past one year.
Broader markets outperformed benchmarks, with the BSE midcap index rising 1.3% and the smallcap index gaining 1%.
Bajaj Auto share price | The management said they have reached a 'marginal profit' position on strong unit economics of the Chetak electric scooter and a growing contribution by the E-3W segment.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,909.40, Bharti Airtel experienced a marginal decline in early trading.
IT stocks: Nifty IT index rose over a percent to emerge as the top sectoral gainer on June 16.
The IT index has now recorded gains in eight out of the past nine sessions.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,728.30, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries demonstrates strong financial metrics and active corporate actions, contributing to its market performance.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,028.50, Tata Consultancy Services is a key component of the Nifty 50 index.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Adani Ports and SEZ recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1700 in its research report dated May 31, 2025.
Given the favourable technical indicators, the uptrend is likely to continue in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Stocks to watch, 9
June: Stocks like Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp; Engineers, GHV Infra Projects, Multi Commodity Exchange of India, Bharat Electronics, Hindustan Copper, RITES, Afcons Infrastructure, UPL, Asian Paints, Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, and Manappuram Finance will be in focus on June 9.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 21: Stocks like Lloyds Metals and Energy, Ashoka Buildcon, CG Power and Industrial Solutions, Unichem Laboratories, Happiest Minds Technologies, Piramal Pharma, Power Finance Corporation, Asian Paints, Container Corporation of India, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank, and Endurance Technologies will be in focus on March 21.
The volatility seen around bank stocks also comes amid anticipation of a rate cut by RBI’s MPC, which is set to announce its decision on April 9.
Sharekhan is bullish on Coal India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 450 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 5,842, Tata Elxsi has experienced a notable downturn in today's session.
Adani Enterprises shares are trading at Rs 2,488 amid high volume in today's session.
HUL share
price: Goldman Sachs upgraded HUL shares to 'Buy' from its earlier 'Neutral' rating, and raised its target price to Rs 2,900 per share.
Tapti oil and gas fields were operated by the Panna-Mukta and Tapti (PMT) joint venture under a production sharing contract with the Government of India.
Bajaj Auto's current price stands at Rs 8465.00, marking a decrease of Rs 142.00 from its previous level.
Nifty Metal index extended gains for the sixth consecutive session, rallying nearly 7% during the period.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Asian Paints with a target price of Rs 2500 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded on the back of heavy buying in IT, Metal and Financials after retail inflation eased to a nearly six-year low, raising hopes of further RBI rate cuts.
The recent rally in defence stock has coincided with current geopolitical tensions, but the movement is more from strong order pipelines, performance and anticipated long term gains rather than on short term considerations of conflict, say experts.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 411.85, ITC has seen moderate volatility in today's trading session.
Lower crude prices translate to softer input costs for paint companies like Asian Paints, as the manufacture of paint requires more than 300 items, most being petroleum-based.
Net Sales are expected to increase by 26.6 percent Y-o-Y (up 1.8 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 48,749.8 crore, according to Prabhudas Lilladher.
Three promoters of Paras Defence cumulatively sold 13.34 lakh shares of the company in large bulk deals, adding to the selling pressure in the pack which has seen a record run in recent weeks.
With the stock's current price at Rs 1,651.20, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries experienced a downturn in today's session, influenced by bearish investor sentiment.
Trent share price: High valuations and weak market sentiment also had a bearing on the stock performance on April 7
Stocks to Watch, 02 May: Stocks like Adani Enterprises, Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone, Indus Towers, Jindal Steel &amp; Power, Nuvoco Vistas Corporation, Home First Finance Company India, Sundram Fasteners, MOIL, Phoenix Mills, Godrej Agrovet, LG Balakrishnan &amp; Brothers, JSW Infrastructure, and Sona BLW Precision Forgings will be in focus on May 2.
Along with the Q4 results, the Adani Group company announced a dividend of Rs 1.3 per equity share for its shareholders.
Technically, all the moving averages and momentum-based indicators suggest strong bullish momentum
in the Bank Nifty index.
The daily RSI is quoting at 67.45, and it is in rising trajectory, which suggests strong bullish momentum.
Shares of ITC were trading with a marginal gain of 0.50% with over 90.8 lakh shares traded.
Earlier this month, media reported that Reliance is transferring all its consumer goods brands to a new wholly-owned subsidiary as the billionaire Mukesh Ambani-led oil-to-telecom conglomerate readies for an initial public offering for its retail business.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,189.90, Tata Consultancy Services is currently trading lower compared to its previous hour price of Rs 3,192.70.
Banking shares rallied in-line with the sentiment in the broader market, after latest inflation data raised optimism for potential RBI rate cuts, and easing US-China trade tensions offered respite from global recession fears.
Crude oil prices affect the paint business and tyre industries are they are raw material-intensive industry.
Rising crude oil rates also increases the cost of producing items.
Stocks to watch, 30
May: Stocks like Procter and Gamble Health, Amara Raja Energy &amp; Mobility, Gujarat Pipavav Port, ICRA, SJVN, NLC India, Harsha Engineers International, IFB Agro Industries, InterGlobe Aviation, Bajaj Auto, Ipca Laboratories,Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders,Lemon Tree Hotels, and Suzlon Energy will be in focus on May 30.
The funds will be raised through a public offer or a private placement of senior unsecured notes in US Dollar or any other major foreign currency, or both, said SBI.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 407.50, ITC experiences a slight dip compared to its previous day's close amidst traded volume of over 52.4 lakh shares on the NSE.
IT stocks: US Fed Chair Jerome Powell said that he expects 'meaningful' inflation ahead.
This will likely reduce the discretionary demand for US consumers, which may affect these IT firms.
The continuation of the northward journey is possible only if the market posts a strong close above the 20-day EMA.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The surge in traded volume and the marginal increase in share price reflect positive investor interest in Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone, supported by its consistent financial performance and strong growth metrics.
Stocks to Watch Today, 1
August: Stocks like Coal India, Shanti Gold International, Swiggy, PB Fintech, Chalet Hotels, RR Kabel, JSW Energy, Aarti Industries, ITC, Eicher Motors, and Gujarat Gas will be in focus on August 1.
Valuations across the power sector have seen a divergence, with Utility players like NTPC and Adani Power correcting from their 52-week high, while power-focussed capital goods companies still commanding premium valuations.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Tech Mahindra recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1950 in its research report dated April 24, 2025.
With a current price of Rs 256.70, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation has demonstrated a positive movement in today's trading session, reflecting steady investor interest.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,170, Tata Consultancy Services reflects a positive momentum in today's session.
India’s largest power major NTPC is in the process of acquiring land for the proposed plant.
The 50 megawatt (MW) gas-based power plant
in Andaman &amp; Nicobar is expected to be commissioned by 2027-28, sources told Moneycontrol.
Shares of Hindustan Unilever were trading flat in Tuesday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 2,515.
Sensex, Nifty declined by over 1 percent amid weak Asian cues after U.S. President Donald Trump deferred a proposed 50 percent tariff on European Union imports.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,445.80, Hindustan Unilever is experiencing positive momentum in today's session.
The upward journey may continue if the bulls gain further strength in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
At 12:20 pm, Bharti Airtel shares reflect a marginal dip, but the company exhibits robust financial health supported by increasing revenues and strategic corporate actions.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,896.50, Bharti Airtel has shown a positive move from its previous close in today's session.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Tata Steel has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 176 in its research report dated May 14, 2025.
Analysts are waving caution on metal stocks in the wake of uncertainty over Chinese steel prices and global growth
Sensex, Nifty traded lower on Friday, shedding early gains, as concerns over US President Donald Trump's reciprocal tariff stance dampened sentiment.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,091.20, Tata Consultancy Services has seen a decline and is currently among the top losers on the Nifty 50.
The stock's decline reflects broader market sentiment, with shares trading at Rs 5,388.50 as of 11:05 am.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Trent recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6900 in its research report dated June 18, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 19
May: Stocks like Zen Technologies, Arvind Fashions, Galaxy Surfactants, KRBL, Kalpataru Projects International, IOL Chemicals, Repco Home Finance, CreditAccess Grameen, Dhampur Sugar Mills, Gujarat Alkalies, Kaynes Technology India, Texmaco Rail &amp; Engineering, Sterlite Technologies, and Dr Reddy's Laboratories will be in focus on May 19.
Stocks to Watch, 28
May: Stocks like Tata Steel, Belrise Industries, HBL Engineering, ITC, Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers, Zuari Industries, Triveni Engineering and Industries, DCX Systems, Procter and Gamble Hygiene and Health Care, ITI, NMDC, JK Lakshmi Cement, and Gateway Distriparks will be in focus on May 28.
Shares of ITC are trading positively in Wednesday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 419.50 on the NSE.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on UltraTech Cement recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,900 in its research report dated April 28, 2025.
HDB Financial's net interest margin of 7.6 percent places it in the mid-tier range of profitability, especially when compared to Bajaj Finance.
Traders are advised to adopt a wait-and-watch approach in the next couple of sessions until a clear breakout or breakdown confirms the next leg of the move, said Sudeep Shah.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,944.20, Bharti Airtel is currently among the top gainers on the Nifty 50 index.
HAL Announces AGM on August 28 and Sets Record Date for Final Dividend
Industry executives say the opportunity is “massive,” with demand expected to surge as prices fall.
Sensex, Nifty declined amid selling pressure in large-caps, FII selling and a mixed trend in global equities impacted sentiments.
Sharekhan is bullish on Tata Consultancy Services has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3900 in its research report dated July 10, 2025.
Shares of Bharti Airtel were trading at Rs 1,910.40, a 0.60% decline in Monday's session.
PSU Bank stocks: Bank of India shares jumped nearly 4 percent to trade at Rs 129 apiece, while those of Bank of Maharashtra gained over 3 percent to hover around Rs 57 apiece.
Bharat Electronics' achievement of a 52-week high, coupled with its robust financial performance, positive cash flow, and favorable market
sentiment, highlights its strong position in the market.
Bajaj Finserv promoter entities eyeing part stake sale in the firm, and are going to launch a Rs 4,750 crore block deal with upsize option.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 6: Stocks like Wipro, Walchandnagar Industries, Hindustan Zinc, R Systems International, Kirloskar Industries, Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services, Dalmia Bharat, Sterlite Technologies, Banswara Syntex, Lorenzini Apparels, Adani Enterprises, and Manappuram Finance will be in focus on March 6.
Bharti Airtel is included as one of the stocks in the benchmark Nifty 50 index.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Cipla has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1730 in its research report dated May 14, 2025.
Jefferies said the consumer companies Varun Beverages, Hindustan Unilever, and Asian Paints were its top contra-ideas for the next 12 months.
Brokerages remain optimistic on Tech Mahindra following its Q4FY25 earnings, with a gradual recovery in margins and deal wins supporting the investment case.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 19: Stocks like ESAF Small Finance Bank, Granules India, Westlife Foodworld, Strides Pharma Science, TVS Supply Chain Solutions, Dr Reddys Laboratories, TD Power Systems, Larsen &amp; Toubro, Zen Technologies, Brookfield India Real Estate Trust REIT, and Jyoti Structures will be in focus on March 19.
Stocks to Watch, Feb 24: Stocks like Bharti Airtel, Coal India, Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals, Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services, Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals, Adani Green Energy, Bajaj Auto, Allcargo Logistics, RailTel Corporation of India, Swiggy, Ami Organics, SRF, and Brigade Enterprises will be in focus on February 24.
According to a Moneycontrol poll, Titan Company is likely to report a 16 percent revenue growth at Rs 16,366 crore.
Auto stocks: The sharp fall in the share prices pushed the Nifty Auto index down nearly 1 percent to hover around 23,466 in the afternoon.
Stocks to Watch, 23
May: Stocks like TD Power Systems, MITCON Consultancy &amp; Engineering Services, Trent, Bharat Electronics, Nestle India, IndusInd Bank, Power Mech Projects,Metro Brands, MTAR Technologies, Honasa Consumer, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, and ITC will be in focus on May 23.
While the market may rebound following last week’s sell-off, the key factor to watch is sustainability.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Global uncertainties erupted after US President Donald Trump announced reciprocal tariffs, triggering trade war and recession fears
Sensex, Nifty declined as heavy selling in Kotak Mahindra Bank and weak trends in Asian markets weighed on the investor sentiments.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Bajaj Finance with a target price of Rs 900 in its research report dated July 25, 2025.
Apollo Hospital's Q3 earnings was a largely positive show, marked by a higher-than-expected net profit on the back of strong revenue growth and operational improvement.
RIL said it has a balance of 87 lakh equity shares of Asian Paints, held under Siddhanth Commercials Ltd
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Sun Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2400 in its research report dated April 10, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Coal India recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 440 in its research report dated March 04, 2025.
Asian Paints reported a 45 percent drop in Q4 profit as muted demand and intensifying competition, especially from new entrant Birla Opus, pressured volumes.
'The broader price structure continues to reflect a bullish bias, making dips a buying opportunity for positional traders,' said Hardik Matalia from Choice Equity Broking.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Axis Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1400 in its research report dated Jun 18, 2025.
Bajaj Finance said its AUM stood at around Rs 4.17 lakh crore as of March 31, 2025, marking a 26 percent rise, as against the Rs 3.31 lakh crore AUM reported a year ago.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Hindustan Aeronautics recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5000 in its research report dated April 02, 2025.
Defence stocks: Zen Tech shares surged over 60% in May following 'Operation Sindoor', but have closed in the red in five out of the past eight sessions.
LIC is likely to be anchor investor with Rs 7,000-crore bid, the channel reported
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Ultratech Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,668 in its research report dated April 29, 2025.
The divestment was executed through the open market, a common method for institutional investors to adjust their holdings nwithout direct negotiatio
BEL and Tata Electronics
will explore opportunities to collaborate in Semiconductor Fabrication and Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Testing (OSAT), along with design services solutions, which will be offered by Tata Electronics.
'Adani Ports handled a record 450 MMT of cargo and became the beating heart of India’s trade,' said Adani
Group Chairman Gautam Adani.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,902.90, Bharti Airtel has seen a marginal rise from its previous close in today's session.
NTPC Unit Adds 660 MW; Group Capacity Reaches 81,368 MW
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,055.10, Tata Consultancy Services has shown a slight decline in today's session.
The market may extend its rally if it decisively clears the previous week’s high in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Sensex tumbled amid heavy selling in IT shares and trade deal jitters, while the broader Nifty fell below its 20-DMA.
LKP Research is bullish on State Bank of India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 907 in its research report dated May 07, 2025.
Adani Enterprises reported a 7.5x jump in profit on account of one-time gain of Rs 3,286 crore made from the sale of stake in Wilmar.
Recent Moneycontrol analysis indicates a bearish sentiment on the stock.
The selloff comes a day after the bank index hit a record high of 55,961 for the first time, including several bank shares touching fresh highs.
The fall in share prices may be driven by profit booking after the recent upmove.
Stocks to watch, 27
June: Stocks like Hitachi Energy India, Mahindra Lifespace Developers,Premier Energies, Western Carriers India, Embassy Developments, Power Mech Projects, UltraTech Cement, Satin Creditcare Network, Aakaar Medical Technologies, Safe Enterprises Retail Fixtures, and Mayasheel Ventures will be in focus on June 27.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Adani Ports and SEZ recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1560 in its research report dated April 18, 2025.
The market may attempt to continue its upward journey amid rangebound trading in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on State Bank of India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 960 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
Significantly, Saha is reportedly seen as the potential candidate for IndusInd Bank's top position of MD and CEO
RBI MPC's decision to not cut rates impacted some of the rate sensitive stocks, while no further enhancement to liquidity dampened the sentiment for the broader markets.
Motilal Oswal maintained its buy rating on Adani Ports &amp; SEZ, with a target price of Rs 1,620 per share, indicating a 15 percent upside
The government budgets to earn approximately Rs 20,000 crore through QIP of five banks, namely Bank
of Maharashtra, Indian Overseas Bank, UCO Bank, Central Bank
of India, and Punjab and Sind Bank.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,241.10, Tata Consultancy Services is currently trading lower in Monday's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 811.95, State Bank of India shows a marginal increase from its previous close.
In conclusion, Tata Consultancy Services is currently trading at Rs 3,225.50, showing a marginal increase of 0.09% in today's session with over 6.5 lakh shares traded.
The market decisively needs to break the trading range of the May 15 session to establish a firm direction.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
BEL Q1 Net Profit Stands at ₹969.13 Crore, Up 24.9% YoY
Stocks to watch, 13
May: Stocks like Raymond, Care Ratings, One 97 Communications Paytm, Kfin Technologies, Premier Explosives, Aether Industries, Sundaram Clayton, Northern Arc Capital, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, and Tanla Platforms will be in focus on May 13.
Bharti Airtel to Hold 30th AGM on August 8, 2025
During the quarter consolidated net profit increased by 49 percent Year-on-Year to Rs 2,226 crore.
Revenue also jumped by 13% to Rs 21,275 crore
in the June quarter FY2026.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Oil and Natural Gas Corporation with a target price of Rs 276 in its research report dated May 22, 2025.
The benchmark indices remain bullish despite Tuesday's consolidation and are expected to move northward in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 414.60, ITC has demonstrated positive movement during today's trading session.
&quot;No nation can match India's storytelling power,&quot; RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani says, as tributes are paid to the victims of the Pahalgam terror attack
Rajiv Anand had joined the bank in 2013 and has served different roles over the years.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on State Bank of India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 975 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty declined, weighed down by selling pressure in oil and gas stocks after fresh tariff threats from US President.
Investors also turned cautious ahead of RBI's MPC meeting outcome, scheduled to be announced on Wednesday.
Shares in the group's flagship firm Adani Enterprises opened 2.2% lower, while Adani Ports fell 2.5%
Stocks to Watch, 22
July: Stocks like Titan Company, Bajaj Finance, PNB Housing Finance, Oberoi Realty, Havells India, 360 One WAM, Arisinfra Solutions, BL Kashyap and Sons, Afcons Infrastructure, and Lemon Tree Hotels will be in focus on July 22.
Titan's current MD C K Venkataraman will retire from the services on December 31.
He had joined the company in 1990, and took charge as the MD in October, 2019.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Tata Steel has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 190 in its research report dated May 14, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Bajaj Finance with a target price of Rs 9000 in its research report dated April 30, 2025.
Reciprocal tariffs by the United States has stoked fears of a full-blown trade war, with China and Canada vowing countermeasures, adding to the nervousness among investors.
To sustain India's growth trajectory, ITC Chairman backed the need for 'strategic' supply chain decisions and an effort to 'redouble' value addition in the economy, while stating that new brand launches are aimed at driving 'value accretion'.
In the broader market, the BSE Midcap index slipped 0.4%, while the Smallcap index ended flat.
Sectorally, media, energy, IT, and oil &amp; gas gained between 0.3% and 0.7%.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,521.50, Hindustan Unilever demonstrates a steady performance in today's early session.
Although the majority of brokerage firms maintain a bullish stance on the stock, a number of them have revised their earnings estimates downward for FY26 and FY27
On May 8, shares of defence companies tumbled in the second half amidst profit booking with most defence players losing early gains.
The Centre is developing a Nuclear Energy Mission framework and considering amendments to the Atomic Energy Act and the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act, to encourage private sector participation.
Brent crude, the global oil benchmark, fell by 0.51 percent to USD 70 per barrel.
The decline followed concerns over U.S. growth, uncertainty surrounding U.S. tariffs, and OPEC+'s decision to increase output.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 421.60, ITC has shown a slight gain compared to its previous close.
Hindustan Copper, Jindal Steel among top metals movers in April 22 trade
The breach is seen as a violation of confidentiality protocols, with potential implications for the credibility and timeline of the final order.
The benchmark indices are likely to be rangebound in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
ICICI Securities is bearish on Tata Elxsi has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4420 in its research report dated July 11, 2025.
Trent shares price declined as Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock and slashed its price target.
IMD said it is expecting above-normal temperatures and heatwave days across India from March onwards, following an unusually warm February.
According to a Moneycontrol poll, Titan Company is likely to report a 14.6 percent revenue growth at Rs 12,904 crore.
The increased volume and price movement have drawn attention from investors and market analysts.
Titan to Acquire 67% Stake in Damas Jewellery for GCC Expansion
Motilal Oswal is bullish on State Bank of India recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 915 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
With its price increase and robust financial performance, MRF exhibits a notable presence in the market.
Broader indices also witnessed a similar trend wherein midcap managed to close with modest gains while smallcap closed flat.
The outperformance extended last week’s trend where both small and midcap indices recorded gains while benchmark indices remained muted.
Stocks to Watch, 30
June: Stocks like Torrent Pharmaceuticals, JB Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals, Jyoti CNC Automation, BHEL, Alembic Pharma, Waaree Energies, Prestige Estates Projects, Bharti Airtel, Le Lavoir, Reliance Industries, and Hind Rectifiers will be in focus on June 30.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Tech Mahindra with a target price of Rs 1530 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
The mood on Dalal Street is likely to remain optimistic in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Sun Pharma: Raksha Valia Pledges 6,50,000 Shares
Stocks to Watch, 18
July: Stocks like Wipro, Axis Bank, LTIMindtree, Indian Hotels, Lupin, Tracxn Technologies, Capital Small Finance Bank, Veranda Learning Solutions, IndoStar Capital Finance, and Sunteck Realty will be in focus on July 18.
Shares of Hindustan Unilever were trading lower in Wednesday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 2,429, a 1% decline from the previous close.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded over 1 percent on Monday amid a sharp rally in index heavyweight Reliance Industries and the robust foreign inflows.
The June quarter results of ITC Ltd misses estimates as a Moneycontrol poll of eight brokerages pegged its net profit at Rs 5,000 crore in Q1FY26.
A government draft on emission reduction target has for the first time mandated to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by oil PSUs like IOC, BPCL, HPCL, GAIL and ONGC, along with private sector refineries.
Sensex, Nifty recovered as investors believe the recent Trump announcement of 25% tariff is a negotiating tactic, and that any final tariff imposition may be lower than initially stated.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Adani Ports and SEZ has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1700 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
The market is expected to remain rangebound and consolidative in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Sharekhan is bullish on Tech Mahindra has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1950 in its research report dated July 16, 2025.
Checkpoint Therapeutics is a Nasdaq-listed company focused on developing treatments for solid tumor cancers, including UNLOXCYT.
The deal was valued at $355 million in cash and milestone payments.
Jefferies anticipates a positive impact on ONGC's EPS, with a projected 14% CAGR from FY25 to FY27
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Hindustan Aeronautics recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5100 in its research report dated April 24, 2025.
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Q3 Results: The healthcare and hospitals major was expected to post robust earnings in a seasonally weak quarter due to better occupancy and improve revenue per bed.
Given the bearish sentiment and the marginal decline in early trade, investors are likely monitoring TCS's performance closely.
Stocks to Watch, 17
Apr: Stocks like Waaree Renewable Technologies, GTPL Hathway, Prestige Estates Projects, UltraTech Cement, Bharat Heavy Electricals, Indian Railway Finance Corporation, SML Isuzu, Petronet LNG, SBI Cards and Payment Services, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, Tata Steel, Ballarpur Industries, and Karnataka Bank will be in focus on April 17.
A softer summer and early onset of the monsoon led to a decline in electricity demand across the country, affecting coal-based power generation volumes, say brokerages
Sharekhan is bullish on Titan Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4155 in its research report dated May 15, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 409.95, ITC experienced a decline of 1.20% in the previous session.
RBI MPC meet outcome: The rally in metal stocks is in line with several rate sensitive sectors like banks and realty, as well as the overall stock market.
Trading volume indicated significant investor interest in the stock during the session.
Sensex jumped 450 points from its day’s low to trade at around 81,735.28, while the broader Nifty moved closer to the key 24,900 mark, underlining a strong comeback in investor sentiment.
Shares of Hindustan Unilever were trading at Rs 2,461.60 on Wednesday's session.
The market is expected to consolidate further, although the overall trend remains positive.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Brent Crude futures were hovering around $69 per barrel on June 24.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,480.20, Cipla reflects investor reactions to both market dynamics and company-specific announcements.
This decision reflects Tata Steel's robust market position and efficient operations in India
The floor price represents nearly 2.5% discount from the current price of SBI share
With the stock currently priced at Rs 3,046.20, Tata Consultancy Services is trading lower in today's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,941.70, Bharti Airtel has shown a marginal increase from its previous close.
The move will boost the Tata group firm’s expansion plans in six Middle East nations
NHPC, NTPC, Power Grid and Power Finance Corporation each held 4.05% stake in PTC India, as at the end of the March quarter.
An early monsoon is seen as a key trigger for rural consumption, particularly benefiting sectors like fertilisers, two-wheelers and fast-moving consumer goods, which rely heavily on rural demand.
Stocks to watch, 13 June: NTPC, Jubilant Food, Jubilant Pharmova, Jubilant Ingrevia, HCL, Torrent Power, Asian Paints, SEPC, ICRA, Talbros Automotive Components, Sasken Technologies, Schneider Electric Infrastructure
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a bullish sentiment for the stock.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Titan Company recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4250 in its research report dated July 21, 2025.
SBI, India's largest lender, is planning to raise funds through the issuance of Basel III-compliant tier-II bonds with a 10-year or 15-year maturity in July or August, news agency Reuters has reported citing sources.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 8,216.50, Bajaj Auto experienced high trading volumes in today's session.
Nifty Auto index declined amid caution ahead of India-US trade deal, with all its 15 constituents trading in the red, extending the index’s decline for the third consecutive session.
Stocks to Watch, 21
July: Stocks like Reliance Industries, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, JSW Steel, IDFC First Bank, Dr Reddy's Laboratories, IRCON International, Sona BLW Precision Forgings, Anthem Biosciences, and Spunweb Nonwoven will be in focus on July 21.
The largest selling was seen in Adani Enterprises shares, with mutual funds trimming their holdings by over Rs 346 crore in April.
This was followed by Adani Energy Solutions and Ambuja Cements, where funds reduced stake by Rs 302 crore and Rs 241 crore respectively.
Crude oil prices climbed as markets awaited a 'major announcement' from US President Donald Trump related to Russia.
All 13 sectoral indices were in the green, led by IT stocks with heavyweights Tata Consultancy Services, HCL Technologies, and Mphasis leading the gains.
The market is expected to be range-bound in the upcoming session.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Bajaj Finance Q1 results: Revenue rises 21% to Rs 19,524 crore
Emkay Global Financial recommended buy rating on Shriram Finance with a target price of Rs 750 in its research report dated April 26, 2025.
Trump had earlier said on March 24 that he will announce tariffs on automobiles, pharmaceuticals and aluminum in the near future.
With the new tariffs in place for automobiles, investors worry that pharmaceuticals may be next on the list.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 2,443.10, Hindustan Unilever has seen a marginal increase of 0.06% from its previous close.
On June 12, Reliance Industries sold 3.5 crore equity shares of Asian Paints at a price of Rs 2,201 apiece, representing nearly 3.64 percent of the company's total equity stake,
With ITC's shares currently trading at Rs 412.90, the stock reflects a slight decrease in today's session.
Defence stocks: 'Further profit-taking appears likely and would be considered healthy, given the significant rally in recent weeks,' says Ajit Mishra from Religare Broking.
Sensex, Nifty jumped over 3 percent after India and Pakistan announced a ceasefire with a total market cap gain of Rs 14 lakh crore.
The broader market displayed a mixed trend, with the BSE Midcap index remaining rising 0.3 percent
while the BSE Smallcap index declined 0.7 percent.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded sharply on US-China trade talks optimism as well as continued buying by the foreign institutional investors in the domestic market.
Adani Ports shares emerged as the biggest gainer among the Sensex and Nifty firms.
Morgan Stanley sees earnings growth in the pharma sector moderating in FY25–27, though robust balance sheets could support investments in high-growth areas.
In 2025, Goldman Sachs has executed at least 15 separate share purchases on behalf of its P-note clients, including investments in Eternal, Paytm and Bharti Airtel, a trend in stark contrast to the overall PN landscape.
Tata Sons will leverage its dividend income from TCS for the investment in Tata Digital and is unlikely to dilute any stake in TCS, sources said.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,431.20, Hindustan Unilever has seen a decline of 0.91% in today's session.
Asian Paints is anticipated to deliver a weak performance in the first quarter of FY2026, amid slowing urban consumption and increased competition.
Birla Opus climbed to the third spot in the decorative paints market, emerging as a challenger to Asian Paints, which is now grappling with weak demand and falling profits.
Gold prices saw a second straight month of rallying amid growing market uncertainty.
High gold prices have a damaging impact on jewellery demand and may hamper Titan's near-term growth trajectory.
Stocks to Watch, 11
Apr: Stocks like TARC, Bharti Hexacom, Infosys, Aurobindo Pharma, Bharat Heavy Electricals, Bank of India, Tata Steel, Sanofi India, Punjab National Bank, Axiscades Technologies, JSW Energy, Eternal, Federal Bank, Bajaj Healthcare, SRF, Samvardhana Motherson International, IIFL Finance, and Northern Arc Capital will be in focus on April 11.
The options were granted at the latest available current price prevailing on NSE
With the stock's last traded
price at Rs 417.30, ITC shows a marginal increase in today's session with over 10.6 lakh shares traded.
Analysts however expect the bullish rally to continue, with Bank Nifty hitting further highs.
The market may consolidate further with a negative bias.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
With Indian Oil Corporation's shares trading at Rs 145.20, the stock has shown a positive movement in today's session, influenced by its financial metrics and market sentiment.
Markets turned cautious after US President Donald Trump said his administration would start issuing letters to trading partners detailing tariff rates, as part of the final phase of negotiations.
The rebound after a severe fall can't be ruled out, but the sustainability is key to watch.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Shares of Bharti Airtel were trading at Rs 1,930 in Wednesday's session.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended Accumulate rating on Tata Steel with a target price of Rs 177 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,887.70, Bharti Airtel has seen a decrease of 1.39% in today's session.
With the current price at Rs 5,119.70, Hindustan Aeronautics' stock performance reflects positive market movement, supported by its inclusion in key indices and strong financial metrics.
Overall, the trend continues to favour the bulls, although some consolidation may occur following a two-week rally.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
NTPC CMD Gurdeep Singh Re-Employed for One Year Till July 31, 2026
At 09:20 am, the stock is showing positive movement in the early trading hours.
Net Sales are expected to increase by 16.5 percent Y-o-Y (down 3.4 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 20,423.5 crore, according to Prabhudas Lilladher.
Sensex, Nifty erased early gains and turned lower by noon as geopolitical tensions between Israel and Iran and caution ahead of the US Fe outcome weighed on investor sentiment.
Bank stocks have been in focus recently, with private and PSU bank stocks seeing significant surge and pushing the broader Nifty Bank index to fresh lifetime highs.
Geojit Financial Services is bullish on SBI Life Insurance Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2048 in its research report dated May 19, 2025.
Bharti Airtel Q1 results: Revenue rises 28% to Rs 49,463 crore, ARPU comes at Rs 250
The broader market took a beating, with the BSE Midcap index down nearly 2 percent
and the BSE Smallcap index sliding 3 percent.
Varun Beverages and United Breweries have experienced two consecutive quarters
of similar trends.
Interestingly, Godrej Consumer Products has witnessed a steady decline in foreign ownership for seven straight quarters.
With already slim margins of 5-8% and a heavy dependence on imported raw materials, the sector faces a double whammy of weaker rupee and costlier inputs.
Brokerages remain bullish on ITC despite margin pressures, citing strong cigarette volume growth and improving FMCG performance.
With Sun Pharmaceutical Industries' current price at Rs 1726.60, the stock reflects a positive trend in today's trading session.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Shriram Finance with a target price of Rs 685 in its research report dated April 28, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Tata Steel recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 180 in its research report dated April 10, 2025.
This is the second time Titan and Damas have explored a deal.
A previous round of negotiations held a few years ago, fell through due to differences over valuation.
'The Central Board gave approval for raising funds in INR by issue of Basel III compliant Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 Bonds,' says SBI
Amid rising Middle East tensions, the Indian refiners are currently witnessing 8-9 percent increase in shipping costs while there has been marginal impact on insurance rates, said an executive with an oil refinery on condition of anonymity.
Stocks to Watch, 2
June: Stocks like TVS Motor Company, Eicher Motors, Hero MotoCorp, Maruti Suzuki India, Indian Energy Exchange,Indigo Paints, Manappuram Finance, Tata Motors, Mahindra and Mahindra, Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company, Alembic Pharmaceuticals, IRCON International, Godrej Properties, Titagarh Rail Systems, AstraZeneca Pharma India, Genus Power Infrastructures, and FSN E-Commerce Ventures Nykaa will be in focus on June 2.
SBI Life continued to report improvement in the VNB performance in 1QFY26, aided by a shift in the product mix toward traditional products.
The market may continue to consolidate with a negative bias in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Cipla also allayed concerns that the US government's drug pricing executive order on pharma companies, aimed at lowering cost of prescription medicines, will not impact Indian generic players.
Currently, US
charges nearly zero duty on pharmaceutical imports, while India imposes around 10 percent tax on pharma imports from US.
Domestic pharma companies are fearful of any potential impact due to Trump's reciprocal tariffs.
Ahmedabad plane crash impact: Ixigo and Thomas Cook India shares tumbled nearly 4% each, while Indian Hotels Company shares dropped 3%.
Nifty Metal index gained 1.43 percent intraday, extending its rally for the second consecutive session.
Coal India accounts for over 80 percent of domestic coal production
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Apollo Hospitals recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 8720 in its research report dated July 01, 2025.
The frontline indices are expected to see further consolidation in upcoming sessions before potentially entering a new leg of the uptrend.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
JM Financial kept a 'Buy' call on the stock, but raised its target price to Rs 2,300 apiece
(earlier Rs 2,250 apiece).
As of Thursday afternoon, Moneycontrol analysis suggests a very bearish sentiment surrounding the stock.
Analysts eye margin resilience amid regulatory scrutiny; contributions likely to be seen from its US respiratory portfolio, new product launches, and stable tender revenues in South Africa.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,922.20, Bharti Airtel's performance reflects the current market dynamics and the company's robust financial health.
India’s largest drugmaker plans a $100 million push into US specialty drugs in FY26, even as it braces for regulatory uncertainties and margin pressures.
OPEC+ has agreed to hike oil production by 5.48 lakh barrels per day (bpd) in August.
This is significantly higher than the 4.11 lakh bpd monthly increase in output approved for the months of May, June and July.
Nuvama said that BSE has zero probability of being included in the Nifty 50 in the September 2025 review, no chance of joining Nifty Next 50 either.
'Given the current landscape of heightened volatility and mixed technical signals, traders are advised to adopt a cautious 'sell-on-rise' strategy,' says Hardik Matalia.
Though Rajiv Bajaj was wary of predicting his company's short-term growth, his big, bold assertion was that Bajaj as a company has shown the ability to adapt, to be versatile.
Sensex and Nifty surged in trade on Wednesday, recovering from the sharp losses in the previous session, amid value buying.
The market may extend gains amid likely consolidation.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
India's biggest healthcare player will likely have its new facilities in Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Gurugram, Kolkata and New Delhi up and running in the second half of FY26
Momentum is expected to drive the rally further in the equity markets.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Net interest income (NII) grew marginally by 0.8 percent to Rs 13,560 crore in the quarter under review against Rs 13,448 reported in the year ago period.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Apollo Hospitals Enterprise has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 8350 in its research report dated July 02, 2025.
During the elevated tensions in Middle East, the national oil companies of Saudi Arabia and UAE had assured their Indian state-run peers of uninterrupted supply, said IOC Chairman Arvinder Singh Sahney.
The net profit for the quarter-ending March 2025 stood at Rs 19,709.47 Crore, which is significantly higher compared to the previous quarters
The bearish sentiment is expected to prevail until the frontline indices provide a sustainable close above the medium-term moving average.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
11 of the 13 major sectoral indices traded in the red, with Nifty IT and Nifty Bank bearing the brunt of the selling.
Tech Mahindra and NTPC shares jumped nearly 3 percent each to become the top gainers on the index.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Coal India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 480 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
Shares of ITC were trading down 0.13% in Wednesday's session.
Volatility is likely to remain high, and consolidation is expected to continue until the index closes the bearish gap of April 7.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
ICICI Securities is bullish on NTPC recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 439 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
Sectors linked to domestic consumption - automobiles, FMCG, capital goods, and construction - stood out during the March quarter.
Auto sales volumes surged while FMCG reported rural demand after several weak quarters.
HAL share price: The global brokerage maintained an 'Overweight' rating on HAL shares, with a target price of Rs 6,105 apiece.
Deven Choksey recommended accumulate rating on Sun Pharmaceutical Industries with a target price of Rs 1811 in its research report dated May 28, 2025.
Cipla Appoints BNP &amp;amp; Associates as Secretarial Auditors for Five Years
Sun Pharma bagged eight observations from the US-based regulatory agency US FDA, following an observation at its Halol plant in Gujarat.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,236.80, Tata Consultancy Services shows a slight gain in today's early trading session.
Stocks to Watch, 5
June: Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail, Manappuram Finance, Jindal Saw, Rallis India, Yes Bank, NTPC Green Energy, Diamond Power Infrastructure, Newgen Software Technologies, Indosolar, Gland Pharma, and Hindustan Aeronautics will be in focus on June 5.
Stocks to Watch, 8
Apr: Stocks like IL&amp;FS Engineering and Construction Company, Titagarh Rail Systems, Cyient, Genesys International Corporation, Manappuram Finance, Infonative Solutions, and Spinaroo Commercial will be in focus on April 8.
The market is expected to see more weakness in the upcoming sessions, given the dismal global cues.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
SBI's proposal for a fund raise comes at a time other private sector lenders, including Axis Bank and IDFC First Bank, have sought to raise capital.
Sharekhan is bullish on Axis Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1400 in its research report dated April 24, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty traded lower as investors turned cautious ahead of Fed's policy outcome on May 7 and geopolitical tensions between India and Pakistan.
Coal India May Output Dips 1.4% YoY, Offtake Falls 7.8%
The momentum is expected to sustain in the upcoming session, though some profit booking at higher levels cannot be ruled out.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Hindustan Aeronautics recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5100 in its research report dated April 11, 2025.
The sharp fall in the share prices pushed the Nifty IT index down over 1 percent to hover around 36,948 in the morning, extending losses for the second consecutive session.
HAL Recommends ₹15/Share Final Dividend; Total Payout at ₹2,675 Crore for FY25
With the stock currently priced at Rs 1466.90, Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone has demonstrated a positive trajectory, supported by strong financial metrics and favorable market sentiment.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 1,889.30, Bharti Airtel has seen a slight dip in today's session.
Moneycontrol's sentiment analysis indicates a very bearish outlook for the stock.
With shares of ITC trading at Rs 418.65, the stock reflects a positive shift from the previous close and recent corporate actions.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Bharat Electronics with a target price of Rs 374 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
On June 3, Nifty India Defence index was up 1.6 percent to hover around 8,833, thus bucking the downtrend in the overall market.
Stocks to Watch, Feb 25: Stocks like Welspun Corp, SBI Life Insurance Company, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, NTPC, Waterbase, Shree Cement, Refex Industries, Nazara Technologies, Life Insurance Corporation of India, KEI Industries, Dipna Pharmachem, and Kisan Mouldings will be in focus on February 25.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on UltraTech Cement recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 14,600 in its research report dated July 21, 2025.
The board will also consider the approval of a periodical resource mobilization plan for the issuance of debt securities
The market is expected to remain rangebound in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 151,525, MRF has demonstrated a strong market presence and financial performance.
CLSA believes this complaint reflects the rising competition pressures in the paints industry, which remains competitive with low entry barriers.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Axis Bank with a target price of Rs 1300 in its research report dated April 24, 2025.
Anup Saha, who joined Bajaj Finance in 2017 from ICICI Bank and was elevated to the role of deputy MD recently, may take over the reins of the NBFC from Jain.
Tech Mahindra, Infosys, TCS, and IndusInd Bank were among the gainers on benhcmark indices while the broader market mood remained grim with Axis Bank, Adani Ports, Bajaj Finserv, Power Grid, and NTPC leading the slide.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 8,075.50, Bajaj Auto has experienced a notable downturn amid high trading volumes.
Sensex and Nifty surged on Monday amid sustained foreign fund inflows and a sharp drop in crude oil prices.
According to a Moneycontrol poll of eight brokerages, ITC will report a net profit of Rs 5,000 crore in the June quarter, higher by one percent YoY.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,476.20, Hindustan Unilever shows a slight positive trend in today's trading session.
At a time when global growth has been wobbly, India has emerged as a bright spot, especially in consumption of steel, Secretary Poundrik said.
The domestic consumption - at a per capita of 104 kilogram - is expected to rise significantly to Rs 155-160 kg by 2030, he said.
The Indian conglomerate is ranked 21st worldwide; and becomes the country’s first to top Rs 10 lakh crore in net worth
The market is expected to continue its rangebound trading in the upcoming sessions amid the ongoing Middle East conflict.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Trent shares rose over 5 percent in an otherwise weak market on Tuesday after the company announced crossing 1,000 store count.
Trump said he will impose an additional 10% tariff with no exceptions on any country aligning itself with what he called the 'Anti-American policies of BRICS'. India is a key member of BRICS.
The benchmark indices are likely to surpass their swing high of February in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 939, Bajaj Finance showcases a dynamic financial performance, supported by consistent revenue and profit growth.
For deeper positive retracement, the Nifty 50 needs to close above prior day’s high, until then use pullback to sell for a move to 21,800 levels.
Immediate hurdle is at 22,580 on upside, said Ashish Kyal.
Adani Enterprises share price: The shares of Adani Group's flagship company have gained over 6% in the past six months.
However, the stock has fallen more than 2% in the past five days.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,487.10, Hindustan Unilever has seen some volatility, trading near its day's low after touching a high earlier in the session.
Stocks to Watch, 25
Apr: Stocks like SBI Cards and Payment Services, SBI Life Insurance Company, Aavas Financiers, Tanla Platforms, Nelco, RITES, Power Grid Corporation of India, Wipro, Bannari Amman Spinning Mills, Bharat Heavy Electricals, and Gujarat Industries Power Company will be in focus on April 25.
Higher crude prices squeeze Indian oil refiners as they have largely kept retail fuel prices unchanged in the domestic market
despite volatility in the international market.
Sensex, Nifty extended decline on Friday as weak earnings from Bajaj Finance as well as FII selling weighed on investor sentiments.
Sensex, Nifty crashed on weak global cues and a spike in crude oil prices following Israel’s strikes on Iran.
Continuous FII selling also added to pressure.
Jio Platforms Q4 results: Revenue from operations increased 18% to Rs 33,986 crore
Sharekhan is bullish on Trent has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6781 in its research report dated June 19, 2025.
Adani Ports share price: The company had acquired a majority stake in Israel's Haifa port for a total consideration of $1.18 billion in 2023.
The port is one of Israel’s major seaports.
In its tariff proposal, the Adani Enterprises arm proposed hike in UDF from Rs 187 to Rs 650 per passenger for international flights
The company plans to increase its bed capacity by 30 percent in the next three years and enter new markets, the report said
Sharekhan is bullish on UltraTech Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,000 in its research report dated March 03, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 9
Apr: Stocks like Shyam Metalics and Energy, Swan Defence and Heavy Industries, Vodafone Idea, NTPC, Karnataka Bank, PNB Housing Finance, Hindustan Aeronautics, Stallion India Fluorochemicals, Route Mobile, GAIL India, NTPC Green Energy, and Sonata Software will be in focus on April 9.
While Tech Mahindra's earnings show for the quarter were mixed, the deal wins and pipeline are strong, according to brokerages.
Deal wins have increased by 44% on a last twelve months basis, says TechM CEO Mohit Joshi
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,931.40, Bharti Airtel is demonstrating positive momentum in today's session.
With the stock closing at Rs 1,909.20, Bharti Airtel has demonstrated a positive session, with intraday prices ranging from Rs 1,892.60 to Rs 1,919.90.
The restructuring is expected to contribute an estimated Euro 180 million toward Tata Steel Nederland's targetted cost savings of Euro 500 million by FY26.
The market may turn positive amid rangebound trading.
Below are some short-term trading
ideas to consider.
Metal stocks: The rise in the US currency came after US inflation data for the month of June hinted at pressures from President Donald Trump's harsh tariffs, which in turn led to lower bets for Federal Reserve's rate cut.
UltraTech Cement Q4 results: Revenue rises 13% to Rs 23,063 crore.
The Aditya Birla Group company declared dividend of Rs 77.5 per share
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on SBI Life has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1950 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 10
July: Stocks like Tata Consultancy Services, Cryogenic OGS, Embassy Office Parks REIT, Indosolar, Enviro Infra Engineers, Emcure Pharmaceuticals, HCL Technologies, and Crizac will be in focus on July 10.
Stocks to Watch, Feb 28: Stocks like Schaeffler India, GE Power India, Coal India, Servotech Renewable Power System, Chemplast Sanmar, Rail Vikas Nigam, Life Insurance Corporation of India, InterGlobe Aviation, SpiceJet, Orient Technologies, Kisan Mouldings, HP Telecom India, and Swasth Foodtech India will be in focus on February 28.
Coal India is allocated coal mines without having to bid for them, hence, according to the brokerage, the PSU is fulfilling the government's mandate of supplying coal to the nation.
Adani Ports share price: Brokerages see up to 33% upside potential to the stock.
Stocks to Watch, 24
July: Stccks like Infosys, Dr Reddys Laboratories, Tata Consumer Products, Cigniti Technologies, Force Motors, Natco Pharma, IndusInd Bank, BEML, and Tilaknagar Industries will be in focus on July 24.
India’s top 10 most valuable brands collectively showed a remarkable double-digit growth in value, according to the latest ranking by Brand Finance.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,542.40, Hindustan Unilever has shown a marginal gain in today's session.
The rise in the defence shares also comes amid an overall uptrend in the market, with benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty snapping a three-day losing streak
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1700.30, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has shown a positive movement reflecting a 2.03% price increase.
Stocks to Watch, 08 May: Stocks like Tata Chemicals, Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers, Sonata Software, Satin Creditcare Network, Somany Ceramics, Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company, Kfin Technologies, Astral, Mahindra and Mahindra, Suven Pharmaceuticals, and Vodafone Idea will be in focus on May 8.
Asian Paints is anticipated to deliver a weak performance in the fourth quarter of FY2025, amid slowing urban consumption and increased competition.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Trent recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 7350 in its research report dated February 06, 2025.
Tata Consultancy Services' muted outlook and commentary on cautious client spending have raised concerns for the broader IT sector’s near-term prospects.
The most optimistic of the estimates, by Equirus, sees net profit increase by an annualised 18 percent
to Rs 6,012 crore.
Elara Capital is the most conservative, estimating net profit growth at just 6 percent.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 884.40, Bajaj Finance has seen a marginal decline from the previous close in today's session.
LKP Research recommended Neutral rating on Bajaj Auto with a target price of Rs 9151 in its research report dated June 02, 2025.
Choice Equity Broking recommended hold rating on TATA Elxsi with a target price of Rs 4900 in its research report dated April 01, 2025.
Reliance Power share price: Over 51.5 crore shares were involved in active trade today.
This marks a whopping 245% jump from the volumes seen by the stock just a day before, according to data on NSE.
Sanlam is South Africa’s largest asset manager with $80 billion in AUM, and has been in partnership with the Shriram Group over two decades, underscoring India’s rapidly growing asset management industry
Stocks to Watch, 3
Apr: Stocks like South Indian Bank, ESAF Small Finance Bank, Hindustan Zinc, Punjab &amp; Sind Bank, Central Bank of India, Elpro International, Authum Investment &amp; Infrastructure, Reliance Industries, Caplin Point Laboratories, Hindustan Copper, Fortis Healthcare, and Identixweb will be in focus on April 3.
Stocks to watch, 16
May: Stocks like Onesource Specialty Pharma,One 97 Communications Paytm,Industrial Investment Trust, Alkem Laboratories, Bajaj Auto, Godfrey Phillips India, Endurance Technologies, Bikaji Foods International,Godrej Industries, Bharti Airtel, Infosys, JSW Energy, LIC Housing Finance, and Allied Blenders and Distillers will be in focus on May 16.
CLSA recently said that the entry of Elon Musk-led Tesla won't significantly impact the already existing automakers in the domestic market; Jefferies sees up to 53% potential upside for M&amp;M stock
Sharekhan is bullish on Coal India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 450 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
State-owned HAL's quarterly revenue fell 7.2% to Rs 13,700 crore for the March quarter
Stocks to Watch Today, 28
July: Stocks like Kotak Mahindra Bank, Central Depository Services, Balkrishna Industries, Orient Cement, Tata Chemicals, Poonawalla Fincorp, VA Tech Wabag, RITES, Sigachi Industries, and Ola Electric Mobility will be in focus on July 28.
Sensex, Nifty rose by over half a percent, tracking positive cues from Asian markets following the announcement of a trade agreement between the United States and Japan.
On a year-on-year basis, the company added 897 employees.
Total headcount for Q1FY26 stood at 1,48,517.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Tech Mahindra recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2000 in its research report dated July 16, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 21
May: Stocks like Gland Pharma, Dixon Technologies, KPR Mills, IRCON International, Nazara Technologies, Edelweiss Financial Services, Protean eGov Technologies, Axiscades Technologies, Accretion Pharmaceuticals, NHPC, United Spirits, Aster DM Healthcare, and Gujarat State Fertilizers &amp; Chemicals will be in focus on May 21.
The momentum is likely to sustain amid possible range-bound trading.
Below are some trading
ideas for the near term.
Stocks to Watch, 26
May: Stocks like Finolex Industries, HBL Engineering, Lux Industries, One 97 Communications Paytm, Eternal, Zydus Lifesciences, NIBE, Havells India, Cartrade Tech, Gravita India, Interarch Building Solutions, Lloyds Engineering Works, Ramco Cements, Pondy Oxides &amp; Chemicals, and Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers &amp; Chemicals will be in focus on May 26.
RBI has reduced its policy repo rate by 50 basis points to 5.5 percent, and has changed its stance to 'neutral' from 'accommodative'.
Sri Lanka's Cabinet approved the establishment of two solar power plants in Sampur, Trincomalee with the company, a cabinet spokesperson was quoted as saying.
Bharti Airtel’s stock was trading at Rs 1,899 at 9:20 am on the NSE, reflecting investor confidence in the company.
LKP Research is bullish on Axis Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1395 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
Asian Paints Q1 results: Revenue falls marginally to Rs 8,939 crore
The deal, which eliminates tariffs on most finished pharmaceutical products and medical devices, is expected to boost India’s exports to the UK valued at over $914 million grew 18% year-on-year (YoY) in FY24
. Imports from UK stood at $430.15 million with a YoY growth of 13%, according Exim data.
The market may consolidate further and take cues from the RBI policy for further direction.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
IndusInd Bank's former CEO Sumant Kathpalia resigned in late April, taking moral responsibility for the discrepancies found in the lender’s derivatives portfolio.
Any sustainable move above the zone of 23,900-23,940 will lead to a sharp upside rally in the Nifty 50 upto the level of 24,200, followed by 24,500 in the short term, said Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities.
The sharp rise in share prices pushed the Nifty IT index up nearly a percent to emerge as the top sectoral gainer on May 29.
With key U.S. non-farm payrolls report due later today, traders chose to lock in gains amid uncertainty over the global outlook.
HAL Appoints Ajay Kumar Shrivastava as Director (Engineering &amp;amp; R&amp;amp;D)
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,413.40, Hindustan Unilever has shown a decrease from the previous close, reflecting the dynamics of today's trading session on the Nifty 50.
The oil marketing company (OMC) is currently in the process of acquiring land for the proposed POL terminal, and expects the operationalisation in the next five years.
Tata Consultancy Services has announced several dividends.
Key recent dividend announcements include an interim dividend of Rs 11.00 per share announced on June 27, 2025, with an effective date of July 16, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,570.20, Tech Mahindra experiences price fall by 2 percentage.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 375.05, Coal India reflects a slight downturn amid high trading activity.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 419.20, ITC has shown positive movement in today's session.
HDFC Bank's Rahul Shukla and Bajaj Finance's Anup Saha are also likely to be running for the role, CNBC-TV18 reported.
The company is looking at Iraq, Oman, some other Middle East countries, Southeast Asia and Africa, MD Suneeta Reddy has said
Nifty 50 and Sensex rallied over one percent each in trade on June 20, snapping a three-session losing streak as optimism returned to Dalal Street.
With this strong bounce back, the overall trend remains healthy, despite the potential for continued consolidation.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 12: Stocks like Sandur Manganese and Iron Ores, Zota Health Care, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency, TVS Motor Company, Hexaware Technologies, Adani Green Energy, NTPC Green Energy, OnMobile Global, KPI Green Energy, and Tamilnad Mercantile Bank willl be in focus on March 12.
Stocks To Watch, Mar 3: Stocks like Foseco India, Rana Sugars, Maruti Suzuki India, Hyundai Motor India, Eicher Motors, Escorts Kubota, SML Isuzu, Atul Auto, VST Tillers, Dr Agarwals Health Care, Bajaj Auto, Indian Overseas Bank, Voltas, Mankind Pharma, Ujjivan Small Finance Bank, Dalmia Bharat, and Tata Communications will be in focus on March 3.
With the stock's current price at Rs 419.95, ITC shows a marginal gain in today's early trading session.
Shares of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation are currently trading lower at Rs 235.66, a decrease of 2.22% in today's session.
Bajaj Auto Q4 results: Revenue jumps 6% to Rs 12,148 crore
Perplexity, which seeks to disrupt Google’s flagship search engine, has seen growing adoption of its service in India in recent years
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,520.70, Hindustan Unilever shows a slight gain compared to its previous close.
With the shares of Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone currently trading at Rs 1465.80, the stock's performance reflects a positive trend and growing investor confidence.
ICICI Securities is bullish on UltraTech Cement recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,992 in its research report dated April 29, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,896.60, Bharti Airtel has demonstrated recent volatility, in today's session.
Citi decided to reaffirm its ‘buy’ rating on Reliance Industries, citing strong growth potential in Jio, driven by structural levers beyond the anticipated tariff hikes.
Net Interest Income (NII) is expected to increase by 2.8 percent Y-o-Y (up 0.1 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 13,829.8 crore, according to Prabhudas Lilladher.
Sensex, Nifty declined on Friday as investors turned cautious ahead of the release of India’s GDP data for the March quarter along with provisional figures for the full financial year.
Deven Choksey recommended accumulate rating on SBI Life Insurance Company with a target price of Rs 1975 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Shares of ITC were trading at Rs 416.45 on the NSE.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,933.30, Bharti Airtel has shown positive movement and is among the top gainers on the Nifty 50 index during today's trading session.
Morgan Stanley has an over-weight rating on Grasim Industries and UltraTech Cements, with both the players likely to see strong growth over the next few quarters.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bearish on Tata Elxsi has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4750 in its research report dated July 11, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Titan Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3752 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 419.80, ITC is showing marginal positive movement in today's trading session.
Bharti Airtel is among the top losers on the Nifty 50 as of 10:10 am.
With Coal India achieving only 83 percent of its annual production target by February, investors remain cautious about the company falling short of its FY25 goal by year-end.
Elcid Investments took the title of India's priciest stock away from MRF on October 29, 2024, after a special price discovery session conducted by the BSE.
ONGC share
price: CLSA maintained a 'High Conviction Outperform' call for the stock, with a target price
of Rs 360 per share.
This implies an upside potential of nearly 47.5 percent from the stock's current market price.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 12,324, UltraTech Cement reflects a 2.01% decrease in today's session compared to its previous close.
The Japanese financial conglomerate had begun talks to buy some stake in the company back in 2024, Moneycontrol had earlier reported.
It is now back in fray to acquire controlling stake in the bank.
The Nifty 50 and Sensex extended their gains from the morning session into afternoon trade, as bulls run amok on Dalal Street, lifting both indices over one percent each.
The Nifty PSU Bank index
it the top sectoral gainer, dodging an overall muted market sentiment to extend gains for a second consecutive session, outperforming the broader Nifty Bank index.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 420.05, ITC has seen a gain of 0.86% from its previous close in today's session.
US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent on May 29 said that US-China tariff talks are a 'bit stalled' and a deal will be concluded possibly after the direct involvement of Donald Trump and Xi Jinping.
ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank shares are down 3% each, contributing the most to the decline on Nifty Bank index.
The market is expected to continue rangebound trading until the index decisively surpasses and sustains above the high of the month of May.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
A notification on July 16 said the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has okayed ministry of power’s proposal to extend Singh’s tenure as CMD of the state-run company
Stocks to Watch, 15
May: Stocks like Wendt India, Infosys, Hindustan Unilever, Brigade Enterprises, Genesys International Corporation, Wipro, Shilpa Medicare, Kirloskar Brothers, State Bank of India, Yes Bank, Gensol Engineering, Allcargo Logistics, Edelweiss Financial Services, Max Healthcare Institute, Navin Fluorine International, and Waaree Energies will be in focus on May 15.
Bulls appear to be in healthy momentum and may continue driving the market rally further.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Cipla has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1730 in its research report dated April 11, 2025.
Trent posted a revenue of Rs 5,061 crore in Q1 of FY2026, 20 percent higher YoY from Rs 4,228 crore reported in Q1 of FY2025.
CLSA reported a better-than-expected Q3 earnings season, with 30 percent of companies beating estimates and 46 percent missing.
Brokerages were bullish on Bharti Airtel's strong ARPU (average revenue per user) growth for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.
ITC has given bonus issues in the past.
The most recent was announced on May 20, 2016, with a bonus ratio of 1:2 and an ex-bonus date of July 1, 2016.
Investor wealth rose by Rs 3.72 lakh crore on May 2; Adani Ports, Maruti Suzuki, IndusInd Bank among top Nifty gainers
Nifty Auto index is up over a percent to emerge as the top sectoral gainer, hopeful of export relief after Trump delays EU tariff deadline, and monsoon trend suggests a robust domestic rural demand ahead.
UltraTech, after receiving approvals from the National Company Law Tribunal, took control of India Cements in late-December 2024, marking Q4 as the first full quarter of the latter being a subsidiary of the Aditya Birla Group firm
India saw sharp surge in ECBs during March, with private sector companies raising a record $11 billion.
Of the total, $8.3 billion
was routed through the automatic channel, while $2.7 billion
came via the approval route.
From a technical perspective, Nifty continues to trade well above its key short and long-term moving averages, which further reinforces the bullish bias.
Interestingly, the daily RSI has recently taken support near 60 mark and thereafter witnessed a rebound, which is a bullish sign as per RSI range shift rules, said Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities.
HDFC Bank share price:  Chandan Taparia from Motilal Oswal expects Bank Nifty cross 58,000 over next 2-3 weeks.
Shares of Bajaj Finance and Bajaj Finserv fell around six percent, emerging as the top Nifty 50 losers despite reporting double-digit profit growth for Q4.
The consumer loan provider has sought the Reserve Bank of India’s approval to set up a primary dealership, for which it plans to launch a separate entity
Total revenue from operations rose 3.9 percent to Rs 6,957 crore in the period under review as compared with Rs 6,694 crore a year ago.
China has unveiled a special action plan to boost domestic spending by increasing residents' income.
Additionally, uncertainties around Trump tariffs continue to persist.
The market is expected to see further weakness if it decisively breaks the previous day's low.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Adani Ports and SEZ recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1550 in its research report dated May 01, 2025.
IT stocks: The Nifty IT index closed in the green in nine out of the last 10 sessions, dodging the overall volatility in the market.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bajaj Finance has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1000 in its research report dated July 28, 2025.
Sharekhan is bullish on Hindustan Unilever has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2832 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
According to a Moneycontrol analysis as of July 7, 2025, the sentiment for Bharat Electronics is very bullish.
The market needs to reclaim and sustain above the 20-day EMA to witness a further northward journey in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
MRF AGM to be held on August 7, 2025; Annual Report Web-link Provided
Sensex, Nifty declined as the investor mood turned cautious after Axis Bank posted disappointing June quarter results, with selling pressure seen across financials.
Shares of Ambuja Cements were trading 2% higher at Rs 485 apiece a day after CCI allowed it to acquire up to 72.8% stake in Orient Cement
Hindustan Aeronautics said it sees FY26 revenue growth in the range of 8-10%, and has projected a double-digit revenue growth, possibly from this fiscal or the next one.
Stocks to watch, 1
July: Stocks like CG Power and Industrial Solutions, Kalpataru Projects International, KSB, NCC, Bharat Electronics, HCL Technologies, Hindustan Copper, Kalpataru, Globe Civil Projects, and Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases will be in focus on July 1.
ICICI Securities recommended reduce rating on Tech Mahindra with a target price of Rs 1250 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Axis Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1470 in its research report dated June 23, 2025.
Coal India Shares: Brokerages are more optimistic that Coal India’s other subsidiaries too can levy charges/take price hikes when costs increase.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,445.90, Hindustan Unilever has seen marginal movement in today's session.
The stock's last traded price was Rs 3,239.10 in Wednesday's session.
While stocks and sectors across the board have come under selling pressure, certain sectors – oil marketing companies, aviation, paints, tyres, automobiles, chemicals, and fertilizers among others – are likely to see a higher impact due to a higher correlation with oil prices.
Axis Bank shares fell over four percent despite reporting an estimate-beating net profit of Rs 7,118 crore for the quarter ended March FY2025.
The sustainability of Friday's gains is the key factor to watch in the upcoming sessions, as the Iran-Israel conflict and global cues could lead to volatility and consolidation in near term.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Sharekhan is bullish on Tech Mahindra has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1650 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
Bharat Electronics shares touched a fresh 52-week high following new order announcements, while Nifty Defence rose over 1% in intraday trade and has gained more than 3% over the past four sessions.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,055.40, Tata Consultancy Services shows a marginal gain in today's session.
The recent global tariff changes have added uncertainty to markets, but India is being seen as better-positioned, with money managers pointing at sectors like banking, pharma, and energy as attractive bets.
Sharekhan is bullish on UltraTech Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,647 in its research report dated April 29, 2025.
With the current price at Rs 1,536.10, Tech Mahindra's shares reflect a mix of investor activity amidst recent financial performance data.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,934.20, Bharti Airtel has shown a steady performance on the Nifty 50.
Bajaj Finance Q4 results: Revenue rises 17% to Rs 18,457 crore; provisions up 78%
According to Moneycontrol's poll, IndusInd Bank's profit is pegged at Rs 559 crore in Q1FY26 as compared to Rs 724 crore in the year-ago period
Stocks to watch, 30
Apr: Stocks like Bajaj Finserv, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Jana Small Finance Bank, UTI Asset Management Company, Star Health, Ceat, Shoppers Stop, CIE Automotive India, Praj Industries, Indostar Capital Finance, Fedbank Financial Services, and State Bank of India will be in focus on April 30.
The market is expected to witness a healthy rally in the upcoming session after Trump announced a 90-day pause on tariffs for all countries except China (which remains subject to a 145% tariff rate), though uncertainties persist.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on IOCL recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 165 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Adani Port and SEZ has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1777 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
The investment is not just in chips, but also in new data centres, networking infrastructure, and energy systems to support growing demand.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Cipla has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1800 in its research report dated July 26, 2025.
Pantoon Services will now coordinate with more than two dozen of vendors, ensuring they do not have direct contact with the IT company's resource management group, Mint reported.
Stocks to Watch, 2 July: Stocks like HDB Financial Services, Hero MotoCorp, Sambhv Steel Tubes, Lupin, JSW Energy, Asian Paints, RITES, Paras Defence and Space Technologies, Maruti Suzuki India, and Hyundai Motor India will be in focus on July 2
TCS plans to cut 12,000 jobs in FY26, but brokerages warn of execution risks and prefer Infosys and HCL Technologies over the IT major.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Axis Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1375 in its research report dated July 18, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended Accumulate rating on Hindustan Unilever with a target price of Rs 2686 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,893.60, Bharti Airtel has experienced a decrease of 1.88% during today's session.
Stocks to watch, 16
June: Gujarat Themis Biosyn, Godrej Properties, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Belrise Industries, Syngene International, Natco Pharma, Vedanta, ITC, Eicher Motors, South Indian Bank, NTPC, Nazara Technologies, Scoda Tubes, Shalby, Jubilant Pharmova, Jubilant Foodworks, and Jubilant Ingrevia will be in focus on June 16.
Asian Paints is expecting single-digit volume and value growth in the near-term amid a muted demand environment.
Hindustan Unilever will report its results for the quarter ended June on July 31, 2025.
Revenue and profit growth is likely to be muted.
According to Moneycontrol's Analyst Call Tracker, 'buy' calls for the stock increased from 22 last month to 25 in February, while 'hold' calls dropped to two from three.
Meanwhile, the 'sell' rating declined to just one from the previous three.
The company's board has declared a final dividend of Rs 5.50 per share for the FY25, while 7th July 2025 is fixed as the record date.
Choice Equity Broking is bullish on Ultratech Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 15,210 in its research report dated April 29, 2025.
Defence stocks: The stocks had recently seen significant profit booking at elevated levels, after an earlier rally triggered by Operation Sindoor and escalations in the Russia-Ukraine war cooled down.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Titan Company recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4000 in its research report dated February 05, 2025.
The ongoing equity rally in India has been led far more by largecaps, said Rajiv Jain, where valuations appear supportive.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bajaj Finserv has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2350 in its research report dated March 18, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 410, ITC is currently trading lower compared to its day high of Rs 415.85.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,491.90, Hindustan Unilever reflects slight bearish sentiment in today's session on the NSE.
Reddy expects Apollo's core hospital services segment, which constitutes a little over half of the group’s revenue, to grow &quot;mid-teens&quot; in the next few years as new capacity comes online.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 423.05, ITC has shown a marginal increase from its previous close.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Apollo Hospitals Enterprise has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 8100 in its research report dated Jun 01, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,902.60, Bharti Airtel has seen a decrease of 1.82% from the previous close in today's session.
Textile, leather, mid‑cap IT, pharma and premium auto sectors poised for gains—markets optimistic if corporates deliver.
The stock is currently trading at Rs 3,030, with a traded volume of over 3.8 lakh shares on the NSE.
Moneycontrol's analysis on July 8, 2025, indicated a bearish sentiment on the stock.
Bajaj Finance share price: The blue-chip stock delivered over 35% year-to-date returns in 2025 so far and added over Rs 1.5 lakh crore to investor wealth
Crude prices sank over seven percent overnight as U.S. President Donald Trump announced a likely ceasefire between Israel and Iran.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,555.50, Hindustan Unilever is currently trading near its day's high.
The Adani Group said 84 percent of group EBITDA and 88 percent of investments in core businesses is providing 'multi-decadal' visibility in terms of cash flow.
Of the total EBITDA, 42 percent came from Adani Enterprises and Adani Ports and SEZ.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Apollo Hospitals recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 8050 in its research report dated May 31, 2025.
The increase in trading volume, coupled with a price rise of 1.22% to Rs 1,562.70, underscores the stock's current market activity.
Geojit Financial Services is bullish on Bharat Electronics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 441 in its research report dated June 03, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded, as easing crude oil prices and stable global cues helped lift investor sentiment.
Emkay Global Financial recommended reduce rating on Tech Mahindra with a target price of Rs 1600 in its research report dated July 17, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 30
July: Stocks like Indiqube Spaces, GNG Electronics, Dilip Buildcon, GMR Airports, Ask Automotive, GE Vernova T&amp;D India, International Gemmological Institute India, Bank of India, and Larsen &amp; Toubro will be in focus on July 30.
With the stock trading at Rs 1,925.80, Bharti Airtel experiences slight decline amidst bearish investor sentiment.
Stocks to Watch, 11
July: Stocks like Tata Consultancy Services, Tata Elxsi, Anand Rathi Wealth, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency IREDA, Hindustan Unilever, Glenmark Pharma, Aegis Logistics, and Meta Infotech will be in focus on July 11.
DAC’s largest fast-track authorisation in years could lift orders for key defence firms, but valuations remain rich
Axis Bank Revises Vesting Period for Employee Stock Options
Consolidation is expected to continue in the upcoming sessions, with resistance and support at last week's high-low. Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Tata Consultancy Services stock traded at Rs 3,193.10, experiencing a marginal decline during today's session.
Stocks to Watch, 1
Apr: Stocks like Varun Beverages, Vedanta, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, Federal Bank, Brigade Enterprises, Astec LifeSciences, Bajaj Electricals, Mankind Pharma, ITD Cementation India, ACC, Power Grid Corporation of India, DCM Shriram, Sheela Foam, and Dalmia Bharat will be in focus on April 1.
Net Sales are expected to decrease by 1.8 percent Y-o-Y (up 7.4 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 57,610 crore, according to PL Capital.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 5,890, Tata Elxsi is experiencing a significant downturn in today's session.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 7,598.50, Apollo Hospitals Enterprise showcases robust financial health and positive investor sentiment, marking a new milestone in its market performance.
Apollo Hospitals' efforts to ramp-up occupancy levels and average revenue per occupied bed is expected to drive solid earnings growth in Q3, which usually remains a seasonally weak quarter for hospital majors.
NTPC Share Price: Brokerages suggested that NTPC's capacity ramp-up, along with medium-term double-digit EPS CAGR remain the key drivers for re-rating.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,046.30, Tata Consultancy Services reflects the market's reaction amid recent trading activity.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,525.40, Hindustan Unilever demonstrates stable performance in today's session.
Apollo Hospitals Board to Consider Q1 FY26 Results on August 12, 2025
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Titan Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3830 in its research report dated July 27, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Axis Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1400 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
IT companies derive major portions of their revenue from the American market.
The easing trade tensions between US and China are expected to boost the share prices.
With the stock currently trading near Rs 12,568, UltraTech Cement showcases strong market presence and investor confidence.
Reliance Industries had a strong performance for the full financial year 2024-25 with record consolidated revenue at Rs 10.71 lakh crore, growing 7.1 percent YoY as well as record EBITDA at Rs 1.83 lakh crore, up 2.9 percent over the previous fiscal.
Centre is hopeful that the mandate will boost demand for Indian solar cells and hence, reduce the wide gap between solar module and cells manufacturing capacities.
Tata Power, Adani Green Energy and Waaree Energies are the leading solar cell producers in India.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,898.50, Bharti Airtel has shown positive movement in today's session.
Shares of Adani Enterprises, which operates the Ahmedabad airport, also declined nearly 1 percent after the plane crash.
The Nifty Defence index has ended in the green in 10 out of the past 11 sessions, and the m-cap of the index has jumped by Rs 48,700 crore since May 21.
Shares of Tata Consultancy Services were trading at Rs 3,010.30 in Monday's session.
According to a Moneycontrol poll of six brokerages, BEL's revenue is expected to rise 10% YoY in Q1FY26 to Rs 4,244 crore
but may see a 53% sequential fall.
They see net profit growing 15% YoY to Rs 925 crore.
Stocks to watch, 16
July: Stocks like HDFC Life Insurance Company, HDB Financial Services, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, Just Dial, Dixon Technologies, Zydus Lifesciences, Biocon, Jindal Steel &amp; Power, Asston Pharmaceuticals, and Ashok Leyland will be in focus on July 16.
After the RBI's Monetary Policy Committee reduced the repo rate by 50 bps to 5.5 percent, Moneycontrol collated a list of top 14 rate-sensitive stocks from experts with a shorter term investment perspective.
Pharma stocks: The Nifty Pharma index plunged nearly 2% to close as the top sectoral loser after Trump's statement.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 877.55, Bajaj Finance has seen a change in last 1 hour.
Speaking to Moneycontrol for its &quot;Latha &amp; the Leaders&quot; series, Rajiv Bajaj asserted confidently that &quot;Bajaj will adapt&quot; as he addressed a range of key issues during the interview.
Stocks to Watch, 09 May: Stocks like Dilip Buildcon, Multi Commodity Exchange of India, Biocon, IIFL Finance, Pidilite Industries, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, Zee Entertainment Enterprises, Jindal Stainless, REC, Kalyan Jewellers India, Venus Pipes and Tubes, Lupin, and Bharat Petroleum Corporation will be in focus on May 9.
Hindustan Unilever is set to announce its quarterly results on July 31.
Motilal Oswal said that several PSU sectors have posted a very sharp turnaround in profit and creating unexpected shareholder value.
Stocks to Watch, 26
June: Stocks like One Mobikwik Systems, Western Carriers India, PB Fintech, Texmaco Rail and Engineering, Om Infra, JSW Energy, and SMS Pharmaceuticals will be in focus on June 26.
The QIP has received bids for Rs 75,000 crore
worth of shares, as against its offer size of Rs 25,000 crore.
Trent shares trading at Rs 5,122.00 showing a positive move in Friday's session.
Wipro chairman Rishad Premji said although the environment has not deteriorated further, neither has it improved, while CEO Srinivas Pallia said clients continue to prioritise productivity initiatives and some discretionary projects have started to reappear.
Sensex, Nifty declined amid caution ahead of the Q1 earnings season, set to begin today with TCS results.
India-US trade deal jitters also weighed on investor sentiment.
CLSA said that overall motorcycle volumes increased 5 percent on-year so far in FY25, but the entry-level segment saw a decline of nearly 11 percent, and premium segment rose 8 percent on-year.
IT stocks continue to see strong selling pressure amid concerns surrounding US' slowing economy.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1875 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
Vedanta share price: The US-headquartered short seller took a short position of VRL’s debt, calling it a 'parasite holding company'.
Tata Steel's revenue fell 4.2 percent to Rs 56,218.11 crore in the March quarter compared to Rs 58,687.31 crore in the year-ago period.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 905.05, Bajaj Finance is trading with a negative bias in Monday's early session.
Oil &amp; Gas Stocks: Oil India shares jumped nearly 3% after Avendus Spark initiated a 'Buy' call, with a target price
of Rs 630 per share.
This implies a strong upside potential of over 44% from previous closing price.
Crude sensitive stocks: Brent crude oil futures shot up over 9 percent to hit a multi-month high of around $75.61 per barrel.
WTI Crude Oil Futures also gained over 9 percent to hover around $74.39 per barrel
Titan currently holds about 7 percent market share in India’s jewellery industry, said Macquarie, which has grown at a 13 percent CAGR over the past 15 years.
Shares of Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone were trading at Rs 1,374.50 in Monday's session.
IT stocks: The Nifty IT index dropped over 1.3%, snapping a six-day gaining streak.
It is currently the top loser among all the sectoral indices on NSE.
Shares gained after RIL posted better-than-expected quarterly earnings, driven by strong growth in digital, retail, and oil-to-chemicals businesses.
The market is likely to maintain a positive bias in the upcoming session.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Choice Equity Broking is bullish on Bharat Electronics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 500 in its research report dated June 25, 2025.
Sensex rose over 193 points (0.23 percent) to close at 83,433. Nifty meanwhile gained around 56 points (0.22 percent) to end the session at 25,461.
India runs the risk of dumping of steel products into the country after the US tariff imposition, along with concerns over the impact of tariffs on global demand.
When asked about the layoffs at TCS, Salil Parekh said that Infosys will continue with its hiring plans.
Net Sales are expected to increase by 1.8 percent Y-o-Y (up 2.3 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs 6,848.5 crore, according to ICICI Securities.
Emkay Global said that this development could raise some concerns regarding the management succession plan at Bajaj Finance.
As of March-end, Shriram Finance’s assets under management (AUM) increased by 17% year-on-year and stood at 2.63 trillion rupees ($30.96 billion).
Geojit Financial Services is bullish on Trent has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5800 in its research report dated March 05, 2025.
The consolidation is expected to continue until the frontline indices decisively surpass their recent swing highs.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Adani Ports Q1 results: Revenue rises 31% to Rs 9,126 crore; Gautam Adani exits key managerial role
As defence stocks come into focus, Moneycontrol breaks down all you need to know about leading domestic manufacturers riding on the Make-in-India push.
HAL Appoints Manisha Chandra as Government Nominee Director
Stocks to Watch, 7
July: Stocks like IndusInd Bank, Bank of India, Godrej Consumer Products, Dabur India, Senco Gold, Rail Vikas Nigam, Hazoor Multi Projects, BEML, Mahindra Lifespace Developers, Shilpa Medicare, and Tata Steel will be in focus on July 7.
APL Apollo Tubes was the top loser on the midcap index, dropping more than 7%. Axis Securities cut its target price for the stock after Q1 revenue missed estimate.
ITC shares were trading at Rs 421.25 on the NSE, a decline of 0.64% from the previous close, as of 1:20 pm Friday.
The momentum is expected to continue in the upcoming session.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,058.90, Tata Consultancy Services demonstrates slight positive movement in today's early trading session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,431.10, Hindustan Unilever has shown a slight decrease from its previous close.
The market is expected to remain in positive terrain despite intermittent consolidation.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,450.90, Hindustan Unilever is currently trading lower in today's session.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,268.10, Tata Consultancy Services is currently facing bearish sentiment in Friday's trading session.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Trent recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6900 in its research report dated April 29, 2025.
Junior-level churn falls across lenders and private banks saw some breather in pace of attrition in FY25, lowest since FY22
Shares of ITC were trading at Rs 417.10 on the NSE in Tuesday's session.
Stocks to Watch, 25
July: Stocks like Sun Pharma, eClerx Services, Indian Energy Exchange, Anant Raj, REC, Aether Industries, Larsen &amp; Toubro, Torrent Power, Enviro Infra Engineers, GR Infraprojects, and Adani Enterprises will be in focus on July 25.
Shares of Hindustan Unilever were trading higher at Rs 2,630.00 on Friday, marking a 4.32% increase from the previous close.
Trent Q1 results: Revenue rises 20% to Rs 4,781 crore
During FY25, NTPC Green Energy limited incurred a consolidated capex of Rs.12,914 crores, substantially higher than the Rs.8,996 crores spent in the previous year.
With the stock's current trading price at Rs 2,456.90, Hindustan Unilever has seen a slight decrease from its day high of Rs 2,487.
In summary, Hindustan Unilever's shares saw a decrease, with a traded volume of over 8.5 lakh shares on the NSE.
The company has demonstrated consistent financial performance with steady revenue and profit growth over the past few years.
The company has also announced the closure of the trading window for its designated persons from Tuesday, June 24, 2025, to Sunday, July 27, 2025, both days inclusive,
While the stock is currently trading lower, Bharat Electronics' strong financial performance and key position in the NIFTY 50 STOCKS index highlight its significance in the Indian stock market.
Asit C Mehta is bullish on Axis Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1425 in its research report dated April 25 2025.
Q4 results impact: Indus Towers shares tumbled strongly by over 7 percent to close at Rs 378.60 apiece, while Jindal Saw ended the session nearly 2 percent lower at Rs 243.50 apiece.
Shares of Tata Consultancy Services were trading at Rs 3,242.80, a decrease of 0.71% in Monday's session.
UBS sees structural cost savings, price stabilization, and sector consolidation driving a strong rebound for cement players, such as ACC, Ambuja Cement and Dalmia Bharat in FY26.
With a current price of Rs 5542.00, Trent's stock performance reflects a mix of quarterly financial results and positive market sentiment.
Canara Bank reported a 22% jump in Q1 net profit to Rs 4,752 crore.
Indian Bank's net profit grew 24% on-year.
According to a Moneycontrol analysis as of July 8, 2025, investor sentiment leans towards the bearish side.
The funds are being mobilised across a mix of instruments, including non-convertible debentures, equity infusions and project-level refinancing
The consolidation and rangebound trading may continue until the frontline indices decisively surpass the recent swing high.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
InCred Equities' bull-case scenario puts Nifty 50 at 26,123, while in the bear-case scenario sees the index at 21,029 by March 2026.
The market may extend the upward move amid consolidation, but sustainability will be key to watch.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Tata Elxsi’s financial ratios indicate a P/E ratio of 41.38 and a P/B ratio of 11.36 as of March 2025.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bajaj Finance has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 980 in its research report dated May 03, 2025.
Continued global economic uncertainties as well as pressures from Chinese exports created pressure on Indian exporters, who largely export flat steel overseas
The Nifty India Defence index has extended gains for a third consecutive session, supported by hopes of stronger orderbooks for defence manufacturers and hopes of sustained demand for the longer term.
Titan Q4 results: Firm declares Rs 11 dividend; revenue rises 20%
The development confirms Moneycontrol's newsbreak that said both Jain and Saha are set to receive promotions as part of the group's succession planning exercise
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2000 in its research report dated May 23, 2025.
Of the 12 constituents of the index, 11 were trading in the red.
IndusInd Bank was the sole gainer, up marginally at Rs 821.80 on the NSE.
The stock is currently trading at Rs 2,537.80, experiencing slight volatility in today's session.
Industry executives feel that the direct-to-government sales could open new channels, giving generic manufacturers some advantage in US market known for the steep pricing pressure.
Geojit Financial Services is bullish on Oil and Natural Gas Corporation has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 261 in its research report dated March 07, 2025.
Macquarie's target price
of Rs 475 for NTPC shares indicates a 35 percent upside from the previous session's closing price.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bajaj Finance has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 10,500 in its research report dated April 30, 2025.
Motilal Oswal Financial Services initiated a 'Neutral' rating on BDL shares, with a target price
of Rs 1,900 apiece.
This implies a downside potential of more than 4% from the stock's previous closing price.
Brokerages maintained their bullish view on Reliance Industries, citing growth in Jio, Retail, and recovery in the oil-to-chemicals segment as key drivers.
Deven Choksey is bullish on UltraTech Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 14,299 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,049, Tata Consultancy Services has experienced a decline of 0.98% in today's session.
With the stock's current price at Rs 6,841.00, Apollo Hospitals Enterprises reflects significant investor activity and is an important constituent of the NIFTY 50 index.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Sun Pharma recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2000 in its research report dated May 23, 2025.
Coal India Q4 results: Revenue falls marginally to Rs 37,825 crore
Under the partnership, select ATGL outlets will offer Jio-bp’s high-performance petrol and diesel, while select Jio-bp outlets will integrate ATGL’s CNG units, enhancing the supply of high-quality fuels to consumers.
The company announced a final dividend of Rs 30 per share (600%) on April 24, 2025, with an effective date of July 4, 2025.
IT stocks: Coforge shares jumped nearly 4% after JP Morgan maintained an 'overweight' rating on the stock, with a target price of Rs 2,080 per share.
Stocks to Watch, 2
Apr: Stocks like Hi-Tech Pipes, Syngene International, Tata Steel, Biocon, Vaibhav Global, Tata Consumer Products, MOIL, JSW Energy, Quess Corp, Indian Bank, Pidilite Industries, Jana Small Finance Bank, SJVN, Power Grid Corporation of India, Shriram Finance, Polycab India, and Godawari Power &amp; Ispat will be in focus on April 2.
During his Budget speech, Deputy CM and Finance Minister Ajit Pawar said the tax hike on CNG vehicles is estimated to generate an additional Rs 150 crore in revenue for the state.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,929.20, Bharti Airtel has demonstrated positive momentum in today's session, driven by strong financial performance and strategic corporate actions.
Stocks to Watch, 4
July: Stocks like Bajaj Finance, Suryoday Small Finance Bank, Bank of Baroda, RBL Bank, AWL Agri Business, Marico, Emcure Pharmaceuticals, Piramal Pharma, Sterling Powergensys, Godavari Biorefineries, Indian Energy Exchange, InterGlobe Aviation, Force Motors, and FSN E-Commerce Ventures Nykaa will be in focus on July 4.
Shares of Adani Ports &amp; SEZ rose 6% to Rs 1,347 apiece while those of Adani Enterprises surged 7.5%
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a bullish sentiment on the stock as of July 14, 2025.
Shares of Hindustan Unilever were trading at Rs 2,459.90 in Tuesday's session.
The upward journey amid rangebound trading is expected to continue if the market defends the previous day's low.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The collaboration will span over 200 Apollo clinics and involve 300 medical practitioners, focusing on patient education, healthcare provider training, and infrastructure development.
Anticipation of another 25 basis points rate cut in the RBI’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) meeting outcome on June 6 also supported the rally.
Lower crude prices translate to softer input costs for paint companies like Asian Paints, as the manufacture of paint requires more than 300 items, most being petroleum-based.
BEL Q1 Results: The Navratna defence PSU company's revenue from operations rose 5% YoY to Rs 4,439.74 crore in Q1 FY26, lower than estimate.
Sensex, Nifty snapped previous day gains to decline on Thursday as weak Nestle India Q1 results weighed on investor sentiment towards the broader FMCG pack.
In February, Adani announced a Rs 6,000-crore investment to develop two integrated health campuses in Mumbai and Ahmedabad in collaboration with Mayo Clinic
Stocks to Watch, Mar 11: Stocks like Centum Electronics, NTPC Green Energy, Indian Bank, Urja Global, Bharat Electronics, NLC India, Ashoka Buildcon, Hisar Metal Industries, Anupam Rasayan India, Emcure Pharmaceuticals, Gensol Engineering, and Thermax will be in focus on March 11.
A note by Motilal Oswal has said that in the last seven months, valuations of oil and gas shares have corrected sharply, however, they are still far from their 10-year lows and unlikely to test them.
Bajaj Finance’s net profit rose 17% YoY to Rs 4,480 crore.
Revenue from operations meanwhile rose to Rs 18,457 crore.
The Nifty PSU Bank index has now snapped a three-day gaining streak.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Shriram Finance with a target price of Rs 650 in its research report dated July 27, 2025.
The surge in auto stocks comes amid a broader rally, with benchmark indices Sensex over 1,200 points and Nifty 50 closing above 25,000 at seven-month highs.
Sharekhan is bullish on ITC has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 505 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Shriram Finance recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 800 in its research report dated June 03, 2025.
Analysts said that the US President Trump’s latest executive order on drug price control could indirectly discourage Indian drug makers from pursuing specialty business in America.
Shares of Hindustan Unilever were trading at Rs 2,518.10, a decline of 0.35% on the NSE as of 10:20 am.
Auto stocks: The sharp rally in the share prices pushed the Nifty Auto index up more than 1.5 percent, emerging as the top sectoral gainer on the market today.
Cipla Q4 results: Along with the Q4 results, Cipla announced a final dividend of Rs 13 per equity share for the financial year 2025, and a special dividend of Rs 3 per equity share on the occasion of completing 90 years of the company.
Jefferies prefers hospital players that have higher brownfield bed expansion plans lined up for the coming years.
Max Healthcare remains its top sectoral pick.
Stocks to Watch, 05 May: Stocks like Avenue Supermarts, Vardhman Textiles, Voltamp Transformers, PNB Gilts, Archean Chemical Industries, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India, Gravita India, Sunteck Realty, City Union Bank, Aether Industries, Shilpa Medicare, BSE, GOCL Corporation, Tata Motors, Indraprastha Gas, and Tata Steel will be in focus on May 5.
According to the brokerage, the paint industry is expected to see a recovery in revenue growth in FY26, following a decline in FY25.
Net Sales are expected to increase by 5.2 percent Y-o-Y (up 7.7 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs 13,628.1 crore, according to ICICI Securities.
A part of the deal, Adani Port will issue 143.8 million shares to Carmichael Rail and Port Singapore Holdings to buy Abbot Point Port Holdings, which owns and operates the North Queensland Export Terminal
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,222.30, Tata Consultancy Services experienced volatility in Monday’s trading session.
ICICI Securities recommended reduce rating on Tata Elxsi with a target price of Rs 4250 in its research report dated April 18, 2025.
In recent days, defence shares have seen significant volatility after a record run following Operation Sindoor.
Despite strong tailwinds, analysts are flagging frothy valuations in the share of defence suppliers.
OMC stocks: The stocks snapped their two-day losing streak, which was earlier triggered by rising geopolitical tensions in the oil-rich Middle East.
Moneycontrol collated a list of the top 10 rate-sensitive stocks, curated by experts with a 3–4-week perspective, following the Reserve Bank of India's decision to maintain the status quo on rates.
The stock's decline reflects a bearish sentiment as of July 28, 2025, according to Moneycontrol analysis.
With a current price increase of 2.09%, Cipla's stock reflects positive market dynamics and strong investor sentiment.
Anand Rathi is bullish on Hindustan Aeronautics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5950 in its research report dated July 28, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 06 May: Stocks like Computer Age Management Services, Bombay Dyeing &amp; Manufacturing Company, Zee Media Corporation, Jammu &amp; Kashmir Bank, Prataap Snacks, Hind Rectifiers, Cigniti Technologies, Coforge, Indian Energy Exchange, Paras Defence and Space Technologies, and IRCON International will be in focus on May 6.
Adani stocks: 11 out of 12 stocks were trading in the red, with Adani Power being the only exception.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,252.30, Tata Consultancy Services shows a positive trend, reflecting investor confidence in the company's performance and future prospects.
In an exchange filing released on March 19, Senco Gold announced that its promoter Jai Hanuman Shri Siddhivinayak Trust has acquired 0.05 percent stake through the open market on March 18.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,936.10, Bharti Airtel has seen a slight decrease from its previous close.
Airtel Partners with Perplexity, Offers Free Perplexity Pro Subscription
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,936.20, Bharti Airtel has demonstrated a steady performance in today's session.
Consumption shows a slip in June after strong showing in two months, manufacturing picks up on back of strong export orders
Stocks To Watch, Feb 17: Stocks like Narayana Hrudayalaya, Dilip Buildcon, NRB Bearings, Rail Vikas Nigam, Borosil Renewables, Aditya Birla Fashion &amp; Retail, La Opala RG, Dish TV India, Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals, Easy Trip Planners, Wipro,Ujjivan Small Finance Bank, and Shriram Finance will be in focus on February 17.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Adani Ports and SEZ has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1700 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty were off their highs after a strong start, as traders booked profits near highs leading to a pullback from the day’s peak levels.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 416.85, ITC has seen a slight dip in the early session.
Bajaj Finance posted a 25 percent YoY jump in its assets under management, which stood at around Rs 4.41 lakh crore as of June 30, 2025.
The tax impact of FPIs arises from the capital gains tax rules and grandfathering provision, introduced in 2018, that brought back long-term capital gains (LTCG) tax on listed equities.
Stocks to Watch, 28
Apr: Stocks like Sasken Technologies, SBFC Finance, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals, Bhansali Engineering Polymers, Rossari Biotech, Zensar Technologies, L&amp;T Finance, Force Motors, Lloyds Metals and Energy, Poonawalla Fincorp, Mahindra Holidays &amp; Resorts India, Tata Technologies, and DCB Bank will be in focus on April 28.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,444.00, Hindustan Unilever demonstrates positive movement in today's session, supported by substantial trading volume and recent financial performance.
Trump's letters to 17 of the world’s biggest pharmaceutical majors has stated that companies should immediately lower charges for existing drugs, and furnish guarantee that future medicines be launched at par with what other countries are paying.
Despite a slight dip in share price, UltraTech Cement's high trading volume and robust financial metrics provide a detailed view of the company's current market position.
Crude oil prices also found support from the Iranian parliament approval of a proposal to close the Strait of Hormuz, one of the world’s most critical oil shipping routes,
ITC's stock is currently trading lower in the Nifty 50 index, with the stock price at Rs 407.10.
ITC is among the top gainers on the Nifty 50 this hour.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 424.75, ITC has shown a marginal increase in early Thursday's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,161.40, Tata Consultancy Services has seen significant trading volume in today's session.
With the stock's current price at Rs 11122.00, UltraTech Cement experienced a downturn amidst notable trading volume.
Margins of Indian steel makers had been under risk earlier this year when Chinese steel companies dumped cheap steel in the domestic market amid higher tariffs on China
Bharat Electronics Share Price | The share price will remain in focus today after winning additional orders worth Rs 585 crore for fire control and sighting system for missiles, communication equipment, jammers, spares, services etc.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,424.70, Hindustan Unilever reflects a marginal decline in early trading.
The smallcap index ended in the green on seven out of past eight sessions, with the combined market capitalisation higher by over Rs 50,000 crore since May 23.
Domestic equity frontlines ended the week on a strong note, with the Nifty and Sensex rising around 4 percent each, while midcaps and smallcaps outperformed.
Tata Consultancy Services is witnessing positive market movement, reflected in its current trading price and recent financial results.
According to experts, the rate cut was on expected lines but change in stance was unexpected.
They see more rate cuts in the coming policy meetings
Excluding Nifty Pharma and Nifty Healthcare, all 11 other sectoral indices were in the red.
Nifty IT was the worst hit, sliding over 2 percent, weighed down by Infosys and TCS.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,546.80, Hindustan Unilever has demonstrated positive momentum in today's session.
Shares of Bharti Airtel were trading flat in Wednesday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 1,931.30.
Overall, the company's total domestic sales dropped 11 percent to 1.83 lakh units, while exports surged 21 percent to 1.69 lakh units.
Across five major IT firms, namely TCS, Infosys, HCL Technologies, Wipro, and Tech Mahindra, analysts made major revisions to their calls on the stocks, data from Bloomberg shows.
The Trading Window will re-open on August 4, 2025, allowing company insiders to trade in the company's securities after the financial results and dividend decisions have been made public
Analysts have attributed the upward price movement in Adani Group's bonds to the recent decision by US government to halt FCPA proceedings against foreign companies over alleged violation of US anti-bribery laws.
Sensex, Nifty bounced back in Wednesday's trade, supported by fresh foreign fund inflows
BLAST works with game publishers including Epic Games, Valve, Riot Games, KRAFTON and Ubisoft to produce, market and deliver esports for several popular games including PUBG, Dota 2, Counter-Strike 2, Fortnite, Rainbow Six and Rocket League
The broader market indices have now extended gains for the second consecutive session, after a multi-session losing streak.
Broader markets outperformed the benchmarks, with smallcap and midcap indices jumping over 1 percent each.
After a consistent five-day rally, the market may consolidate, though the overall trend remains positive.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Bajaj Finance with a target price of Rs 1000 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
India's two-wheeler makers has undergone significant shifts, with TVS Motors achieving its largest market share in 18 years and exports reaching new highs.
On the other hand, Hero Moto's market share in the domestic market has fallen to a 20-year low, the Jefferies note said.
Shares of ITC were trading at Rs 411.30, a 0.69% decline from the previous close during Wednesday's session.
Since Op Sindoor, shares of leading defence-related companies like IdeaForge, Paras Defence, Zen Technologies, Hindustan Aeronautics, Bharat Electronics and DCM Shriram Industries have clocked gains between 8-50 percent.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on SBI Life Insurance recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2000 in its research report dated April 24, 2025.
Cement major UltraTech is likely to post a strong performance in Q1FY26, driven by volume growth, improved pricing, and easing costs, according to brokerages.
The Tata Group firm's consolidated revenue decreased by 3 percent to Rs 53,178 crore.
Despite lower volumes and revenues, price support from safeguard duty and cost trims helped improve profitability
Trent share price: Despite today's gains, Trent shares have dropped nearly 20 percent in the past six months.
The stock however rose nearly 7 percent in the past one year.
Earlier this month, he said that the Indian government has &quot;offered us a deal where basically they are willing to literally charge us no tariff&quot;. The possibility of a trade deal between US and India had earlier boosted the free falling auto stocks.
Tata Consultancy Services, with its current trading price, reflects a minor fluctuation during the trading session.
With the stock's last traded
price at Rs 2,530.00, Hindustan Unilever reflects a minor decrease in today's session with over 3.5 lakh shares traded.
Sun Pharma Investor Presentation: Focus on Growth and Innovation in July 2025
Shares of Hindustan Unilever were trading at Rs 2,451.40 in Tuesday's session.
Bajaj Finance share price: The leading NBFC on April 29 had announced a bonus issue of shares in the ratio of 4:1, and a stock split in the ratio of 1:2.
Coal India Appoints Ashish Chatterjee as Government Nominee Director
Sharekhan is bullish on NTPC has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 374 in its research report dated March 07, 2025.
The market may attempt a bounce back considering the oversold conditions, but it is unlikely to sustain the same.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bharat Electronics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 445 in its research report dated June 18, 2025.
Emkay Global Financial recommended reduce rating on Titan Company with a target price of Rs 3350 in its research report dated July 07, 2025.
Hindustan Unilever is currently trading with a marginal decrease from its previous close.
Stocks to Watch, 9
July: Stocks like Gujarat Pipavav Port, 5paisa Capital, Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Synergy Green Industries, Puravankara, Dixon Technologies, Zee Entertainment Enterprises, Ola Electric Mobility, Bajel Projects, Computer Age Management Services , and India Shelter Finance Corporation will be in focus on July 9.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on SBI Life Insurance has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2140 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
Metal stocks: The sharp rise in the share prices pushed the Nifty Metal index up nearly 1 percent to hover around 9,545 in the afternoon.
The Nifty Auto Index may well be on the verge of a reversal, with stocks like MRF and Exide Industries lining up as early beneficiaries.
While confirmation is always key, the setup is promising—and those watching closely may find themselves ahead of the next big move.
The Nifty India Defence index closed with modest gains of about 0.7 percent, but select shares saw strong buying interest.
The DGMOs' assurance of armed forces being prepared for future missions 'should the need arise' supported investor sentiment in this space.
The USFDA is expected to submit a report within 180 days of the order, reviewing regulations
and guidance on development of domestic pharma manufacturing.
The Executive Order also proposes steps to eliminate ' duplicative or unnecessary requirements' in regulations.
Tata Consultancy Services among the top gainers on Nifty 50 this hour.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 420.60, ITC has shown a marginal gain in today's session with significant trading volume.
A Moneycontrol analysis as of July 28, 2025, indicated a bearish sentiment on the stock.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 417.75, ITC has seen a marginal decline from its previous close.
The recommendation came after the authority observed that there has been a sudden spike in the imports of these products into India.
This could have a serious impact on the domestic companies.
Oil marketing companies may see improved margins as global crude oil prices soften to the $60–$65 per barrel range, compared to current inventories averaging $75.
The project, which has a total capital expenditure of GBP 1.25 billion, will result in the replacement of coal-fired blast furnaces
to scrap-based electric arc furnaces.
Sensex, Nifty gained sharply on Friday on hopes of a possible India-US trade agreement before the end of 90-day pause on the reciprocal tariffs.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,918.30, Bharti Airtel has shown a positive movement in today's session.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates very bearish sentiment on the stock.
On March 17, Bajaj Finserv said it had approved the acquisition of Allianz SE’s entire 26% stake in their joint insurance ventures — Bajaj Allianz General Insurance and Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Indian Oil Corporation with a target price of Rs 122 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
The revenue from operations rose 23 percent to Rs 8,488 crore in the March quarter
of FY25, against Rs 6,897 crore recorded in the December quarter.
ITC is set to announce its quarterly results on August 1, as decided during a board meeting.
Despite the strong surge, some analysts advice caution.
'While the potential for significant returns is evident, the risks are also heightened in this segment,' says Himanshu Srivastava from Morningstar Investment Research India.
The defence stocks saw significant rally earlier this year, but analysts now flag high valuations.
Auto stocks rose on Monday on expectations of steady demand and improving margins.
ICICI Securities is bullish on UltraTech Cement recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 14,600 in its research report dated July 22, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on SBI Life Insurance Company has SBI Life Insurance Companyommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2140 in its research report dated July 28, 2025.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bharat Electronics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 445 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
Reliance Industries Q1FY26: Mukesh Ambani believes that the performance of businesses and growth initiatives gives confidence that Reliance will continue its stellar track record of doubling every 4-5 years.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,933.50, Bharti Airtel has shown a positive move of 0.79% from its previous close.
Brokerages were mixed on their outlook for Titan shares, as some remained bullish, while the others were bearish on volatile gold prices, rising competition.
The company’s consolidated gross revenue came in at Rs 84,171 crore, a 11 percent rise from Rs 75,615  crore in the corresponding quarter
of the previous year.
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, revenue declined 5 per cent from Rs 88,620 crore in the March quarter.
Defence stocks: The sharp rise in the share prices pushed the Nifty Defence index up nearly 1.7 percent to hover around 9,037 in the morning.
Deven Choksey is bearish on Tata Elxsi has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4965 in its research report dated July 14, 2025.
Buying momentum is expected to strengthen further if the frontline indices sustain above the 20-day EMA in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded amid broad-based value buying, easing volatility and encouraging macroeconomic data.
Gurnani said that the move reflects the humanization of AI, which means that while some routine jobs may be cut, new jobs may be created.
The benchmark indices, as well as broader markets, might extend the weakness.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Axis Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1400 in its research report dated June 18, 2025.
This report is baseless, inaccurate and misleading, says Adani Enterprises
According to a poll of five brokerages, Trent may report a revenue growth of 20 percent year-on-year at Rs 4,793 crore in Q1FY26.
Bajaj, in an interview with Mint, said the group identifies the talent ‘early’ and move them around in various roles across businesses to gain valuable experience
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Shriram Finance with a target price of Rs 640 in its research report dated July 27, 2025.
Adani Ports owns a majority stake in Haifa Port in Israel.
The company had acquired the port for a total consideration of $1.18 billion in 2023.
The port is one of Israel’s major seaports.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Hindustan Unilever has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3000 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
The increased trading volume and marginal price increase reflect a dynamic trading session for Tata Steel, supported by very bullish investor sentiment.
The fall in metal stocks is in-line with overall market weakness, after US President Trump's reciprocal tariffs and China's retaliation rattled global markets and triggered fears of a trade war.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,175.70, Tata Consultancy Services has shown positive movement in today's session, reflecting an increase from its previous hourly price of Rs 3,171.70.
Tata Steel's 1QFY26 India Crude Steel Production at 5.26 Mn Tons; Deliveries Impacted by Maintenance
Cipla AGM: Dividend Declared, Umang Vohra Re-appointed as Director
MET City is now home to more than 580 companies from 10 countries, including six from South Korea alone.
With the stock's current price at Rs 908.00, Bajaj Finance experiences a notable decline in early trading, reflecting bearish market sentiment.
In summary, Shriram Finance's recent trading activity reflects a notable decrease alongside high trading volumes.
The company's inclusion in key indices and its financial metrics will likely keep it on investors' radar.
Milan Vaishnav expects Bank Nifty to break 56,000 support.
The correct range for Nifty Bank for the coming week would be 57,500 on the higher side where it is likely to find resistance and 55,000 where there is immediate pattern support.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Axis Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1500 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
Stocks to Warch, 22
Apr: Stocks like Rajratan Global Wire, Alok Industries, Tata Investment Corporation, Himadri Speciality Chemical, Pitti Engineering, Mahindra Logistics, Vedanta, Brigade Enterprises, Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals, and Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders will be in focus on April 22.
Hindustan Unilever is included as one of the stocks in the benchmark Nifty 50 index.
Moneycontrol analysis from July 24, 2025, indicates a bullish sentiment on the stock.
At 12:00 pm, Tata Consultancy Services is trading at Rs 3,103.40, marking a 1.03% decline.
Currently, US
charges nearly zero duties on pharmaceutical imports.
India on the other hand imposes around 10 percent tax on pharma imports
from US.
The moderation in both headline and core inflation strengthens the case for a potential policy rate cut, said Mahendra Patil frokm MP Financial Advisory Services LLP
Bajaj Auto, through its arm, will provide €600 million to KTM, supporting its restructuring and revival.
OMC stocks: The rising tensions in the oil-rich Middle East has triggered supply disruption concerns, which in turn boosted oil prices.
The market is expected to consolidate further as long as the frontline indices continue trading below their medium-term moving averages.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Shares of ITC were trading at Rs 414.90 on the NSE at 12:20 pm, a decline of 0.47% from the previous close.
The projects under the capital expenditure programme will primarily focus on efficiency measures, particularly in energy consumption, with the ultimate goal of enabling India Cements to meet most of its power requirements through renewable energy or waste heat recovery systems.
Hospital executives told Moneycontrol that there is a partial recovery in the number of medical visas issued to Bangladesh, even as they have stepped up targeted marketing and outreach efforts and introduced transparent packages to attract patients from other countries.
'Our capital investment across businesses is set to break all records,' Gautam Adani tells shareholders; Ambuja Cement, Adani Ports lead gains among Adani Group stocks
With Cipla's shares showing a gain of 0.55% to reach Rs 1,481.30, the stock reflects ongoing market activity in the pharmaceutical sector.
Asit C Mehta recommended accumulate rating on Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone with a target price of Rs 1340 in its research report dated February 20, 2025.
PM Modi on May 12 said Operation Sindoor has displayed the capabilities of Indian armed forces in the deserts and mountains and also proved 'our superiority in new age warfare'.
The stock’s last traded price was Rs 406.20, reflecting the market's reaction to recent financial results and corporate actions.
Backed by strong technical indicators and firm sectoral participation, Nifty now looks poised to extend its northward journey in the coming weeks and is likely to test the level of 25,800, followed by 26,100 in the short term, said SBI Securities' Sudeep Shah.
RBI MPC meet: The stress witnessed earlier in retail segments like unsecured personal loans and credit card receivables portfolio has abated, while the stress in micro-finance segment is persisting, says Governor Sanjay Malhotra
Stocks To Watch, Mar 5: Stocks like Ola Electric Mobility, Grasim Industries, RHI Magnesita India, Apollo Hospitals Enterprise, Walchandnagar Industries, ABB India, Mindteck India, Ambuja Cements, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, Force Motors, Avanti Feeds, Banswara Syntex, SpiceJet, and Manappuram Finance will be in focus on March 5.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 10: Stocks like India Pesticides, HFCL, NDR Auto Components, JSW Steel, GR Infraprojects, Biocon, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, Container Corporation of India, Thangamayil Jewellery, Hinduja Global Solutions, IRB Infrastructure Developers, and AstraZeneca Pharma will be in focus on March 10.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bajaj Finserv has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2350 in its research report dated May 05, 2025.
Bharat Coking Coal IPO | The issue will be entirely an offer for sale, as BCCL will not issue any fresh shares
Trent faces mounting pessimism as high valuations, sluggish sales growth, and analyst downgrades cloud its outlook.
Mutual fund, insurance and payments arms of SBI are seen as prime IPO candidates, and analysts see these as accounting for a fourth of the PSU lender's overall value.
Bharat Electronics Appoints Kamesh Kasana as Director (Other Units)
Shares of Hindustan Aeronautics were trading higher in Monday's session.
Trent and Bharat Electronics will be included in the BSE Sensex, replacing Nestle India and IndusInd Bank, with the adjustment taking place on June 20.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,545.30, Hindustan Unilever has seen a slight decline in Monday's trading session.
Stocks to Watch, 17
June: Stocks like NTPC, Godrej Properties, Axiscades Technologies, Zee Entertainment Enterprises, Tanla Platforms, ICICI Bank, IndiaMART InterMESH, Tata Consultancy Services, HCL Technologies, Mastek, Biocon, Vishal Mega Mart, Jainik Power Cables, Hindustan Zinc, and  Shankara Building Products will be in focus on June 17.
The Nifty Pharma index is currently the top gaining sectoral index on NSE, rising over 1 percent to hover around 21,586.80.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 420.90, ITC showcases a stable presence on the Nifty 50 index amid today's trading session.
While the market may rebound amid consolidation, sustaining the expected recovery is key to watch.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Stocks to Watch, 8
July: Stocks like Titan Company, Tata Motors, Navin Fluorine International, Refex Industries, JSW Infrastructure, Macrotech Developers, and Kotak Mahindra Bank will be in focus on July 8.
Tata Motors, Yes Bank, Tata Steel, Vodafone and Suzlon energy are the stocks with highest number of retail investors
With the stock showing a rise of 2.09%, Cipla continues to be a key player in the pharmaceutical sector, demonstrating steady financial performance and active corporate actions.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Trent recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6650 in its research report dated July 15, 2025.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Axis Bank with a target price of Rs 1300 in its research report dated July 14, 2025.
Adani Group said its ‘Core Infrastructure’ portfolio continues to drive the stable cashflow, contributing 84% to the total EBITDA.
ITC's stock performance reflects an overall bearish sentiment, with the stock trading at Rs 408.75 on the NSE.
The 100-day EMA zone of 24,600-24,550 will act as immediate support for the Nifty 50.
Any sustainable move below the level
of 24,550 will lead to further correction upto the 24,200 level.
However, on the upside, the 20-day EMA zone of 25,100-25,150 will be the crucial hurdle for the index, said Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities.
A Moneycontrol survey of eight analysts estimates Reliance’s Q4 revenue to be Rs 2.38 lakh crore compared to Rs 2.37 lakh crore in year-ago period.
EBITDA is expected to be around Rs 43,491.6 crore, up from Rs 42,516 crore a year ago
Defence stocks: The sharp fall in the share prices pushed the Nifty India Defence index down by half a percent to hover around 7,795, extending losses for the fifth session.
India Vix witnessed one of the steepest rises on Monday as investors brace for high volatility amid global trade war fears.
Shriram Finance Share Price: The lender reported a standalone net profit
of Rs 2,139.39 crore
for Q4 FY25.
Kotak Institutional Equities had estimated the company's profit
at Rs 2,202 crore.
Axis Securities and JM Financial too had estimated a higher net profit.
Trent's total sales is likely to come in at Rs 4,275 crore for the three months ended March, jumping 34 percent on-year.
The company’s revenue fell 4.2 percent to Rs 56,218.11 crore in the reported quarter compared to Rs 58,687.31 crore in the year-ago period, the filing said.
Tata Steel recommended a dividend of Rs 3.60 per share for FY25
Nifty Pharma index has extended gains for the 10th consecutive session.
Nifty Auto index meanwhile extended gains for the third straight day.
Standalone revenue from operations rose 29 per cent
to Rs 4,203.14 crore
up from Rs 3,260.2 crore.
However, on a sequential basis, revenue declined  8 per cent.
Axis Bank Q4 results: Total income rises 6% to Rs 38,022 crore
Apollo Hospitals net profit for Q4FY25 stood at Rs 389.7 crore, up from Rs 253.8 crore in the same quarter last year.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a bullish sentiment on the stock as of July 16, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,944.40, Bharti Airtel has been identified among the top gainers on the Nifty 50 in today's session.
Deven Choksey recommended accumulate rating on Axis BANK with a target price of Rs 1186 in its research report dated July 21, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Axis Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1370 in its research report dated July 18, 2025.
Cipla Q1 Net Profit After Tax Rises to ₹1,291.61 Crore
Demand trends for the paint sector in January and February have seen a marginal improvement, noted global broking house JPMorgan.
The trend is expected to remain in favour of the bulls, despite intermittent profit booking in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Tech Mahindra Announces Special Window for Physical Share Transfers
The market needs to record a strong follow-up rally to confirm the change in trend.
Until then, it seems to be in a consolidation phase.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Brokerage Investec downgraded Sun Pharma shares by two notches to 'sell' while Choice Equity Broking gave an 'Add' rating
APL Apollo Tubes was the top gainer on the index, rising nearly 3 percent to trade at Rs 1,414 per share.
The stock has now strongly recovered after hitting a 52-week low of Rs 1,273 per share
on February 17.
Republican lawmakers are currently finalizing a new budget proposal.
Investors worry that the package may swell the country's federal deficit.
Sectoral performance remained bleak, with 11 out of 13 major sectoral indices in the red.
Nifty Auto and Nifty FMCG were the only gainers.
UltraTech Cement, with its current price at Rs 11968.00, exhibits a positive trajectory reinforced by strong investor sentiment and consistent financial results.
Hindustan Aeronautics shares will be in focus as brokerages reiterate their bullish calls on the defence player, following its Q4 earnings show.
Jio was the 'biggest risk' we have taken so far, said Mukesh Ambani, adding that it was own money being invested, and he was the majority shareholder. &quot;Our worst-case scenario was that it might not work out financially,&quot; said Ambani,
While the Nifty, Sensex are seeing some losses, compared to global markets, they are showing strong resilience as India remains more insulated from tariff woes than Asian peers, noted experts.
Adani
group stocks traded mixed on Wednesday after a Reuters report said the U.S. SEC sought India’s help in its fraud probe against Gautam and Sagar Adani.
While some stocks fell, others saw modest gains.
The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India Ltd (SBI), increased its net profit to 18,643 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, announced on May 3.
Electricite de France SA, Korea Hydro &amp; Nuclear Power, Rosatom Corp, plus US firms GE Vernova Inc and Holtec International Corp. are among the companies in discussion with NTPC over technology cooperation, said the executive familiar with the conversations, asking not to be named as the plans aren’t yet public.
The life insurance gross written premium was up 9 percent YoY, while it declined 41% sequentially.
Investors are keenly awaiting the quarterly results of ITC, with the announcement scheduled for August 1.
The consolidation phase is likely to continue until the index shows a strong and sustainable close above short-term moving averages.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 25: Stocks like HCL Technologies, Central Bank of India, Punjab &amp; Sind Bank, UCO Bank, Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers &amp; Chemicals, Brigade Enterprises, Wipro, TTK Prestige, Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy, Hyundai Motor India, Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company, and Britannia Industries will be in focus on March 25.
The rise in Tech Mahindra's stock price reflects positive market sentiment, supported by consistent financial performance and strong fundamentals.
OMCs such as HPCL and BPCL saw heavy selling pressure during the previous session amid escalating tensions in the Middle East.
The move will help the Tata group-managed firm to expand business in GCC countries.
Reliance Power share
price: Despite the recent downturn, the stock is still a whopping 147% higher than its 52-week low of Rs 25.75 per share.
In FY25 alone, the cash pile increased by over Rs 10,200 crore, underscoring a decisive shift in the capital allocation priorities of India’s drugmakers
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Ultratech Cement with a target price of Rs 13,634 in its research report dated July 22, 2025.
State Bank of India, which holds a 23.97 percent stake, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation have reinitiated talks for a stake sale in Yes Bank
Trent Limited is part of the Tata Group and operates Westside and Zudio chains of fashion retail stores, among other retail ventures.
Metal stocks: Analysts noted that China's external demand remained weak on the wake of US tariffs, which in turn impacted business optimism in the country.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Cipla has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1730 in its research report dated July 27, 2025.
Stocks to watch, 23
June: Stocks like Granules India, Waaree Renewable Technologies,Signature Global (India), Zen Technologies, NLC India, Bajel Projects, Bharat Electronics, Bank of India, Bandhan Bank, CEAT, and LT Foods will be in focus on June 23.
With shares of Tata Steel trading at Rs 158.67, the stock reflects a decrease compared to its previous levels, influenced by current market dynamics.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Asian Paints with a target price of Rs 2248 in its research report dated July 29, 2025.
'The proposed investment is a related party transaction and will be carried out on an arm’s length basis,' says Bajaj Auto
Crude oil prices affect the paint business and tyre industries are they are raw material-intensive industries, that depend on crude oil for production.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Bharat Electronics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 490 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
UltraTech Cement's stock reached an all-time high, reflecting positive investor sentiment and strong financial performance.
With the stock's last traded
price at Rs 3,022.40, Tata Consultancy Services has seen a decrease of 0.47% in today's session with over 3.3 lakh shares traded.
Overall, the trend remains positive, though some profit booking and consolidation in the upcoming sessions can't be ruled out after the robust gains of the previous session.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The trend is expected to remain favourable for bears, but some rebound can't be ruled out, considering the significant fall in the past few days.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Infosys may have led the Tier-1 pack in Q1, but the bar was low, as macroeconomic conditions were challenging and client spending had not picked up significantly.
According to analysts, upbeat sentiment around trade negotiations between India and the United States, along with gains in global markets and softening crude oil prices, helped lift investor mood.
JPMorgan has maintained its ‘Overweight’ rating on Tata Steel with a target price of Rs 180 per share.
Stocks to watch, 24
Apr: Stocks like Syngene International, Wendt India, Supreme Petrochem, 360 ONE WAM, Can Fin Homes, Rallis India, Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra), Tamilnad Mercantile Bank, Filatex India, Biocon, Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company, Spandana Sphoorty Financial, and Bajaj Finance will be in focus on April 24.
Sharekhan is bullish on UltraTech Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,000 in its research report dated March 28, 2025.
The Tata group firm exports no steel from its Indian operations to the United States, and the company expects any secondary impact- from exporter-manufacturers using its steel, to be limited, MD and CEO TV Narendran told Moneycontrol
IT stocks: Analysts have suggested that the IT sector may see a soft earnings season, amid global uncertainties.
Aramco is in separate talks to invest in BPCL's planned refinery in Andhra Pradesh and a proposed ONGC refinery in Gujarat, says a report
The project is an 'exclusive collection of luxury residences' and part of its 116-acre integrated township DLF Privana located in Gurugram’s Sectors 76 and 77
The plant will run round-the-clock using renewable energy to supply 10,000 tonnes of green hydrogen annually to IOC for 25 years, a crucial step in India's National Green Hydrogen Mission.
Sensex, Nifty pared morning gains amid selling in financial and metal shares.
Lack of clarity on India-US trade deal also weighed on investor sentiment.
Among top losers of the index are AU Small Finance Bank, which fell 1.44% while Kotak Mahindra Bank fell 1%.
Stocks to Watch, 07 May: Stocks like eMudhra, KEI Industries, Piramal Enterprises, Aarti Drugs, Aptus Value Housing Finance India, Kansai Nerolac Paints, Shriram Finance, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Life Insurance Corporation of India, Prestige Estates Projects, Restaurant Brands Asia, and Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation will be in focus on May 7.
Despite the current dip, Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone's shares are trading at Rs 1,440.50 with a traded volume of 2,123,634.
Sensex, Nifty declined as rate-sensitive sectors saw profit-booking. Broader markets underperformed on greater exposure to the domestic economy and higher sensitivity to borrowing costs.
Sensex, Nifty jumped nearly 1% higher, mirroring sharp rally in global peers and drop in crude oil prices on hopes of de-escalation in the Middle East conflict.
The promoters infused funds through conversion into equity of warrants issued in January 2024, with the shares issued to the promoter group at Rs 1,480.75 apiece, a significant premium to the current traded price.
Nuvama Institutional Equities has raised its target price for Reliance Industries, following the launch of its solar module manufacturing facility.
Managing Director &amp; Global CEO Umang Vohra expressed confidence in the company's ability to expand, driven by a multi-pronged strategy across key markets.
The key indices are likely to consolidate and remain range-bound in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Asian Paints with a target price of Rs 2142 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
IT stocks: Tech-heavy Nasdaq index closed at a record high level following the US Fed chief's testimony.
Sensex surged over 1,300 points, while Nifty closed nearly 2 percent higher.
SAIL's net profit and revenue grew on-year, but declined sequentially.
12 out of 13 sectors are trading in red; broader markets fell over 2% on April 25
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,907.70 on the NSE, Bharti Airtel has shown a marginal gain in today's session, accompanied by significant trading volume.
According to Moneycontrol's poll, Hindustan Unilever will report flat net profit at Rs 2,557 crore for the quarter ended June.
Consensus estimates peg the EBITDA margin at 20.6 percent, up from 17 percent in Q1FY25.
Most analysts attribute the margin gains to softer input costs and better operational efficiency.
CAR-T therapy costs about Rs 50 lakh in India including hospital fees, much less than the Rs 3-4 crore or more (before hospital fees) in US, Germany, Spain, UK, Italy and France.
The passive infrastructure company, now a Bharti Airtel subsidiary, posted a 9.1 percent revenue growth to Rs 8,058 crore, but total expenses jumped 29.2 percent
US stock markets nearing record highs, with the Nasdaq 100 Index
higher by 30% since its April lows, outperforming the S&amp;P 500 Index.
According to Moneycontrol analysis as of June 6, 2025, the sentiment for Tata Steel is very bullish.
Given the current chart structure and improving momentum indicators, Bank Nifty is likely to continue its upward move and may test the 56,800 level in the near term with a potential extension toward 57,500, Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities said.
In the case of Bank Nifty, Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities believes the presence of strong support levels and overall positive structure suggests that the index is unlikely to undergo a deep correction in the immediate term.
Bajaj Finance shares traded in red ahead of board meeting today to declare the March quarter results.
Bajaj Finance shares tumbles 6 percent in trade on July 25, after brokerages flag rising credit stress following the NBFC's June quarter results.
The company also expects R&amp;D spending to rise to 6–8% of sales, reflecting its commitment to pipeline expansion and innovation.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 332.75, NTPC's performance and high trading volume reflect its significance in the market.
Israeli Defence Minister Israel Katz said he has ordered a forceful military response to what he called Iran's 'violation of the ceasefire'
Stocks to Watch Today, 6 August: Stocks like National Securities Depository, Sri Lotus Developers, M&amp;B Engineering, Bharti Airtel, Britannia Industries, Lupin, Prestige Estates Projects, EIH, Gland Pharma, and HG Infra Engineering  will be in focus on August 5.
On April 29, 2025, the company announced a stock split with old face value of Rs 2 and new face value of Rs 1, with record date as June 16, 2025
Crude prices extended their fall the ceasefire between Israel and Iran stood firm, leading to shares of domestic OMCs to rally.
Trent opened 82 stores and closed 6 stores in the fashion concepts during the December quarter to take the total store count to 907.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 9,783.64 crore in the December quarter.
The market trend is expected to remain positive amid consolidation.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Q4 results impact: MRF announced a final dividend of Rs 229 per share for the financial year 2025.
Sensex, Nifty declined as market participants cited multiple headwinds including foreign fund outflows, global cues and Trump's tariffs.
Stocks To Watch, Mar 20: Stocks like Raymond, Adani Enterprises, Mishra Dhatu Nigam, Can Fin Homes, HIL, SBFC Finance, and Mahindra Lifespace Developers will be in focus on March 20.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,241.40, Tata Consultancy Services is showing a slightly positive trend in today's early session.
Market consolidation is expected to continue with the focus now shifting to the outcome of the US Federal Reserve meeting.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Shares of Bajaj Finance were trading at Rs 876.65 in Wednesday’s session.
Top customers from the auto industry have paused a number of projects due to tariff issues, CEO Manoj Raghavan said in a post-earnings call
Both Nifty Realty and Nifty Metal indices have now extended losses for the third consecutive session, and are currently among the top sectoral losers on the stock market.
Brokerage Investec said that the new tax bill is not expected to change the preferential tax rates that apply to life insurance companies, instead keeping a status-quo, thus removing a major overhang for the sector.
Investors had sold off metal shares on worries over a possible US recession and the implications of a global trade war.
However, reports of China considering a stimulus and the weakness in US dollar has likely helped metal stocks stage a recovery.
Experts noted that Titan saw moderating growth in Q1 with 17 percent growth in the jewellery business versus recent trends of ~25 percent growth,
Reliance's ambition for deep-tech began with the telecom foray, said Mukesh Ambani, when Jio launched 5G in 2021, building every aspect of the service within the company.
The proposed factory will manufacture Airbus' best-selling H125 helicopter, and will be one among the only four such facilities in the world, The Economic Times reported.
Amid the noise, a handful of large-cap names are flashing bullish technical setups.
These are not speculative penny stocks or volatile midcaps.
These fundamentally strong companies show clear breakouts on the charts—ideal candidates for those seeking tactical entries in a conservative portfolio.
Emkay Global Financial recommended buy rating on Coal India with a target price of Rs 475 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
Trent Ltd Sets July 12 for 73rd AGM, E-voting Details Announced
Stocks To Watch, Feb 13: Stocks like Bharat Forge, Landmark Cars, Endurance Technologies, Balaji Amines, SKF India, IIFL Finance, Godawari Power &amp; Ispat, PTC India, Suven Pharmaceuticals, SH Kelkar and Company, ITD Cementation India, Godrej Industries, Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals, and Tata Power Company will be in focus on February 13.
Stocks to Watch, 19
June: Stocks like Siemens Energy India, HDFC Bank, Aavas Financiers, Vodafone Idea, Kirloskar Brothers, Andhra Paper, Hero MotoCorp, Aegis Logistics, Aegis Vopak Terminals, Zydus Lifesciences, Tata Elxsi, Abbott India, ESAF Small Finance Bank, and Inventurus Knowledge Solutions will be in focus on June 19.
Stocks to Watch, 4
Apr: Stocks like L&amp;T Finance, Vedanta, RBL Bank, Bandhan Bank, SH Kelkar and Company, Jio Financial Services, GR Infraprojects, UltraTech Cement, Balaji Amines, Sai Life Sciences, Nestle India, Jupiter Wagons, Thermax, and Ami Organics will be in focus on April 4.
Stocks to watch, 17
July: Stocks like Tech Mahindra, Angel One, L&amp;T Technology Services, Le Travenues Technology, Maruti Suzuki India, State Bank of India, Godrej Properties, Hindustan Zinc, Zydus Lifesciences, Emcure Pharmaceuticals, JSW Energy, and Smartworks Coworking Spaces will be in focus on July 17.
OMCs such as HPCL and BPCL can see heavy selling pressure amid escalating tensions in the Middle East, as concerns of oil supply weigh on stock prices.
The investors became richer by nearly Rs 4 lakh crore on Monday after the benchmark indices Sensex, Nifty surged for the sixth straight day.
Stocks to Watch, 29
July: Stocks like IndusInd Bank, Waaree Energies, NTPC Green Energy, KEC International, Torrent Pharma, PNC Infratech, RPSG Ventures, Monarch Surveyors, Paradeep Phosphates, and Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders will be in focus on July 29.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 26: Stocks like Maruti Suzuki India, Minda Corporation, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, Siemens India, Brainbees Solutions, TVS Motor Company, Indian Overseas Bank, Jyothy Labs, Bharat Heavy Electricals, Indegene, DLF, Asahi India Glass, Dredging Corporation of India, and NTPC Green Energy will be in focus on March 26.
HUL sees signs of a gradual consumption recovery aided by macroeconomic tailwinds, along with portfolio transformation.
Sharekhan is bullish on Trent has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6609 in its research report dated May 12, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,099.20, Tata Consultancy Services is among the top losers on the Nifty 50 index.
LIC Hikes Stake in Cipla to 5.024% Through Market Purchase
With the stock currently trading at Rs 418.40, Bharat Electronics's financial health and market indicators remain strong, despite the intraday dip.
Stocks to Watch, 15
July: Stocks like HCL Technologies, Tata Technologies, Rallis India, Power Mech Projects, RailTel Corporation of India, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Deepak Fertilisers, and Oberoi Realty will be in focus on July 15.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded on the back of  foreign fund inflows, easing volatility and buying in IT stocks.
Sensex, Nifty extended rally to 3rd straight session on easing geopolitical tensions.
Additionally, Trump has hinted at the possibility of a new agreement aimed at halting Iran’s nuclear ambitions.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 4,692.10, Hindustan Aeronautics is witnessing selling pressure amid overall market volatility.
Defence stocks: Paras Defence shares rallied 9% after turning ex-split.
Leading investment bank UBS revised its outlook on key C&amp;W players, maintaining a 'Buy' on KEI Industries, but lowered target price to Rs 5,000 per share, down from Rs 5,700 per share.
UBS lowered the target price for Polycab India to Rs 7,700 per share
from Rs 9,000 per share
previously, keeping the 'Buy' call.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Sun Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1960 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
The outperformance from the broader indices continued on seventh day, with BSE Midcap index rising 0.6 percent
and smallcap index adding 0.8 percent.
Further downward movement seems possible in the market in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 6,191, Tata Elxsi is showing positive momentum in today's session and is among the top gainers on the Nifty Midcap 150.
The comprehensive study draws insights from de-identified electronic medical records encompassing over 2.5 million preventive health screenings conducted across Apollo’s vast ecosystem of hospitals, clinics, and diagnostic centres between 2019 and 2024.
Almost all of the 13 major sectoral indices were trading in the green, following a recovery in Asian peers and across the board buying.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 2,467.40, Hindustan Unilever has touched a day's high of Rs 2,493.60 and a low of Rs 2,455.40 in today's session.
LKP Research is bullish on Tarsons Products has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 453 in its research report dated Jun 02, 2025.
The market may see further consolidation with a negative bias if it breaks Monday’s low in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Nifty Financial Services index was down nearly 1%, while the Nifty Private Bank index slipped 1.23%, with 8 of its 10 constituents trading in the red.
India's domestic coal production target will be raised to 1.13 BT by FY30.
For Coal India, a target of 1 BT production by FY27 has also been outlined, Coal and Mines Minister G Kishan Reddy said.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Bajaj Finance with a target price of Rs 10,000 in its research report dated April 30, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty declined over 1 percent for 3rd consecutive session amid weak global cues, with all the 13 major sectors ending in red.
The market is expected to remain directionless in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a very bearish sentiment on the stock as of July 16, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty extended decline on concerns over US tariff measures, leading to rise in India VIX amid increased uncertainty and risk aversion among traders.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 28: Stocks like Punjab &amp; Sind Bank, UCO Bank, Adani Green Energy, Piramal Enterprises, Raymond, SBI Life Insurance Company, Jio Financial Services, CESC, DCM Shriram, Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail, Power Finance Corporation, Hilton Metal Forging, Khaitan Chemicals, Uflex, and BEML will be in focus on March 28.
Reliance Industries shares extended their gains on Tuesday, adding Rs 1.4 lakh crore to the market valuation in two days
Iran
was the third-largest crude oil supplier to India till 2018-19. After the Trump administration slapped fresh sanctions on Iran
in 2018, Indian oil refiners curbed oil purchases from Tehran.
India currently does not source crude oil from Iran.
The stock's last traded price was Rs 3,165.50 on the NSE.
Under this agreement, large-scale coal production will be undertaken using paste filling technology in the Singhali underground coal mine located in SECL's Korba area
The Nifty FMCG index dropped over 0.7 percent in the afternoon, emerging as one of the top sectoral losers on the market.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 24: Stocks like Reliance Industries, Apollo Hospitals Enterprise, Power Grid Corporation, Allied Blenders and Distillers, Sundaram-Clayton, IRCON International, NMDC, Power Finance Corporation, UCO Bank, Larsen &amp; Toubro, Insolation Energy, Hindustan Copper, IFCI, and IIFL Capital Services will be in focus on March 24.
Titan Co.
Details June 2025 Investor Meeting Schedule
Despite the decline in share price during today's trading, Coal India maintains a significant presence within the NIFTY 50 STOCKS.
Satyanarayan Nuwal, Co-founder and Chairman of Solar Industries India, recorded the highest surge in wealth during the first half of 2025, followed by Sunil Mittal, Chairman of Bharti Airtel, and Lakshmi Mittal, Chairman of ArcelorMittal—the world’s largest steelmaker.
The market may see some consolidation before gaining further strength toward the 20-day EMA.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Broader markets: The Nifty Midcap index dropped over 1.5 percent to hover around 57,206, while the Nifty Smallcap index fell nearly 2 percent to stand at 18,018 in the afternoon.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,416.10, Hindustan Unilever continues to be a key player in the Nifty 50 index.
On August 4, Nifty India Defence index was trading 1.56% higher after falling nearly 8% in the last eight sessions
Stocks to watch, 6
June: Stocks like Khadim India, 3B Films, Hilton Metal Forging, KCP, Imagicaaworld Entertainment, Coal India, JSW Energy, Praj Industries, Ashoka Buildcon, Bajaj Finserv, Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, and Manappuram Finance will be in focus on June 6.
OPEC+ announced over the weekend its plan to hike production by 5.48 lakh barrels per day (bpd) in August, which is significantly higher than the 4.11 lakh bpd monthly increase in output approved by the organization for May, June and July.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,483.40, ICICI Bank has demonstrated strong financial performance and positive market sentiment.
The sustainability of Thursday's recovery is the key to watch, as frontline indices remained well below short-term moving averages.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Sequential margin gains, rising user base and store-level efficiency are hinting at improving unit economics at Blinkit.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Hindalco Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 804 in its research report dated March 25, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 263.30, Bharat Heavy Electricals has shown a positive move in today's session.
Ambuja Cements Q4 results: Revenue rises 11.5% to Rs 9,802 crore.
The company announced dividend of Rs 2 per share
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,465, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro shares were trading lower in Friday's session.
However, Morgan Stanley isn't enthused by DMart's Uttar Pradesh expansion and gave an underweight call with target price of Rs 3,260
The wage hikes are expected to cover around 80 percent of the staff, starting September 1
Swiggy also holds around 11-12 percent stake in Rapido, which translates to $120-130 million at the current valuation of $1.1 billion.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,662.90, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro touched a day's high of Rs 3,662.90 in Thursday's session.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Avenue Supermarts with a target price of Rs 3942 in its research report dated April 04, 2025.
Considering the current chart structure, Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities recommends adopting a cautious stance and stock-specific approach.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3032.00, Mahindra and Mahindra has demonstrated a positive trend with today's volume surge.
With its last traded price at Rs 13732.00, Bajaj Holdings' stock reflects a shift in investor sentiment amidst today's market activity.
The Aditya Birla Group is committing Rs 45,000 crore across the aluminium, copper and specialty alumina businesses for Hindalco Industries.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,511.10, Infosys has shown a minor decrease from its previous close.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Maruti Suzuki has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 14476 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
Shares of Infosys were trading positively in Wednesday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 1,588.10.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,644, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro has seen a marginal decline in today's session, with over 1.6 lakh shares traded.
However, Reliance expects oil demand to rise despite growing EV penetration, driven by strong economic growth, China stimulus measures and possible easing of geopolitical tensions
There is a growing consensus among market participants that the RBI will cut more rates
in the coming policies, in order to support growth amid a tariff war, with a cooling inflation providing the elbow room for lower rates.
Infosys reflects a steady performance in today's session.
Net Sales are expected to increase by 15.9 percent Y-o-Y (up 11.1 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 64,870 crore, according to PL Capital.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Adani Green Energy recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1230 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,506, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro has seen a positive movement in today's session.
Rajiv Anand's three-year tenure will end on August 24, 2028, pending shareholder approval at the bank's upcoming general meeting.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Titan Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4150 in its research report dated August 08, 2025.
With the stock's current price at Rs 994.50, Adani Green Energy Limited has shown a positive movement in today's session amid high volume.
IndusInd Bank took a $230 million hit in the fiscal year ended March 31 due to years of misaccounting of internal derivative trades, prompting the resignations of CEO Sumant Kathpalia and deputy Arun Khurana in April
Trent and Bharat Electronics will be included in the BSE Sensex, replacing Nestle India and IndusInd Bank from June 23, 2025 onwards.
Wipro, Tech Mahindra, HCL Technologies among other IT stocks led the decline in Monday's trading session as TCS' cautious outlook weighed on sentiment.
3 out of 4 IPOs, which raised over Rs 10,000 crore after the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020, saw a discount listing.
Stocks to Watch, 3
July: Stocks like Avenue Supermarts,Hindustan Zinc, FSN E-Commerce Ventures Nykaa, Punjab National Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Le Lavoir, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, Nestle India, Max Financial Services, and Indogulf Cropsciences will be in focus on July 3.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on ABB India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6851 in its research report dated May 13, 2025.
Shares of Hindustan Unilever were trading lower in Thursday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 2,521.40 on the NSE.
Moneycontrol's sentiment analysis on June 12, 2025, indicates a bullish outlook for Adani Power, despite the recent price decline.
With Adani Power's share price currently at Rs 555.85, the stock has experienced a 2.04% decrease in today's session.
All 13 major sectoral indices were in the red, with financials and auto stocks dragging Nifty lower.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Kotak Mahindra Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2400 in its research report dated May 05, 2025.
Grasim's standalone revenue rose while June quarter operating margin declined to 4.41 percent as against 5.07 percent in the same quarter a year ago.
IndusInd Bank Q1 results: The lender's net interest income fell 14% YoY to Rs 4,640 crore in Q1FY26
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Ambuja Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 658 in its research report dated April 30, 2025.
UBS kicked off coverage with a ‘buy’ rating on power generation players BHEL, Waaree Energies, Premier Energies, and Suzlon Energy.
Recently, Morgan Stanley took a bullish stance on Eternal citing its leadership in both food delivery and quick commerce, efficient cost structure, and a strong balance sheet that reduces the risk of further equity dilution
Adani Power Q1 results: Revenue rises 6% to Rs 14,109 crore
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,464.60, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro has seen a decline and features among top losers on Nifty 50.
The brokerage set a price target of Rs 1,200 which reflctes a 40 percent potential upside from Wednesday's closing figures.
Sharekhan is bullish on Kotak Mahindra Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500 in its research report dated May 03, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HCL Technologies recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2000 in its research report dated July 14, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,422.50, Infosys has experienced a decrease from its previous close.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Hindalco Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 773 in its research report dated April 03, 2025.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on ABB India with a target price of Rs 4850 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
Strong sales growth for TVS Motor, M&amp;M, Ashok Leyland, and Eicher Motors drove investor buying, while weak numbers pressured Tata Motors, Hyundai, Maruti Suzuki, Bajaj Auto, and Hero MotoCorp.
Sharekhan is bullish on HCL Technologies has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1730 in its research report dated April 22, 2025.
The consolidation with a negative bias is expected to persist in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 291.40, Eternal has experienced a notable decline today amid high trading volumes.
Additionally, Infosys has declared multiple dividends.
The most recent final dividend was announced on April 17, 2025, with a dividend of Rs 22.00 per share (440%) and an effective date of May 30, 2025.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Hero MotoCorp has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5600 in its research report dated February 07, 2025.
There are 3.27 crore users on the BoB World mobile application as on March 31, 2025, an increase of seven percent from FY24.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on ICICI Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1670 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,480.60, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro is showing a marginal gain in today's session.
Stocks to Watch, Feb 27: Stocks like Coforge, Waaree Renewable Technologies, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, Emcure Pharmaceuticals, Caplin Point Laboratories, TV Today Network, Bharat Electronics, Varun Beverages, Geojit Financial Services, Vakrangee, Godrej Properties, G R Infraprojects, Utkarsh Small Finance Bank, Wipro, and Ceigall India will be in focus on February 27.
Eicher Motors has announced a few key changes to its board, with Managing Director Siddartha Lal being named Executive Chairman as S Sandilya retires after a five-decade career at the automobiles firm.
Net profit is projected to rise 9 percent YoY to Rs 502 crore, while EBITDA margin is expected to remain flat at around 18.3 percent, reflecting stable but unexciting operating performance.
IndusInd Bank Share Price: SEBI has barred five former senior IndusInd Bank officials, including ex-MD &amp; CEO Sumant Kathpalia, for insider trading.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd Q4 FY25: India's largest four-wheeler maker declared its fiscal fourth quarter results today.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,867.60, Bharti Airtel experiences selling pressure amid overall market volatility.
Sharekhan is bullish on Kotak Mahindra Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500 in its research report dated March 26, 2025.
Some of the IndusInd Bank officials were getting updates on demerger, credit approval, stake sale, acquisition, big investments in client companies, and had placed trades on the basis of this information before the news became public.
Trent share price: Motilal Oswal retained its 'Buy' rating on the stock, but reduced its target price to Rs 6,400 apiece.
HDB Financial's unlisted shares have rallied 17.5 percent over the past one year, while galloping 30.8 percent in the past month.
Despite being in deep red, Nifty Bank was the best performer among the sectoral indices.
CEO Erez Israeli has projected double-digit growth for FY26, primarily on the back of semaglutide launches and pipeline progress.
HDFC Life AGM Approves ₹2.10/Share Dividend, Re-appoints Vibha Padalkar
The inspection included both Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) and a Pre-Approval Inspection (PAI)
With the stock currently trading at Rs 580.15, Ambuja Cements is experiencing a downturn in today's session.
While Eternal led the charge by adding Rs 20,217.48 crore in market capitalisation, Swiggy added another Rs 10,373.57 crore in market cap this week, NSE data showed.
The two companies saw gains during a week
when their key rival, Zepto, had a busy week.
Shares of Bosch were trading higher in Friday's session amid high volume.
The frontline indices are expected to see more consolidation with a negative bias in case the 10-day EMA is broken.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
IT stocks, with significant exposure to the US markets, declined 0.6 percent, while the pharma index was down 0.7 percent.
Metal, realty and auto shares are also trading lower
While the capital market regulator has given a preliminary go ahead to the deal, the nod for sponsor approval, due by April 2025, is still pending and may be withheld till there is finality in IndusInd Bank investigations
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,464.50, Infosys has shown a marginal decline in today's session.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on JSW Steel recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1200 in its research report dated July 19, 2025.
ULIPs being market-linked, are inherently volatile and have relatively lower margins and persistency ratios, insurers have said hinting that they  aim to reduce its share further, to achieve a more ‘balanced’ product mix.
HDB Financial IPO: Unlisted shares of the company were trading with a GMP of nearly Rs 103 apiece in the grey market, ahead of listing.
Brokerages largely reiterated their bullishness on IT services giant Infosys, believing that the tech player is best positioned among its large-cap peers.
According to a Moneycontrol poll of nine brokerages, net profit is likely to rise by 0.6 percent to Rs 751 crore for the quarter ended June.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,867.30, Bharti Airtel has seen volatility in today's session.
Eicher Motors Q1 results: Revenue increases 15% to Rs 5,042 crore
Hero MotoCorp said production will be temporarily paused from April 17 to 19, 2025, at four of its manufacturing plants — Dharuhera, Gurugram, Haridwar, and Neemrana
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Eicher Motors has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6100 in its research report dated February 11, 2025.
Axis Securities predicted a bullish outlook for Nifty Bank, as well as the benchmark Nifty 50 index.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 539.85, Ambuja Cements experienced a downturn of 1.4 percent in today's session.
BHEL shares have now extended gains for the second consecutive session, rising over 5 percent since markets closed on March 26.
The stock has risen nearly 23 percent in the past one month.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Maruti Suzuki recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,985 in its research report dated April 26, 2025.
With the current price at Rs 1,358.50, Dr Reddys Laboratories is experiencing notable trading activity and remains an important component of the NIFTY 50 and NIFTY 100 indices.
Emkay Global Financial recommended buy rating on Maruti Suzuki India with a target price of Rs 13,500 in its research report dated April 27, 2025.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 230.20, Bharat Heavy Electricals has seen a notable decrease in today's trading session amid high volume.
JSW Steel reported a decent performance in 4QFY25, supported by strong volume and deflated costs, offsetting the subdued realizations, said Motilal Oswal.
Deven Choksey is bullish on Maruti Suzuki India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 14,312 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded on hopes of another rate cut in August after easing retail inflation which dropped to 2.1% in June.
Gainers &amp; Losers: After opening higher in the green, bulls failed to hold control as bears pounced during the day.
Benchmark indices closed in the red, erasing all losses recorded in the morning.
The insurance firm, which manages more than Rs 40,000 crore in assets, did not detail the size or timing of the IPO but said it will not issue fresh shares
Adani Power to Consider Stock Split on August 1, 2025
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on ICICI Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1600 in its research report dated April 20, 2025.
Hindalco Industries reported a 66 percent year-on-year jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 5,283 crore for the January–March quarter.
ICICI Bank Allots 62,736 Equity Shares Under ESOP Scheme
Business Standard had reported that several senior executives have been asked to resign amid Revlimid-linked margin strain, a claim that has been denied by the company.
The strategic alliance will aim to create a digital ecosystem to offer enterprise digital transformation, and both companies will be co-investing in innovation labs and training programs.
The initiative by Jio BlackRock invites individuals to register their interest in the AMC's digital-first offering, which will offer a preview of the value proposition as well as educational content.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Hindalco Industries recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 770 in its research report dated May 21, 2025.
Candidates asking for higher pay hikes during negotiations after bank's crisis, the report added.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on IndusInd Bank with a target price of Rs 650 in its research report dated May 21, 2025.
IT services firms have noted the elevated macro and geopolitical uncertainty may cause a near-term blip, as clients take a more cautious stance.
The Committee of creditors (CoC) led by Punjab National Bank is likely to join hands with JSW Steel in seeking a review of the Supreme Court's verdict in the Bhushan Power and Steel (BPSL) case.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Ambuja Cements recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 700 in its research report dated July 02, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 308.45, Eternal has demonstrated a notable increase in early trade.
ICICI Securities recommended reduce rating on HCL Technologies with a target price of Rs 1390 in its research report dated April 23, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Hindalco Industries with a target price of Rs 724 in its research report dated May 21, 2025.
Defence stocks: The defence index dropped 2% to 7,662, extending losses for the third consecutive session.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Grasim Industries recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3093 in its research report dated March 19, 2025.
The company's total revenue from operations rose 36 percent to Rs 3,800 crore during the quarter from Rs 2,794 crore in the same period a year ago.
Bank Nifty has now moved below several important moving averages, and recent chart patterns look a bit bearish, but the buy on dips should be the outlook for August, said Rahul Ghose.
Stocks to Watch, 15
Apr: Stocks like NCL Industries, Persistent Systems, Repco Home Finance, JK Cement, Canara Bank, Union Bank of India, and Yatra Online will be in focus on April 15.
The selloff follows a 5 percent fall seen on February 18, when the arbitration was initiated by Ducon Tech.
Nestle India net profit fell more than 13% from the previous year to Rs 647 crore, missing Street expectations.
The share price fell more than 3%.
Avenue Supermarts added nine new stores in Q1FY26, up from six in Q1FY25 but significantly lower than the 28 additions seen in Q4FY25.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,444, Infosys is experiencing bearish sentiment, reflected in its performance as one of the top losers on the Nifty 50.
With the stock price at Rs 5,399.50, ABB India's performance reflects the current market dynamics and investor reactions within the NIFTY NEXT 50 landscape.
Baazar Style, V-Mart and V2 Retail shared strong business updates, sending shares higher, with the positive sentiment rubbing off on other peers like Vishal Mega Mart and DMart as well.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 413.80, ITC is among the top gainers on the Nifty 50 index.
Hero FinCorp IPO | Shahi Exports and RVG Jatropha Plantation are the largest investors amongst them, acquiring Rs 69 crore, and Rs 50 crore worth shares of Hero FinCorp in pre-IPO round, respectively.
Further, Mohan Exports are allotted Rs 25 crore worth shares, and AP Properties Rs 22 crore shares by the company.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 1,544, Infosys is trading slightly lower compared to its previous close.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 336.55, NTPC has shown an increase of 2.06% from its previous close, positioning it as one of the top gainers on the Nifty 50 today.
Aditya Mangla will be taking over from former CEO Rakesh Ranjan, whose departure was first reported by Moneycontrol in April this year.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4144 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
With the stock's current price at Rs 1703.40, HCL Technologies' financial performance indicates a fundamentally strong company, despite today's price decline.
The domestic refinancing comes after Adani Green scrapped its $600 million dollar bond offering in November
Shares of Bharat Heavy Electricals experienced a decline of 4.20% in early trade.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Avenue Supermarts with a target price of Rs 3994 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
With the stock currently trading among the top gainers on the Nifty 50, Larsen &amp; Toubro exhibits strong market presence driven by robust financial performance and active corporate actions.
Rangebound trading is expected to continue in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Higher crude oil prices are a negative for India, which depends heavily on imports for its energy requirements; IT stocks shed 1.8% after Accenture posted a third consecutive quarter of yearly decline in outsourcing orders
Along with the bonus issue of shares, HDFC Bank will also consider a special interim dividend for its shareholders for the ongoing financial year 2026.
L&amp;amp;T Wins Ultra-Mega Order for Hydrocarbon Offshore Business
The PSU Bank index also fell 1.2% to trade at 6,940. Shares of Indian Overseas Bank and UCO Bank led the losses by falling 2.59% and 2.36%, respectively
With today's increase of 2.22%, Avenue Supermarts is currently trading at Rs 4,149.30, underscoring its significance within key market indices.
United Breweries, United Spirits, HUL shares also saw selling pressure
Stocks to watch, 18
June: Stocks like Delhivery, SML Isuzu, Hindustan Zinc, Polycab India, RailTel Corporation of India, Zydus Wellness, Vishal Mega Mart, GMR Airports, BSE, Alembic Pharmaceuticals, and Sammaan Capital will be in focus on June 18.
The market is expected to remain directionless in the upcoming sessions until it decisively breaks the trading range of May 15.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Shares of Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro were trading at Rs 3,620.90 on the NSE, a decline of 0.21% from the previous close, at 9:30 am.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Hero MotoCorp has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5355 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Dr Reddys Laboratories with a target price of Rs 1225 in its research report dated May 12, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on ABB India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6000 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,019.10, HDFC Bank has seen a 0.53% increase from its previous close in today's session.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Bharti Airtel with a target price of Rs 2090 in its research report dated August 06, 2025.
The Bank Nifty index extended its gains from the previous session to hit another fresh record high in trade on June 9, 2025, with Kotak Bank leading the winners.
After a strong seven-day rally, the Nifty and Sensex pulled back on April 24, weighed down by weak earnings from FMCG majors.
According to a Bloomberg report, the government is considering cutting duties on high-end motorcycles in the 705 cc and above category to zero.
Bank
of Baroda holds 64.98 percent stake in the IndiaFirst Life Insurance and has a shareholding of over 98 percent in Nainital Bank.
Stocks to Watch, 16
Apr: Stocks like ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, Swiggy, Tata Consultancy Services, Gensol Engineering, Max India, NHPC, Dabur India, Lemon Tree Hotels, and AGS Transact Technologies will be in focus on April 16.
The total capex for the paints business stands at Rs 9,015 crore, as of December 2024, completing nearly 90 percent of the planned outlay, said Grasim Industries.
JSW Steel Announces Analyst Meet on July 18, 2025, to Discuss Q1 FY26 Results
The market is expected to see further consolidation with a negative bias in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
ACC shares slumped to a fresh 52-week low, dropping 4.76 percent to Rs 1,820.60 on the NSE.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Bajaj Auto with a target price of Rs 8618 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 7: Stocks like Tamilnad Mercantile Bank, NMDC, Jindal Stainless, Sudarshan Pharma Industries, Brigade Enterprises, Rail Vikas Nigam, RITES, Laurus Labs, Bharat Electronics, InterGlobe Aviation, Firstsource Solutions, TCPL Packaging, Avanti Feeds, Campus Activewear, and Balaji Phosphates will be in focus on March 7.
JSW Paints, which has failed to capture a meaningful market share in decorative paints business, is reported to have emerged as the winning bidder for AkzoNobel NV's stake in its India subsidiary, AkzoNobel India, for around Rs 9,000 crore
The company is expecting to have about 15-20 percent of the freshers hired this fiscal year to be 'elite cadre', while it is open to hire more but the focus will be on quality over quantity
The Sensex closed 548 points lower at 77,311.80, with majority of its constituent ending the session in the red.
Hero MotoCorp Q4 results: Revenue from operations rises 4.4 percent on-year to Rs 9,938.65 crore
Though under selling pressure in the share market on July 11, M&amp;M emerged as the largest electric car and SUV player in Indian SUV segment in terms of revenue share during the March quarter, as per JATO data cited by the company.
Rapido has begun onboarding restaurants for the pilot project and is charging a flat commission rate of Rs 25 on all orders below Rs 400, and Rs 50 for orders worth more than Rs 400, as per reports.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,919.30, Bharti Airtel is experiencing a slight decline in today's session.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Nestle with a target price of Rs 2350 in its research report dated April 24, 2025.
Adani Green Energy added 3,309 MW through greenfield projects across Gujarat, Rajasthan, and Andhra Pradesh.
This includes 2,710 MW of solar and 599 MW of wind power plants
Shares of Infosys were trading lower at Rs 1,563.10 on the NSE, a decline of 0.72% in Thursday's session.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,046.30, Tata Consultancy Services has seen a flat movement in today's session.
Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro Limited informed the exchange regarding a press release dated July 21, 2025, titled &quot;L&amp;amp;T Energy GreenTech to Establish India s First Largest Green Hydrogen Plant.
BHEL shares have now extended gains for the fifth consecutive session.
The stock has now strongly recovered after hitting a 52-week low of Rs 176 per share on March 3.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Mahindra and Mahindra recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3643 in its research report dated July 14, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded on hopes of softer US trade stance towards India after reports of potential meet between US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Nestle India with a target price of Rs 2559 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty surged over 5 percent in six sessions.
Meanwhile, analysts believe the rally’s sustainability would depend on upcoming macroeconomic data, corporate earnings for Q4 and global developments, particularly reciprocal US tariffs.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,020.20, Tata Consultancy Services witnessed a minor decline from its previous close.
The market is expected to continue consolidating within last Friday's trading range.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on HDFC Life Insurance has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 775 in its research report dated April 18, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on JSW Steel with a target price of Rs 1068 in its research report dated May 24, 2025.
Citi Research maintained its 'Sell' rating on the stock, with a target price of Rs 3,350 per share.
Bank of Baroda has explicitly stated that 'the functioning of the branches and offices may be affected' if the strike materializes
Foreign funds trim stake amid fears of overheating; domestic investors chase growth narrative
Bharat Heavy Electricals (BHEL) said its net loss more than doubled to Rs 455.50 crore in the June quarter mainly due to higher expenses, compared to a net loss of Rs 211.40 crore a year ago.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended Accumulate rating on Eicher Motors with a target price of Rs 5764 in its research report dated February 11, 2025.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates very bearish sentiment on the stock as of 2025-08-08.
The IT index jumped 4%, contributing more than half of the benchmark index's gains.
Indian IT companies get a substantial chunk of revenue from the US.
Royal Enfield is on track to achieve its highest-ever volumes in FY26, as a result of acceleration in volume growth, leading brokerages to remain bullish on parent Eicher Motors.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on HCL Technologies with a target price of Rs 1550 in its research report dated July 15, 2025.
The firm is targetting a post-money valuation of around $7.2 bn (around Rs 62,000 crore) at the higher end of the price band, Moneycontrol had reported earlier.
With the last traded price at Rs 4246.90, Avenue Supermarts' stock reflects a 2.05% decrease in today's session.
Shares of Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro were trading higher at Rs 3,485.10 in Monday's session.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,422.80, Infosys experienced negative sentiment during the trading session.
With the stock's price at Rs 1,016.40 in morning trade, Adani Green Energy Limited is reflecting positive investor sentiment and is among the gainers on the Nifty Next 50 index.
The FMCG sector's defensive nature and domestic demand makes it an attractive bet for investors amid times of uncertainties, especially at a time when the markets are turning volatile owing to US President Trump's reciprocal tariffs.
BHEL's Bhopal plant is among the oldest heavy electrical equipment manufacturing plants in the country.
With a last traded price of Rs 1,948.10, HDFC Bank stock reflects significant trading volumes
In June 2023, the ministry of corporate affairs ordered an investigation against Hero MotoCorp to look into allegations of fund diversion and corporate governance violations
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HDFC Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2300 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
With ABB India's shares currently trading at Rs 6155.50, the company's stock performance and financial health remain closely watched by investors.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,488.50, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro reflects a marginal decrease in the morning session.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,991.60, HDFC Bank has seen positive movement in today's session.
CNBC-Awaaz reported that Antfin will sell 18.84 crore shares of the delivery tech company and floor price has been fixed Rs 285 apiece
Jio Financial reports consolidated revenue from operations of Rs 612 crore for Q1FY26
Eleven of the 13 major sectoral indices were in the red.
The Nifty Metal index was the biggest laggard, down 1.64 percent
The latest price stands at Rs 1282.90, reflecting the market's response to these factors.
Stocks to Watch, 20
May: Stocks like CMS Info Systems, GMR Power and Urban Infra, New India Assurance Company, Marksans Pharma, Ami Organics, Bharat Bijlee, Le Travenues Technology, Mangalam Organics, Integrity Infrabuild Developers, Power Grid Corporation of India, Bharat Electronics, DLF, ACME Solar Holdings, Borosil, Petronet LNG, and DOMS Industries will be in focus on May 20.
Sensex, Nifty rebounded on Wednesday, adding nearly Rs 4 lakh crore in investor wealth amid gains across sectors and positive cues from Asian markets.
The three-day maiden offer attracted investments from over 90 institutional investors and from more than 67,000 retail investors, Jio BlackRock said in a statement.
Ambuja Cements Q1 Results: The firm’s revenue from operations also rose over 23 percent to Rs 10,244 crore in Q1 FY26.
The cement company had earlier reported revenue from operations at Rs 8,292 crore in Q1 FY25.
Power Grid Corporation of India's stock is currently trading at Rs 283.00, investors are closely monitoring its performance amidst a bearish sentiment.
HDFC Bank to Consider Special Interim Dividend and Bonus Issue on July 19
Eternal, which owns the Zomato and Blinkit brands, reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 25 crore for the quarter ended June, aided by strong growth in its quick commerce arm.
Despite the decline in share price, Maruti Suzuki India's financial performance showcases its position in the automotive market.
Notably, this one-day loss in Tesla stocks is higher than the combined valuation of Indian automakers Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors and Mahindra &amp; Mahindra
ICICI Securities is bullish on Adani Power has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 669 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
The rally in the stock prices pushed Nifty Metal up by nearly 3 percent to 8,918, extending gains for the fourth consecutive session.
Emkay Global Financial recommended reduce rating on Kotak Mahindra Bank with a target price of Rs 1950 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
Nestlé India Board Approves 1:1 Bonus Share Issue
Coal India Allows Power Sale in Exchanges from August 1, 2025
Maharashtra's decision to increase motor tax levied on compressed natural gas (CNG) four wheelers by a percent has weighed on shares of car companies and Mahanagar Gas.
Deven Choksey is bullish on Infosys has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1830 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
Shares of ITC were trading at Rs 414 on the NSE, a gain of 0.5% from the previous close, with nearly 20 lakh shares traded.
Short term
consolidation in Nifty 50 is possible, but it is best to use dips as buying opportunity for move to 24,200 over near term.
Sensex, Nifty recouped most of their losses amid exemption of pharmaceutical products from new US reciprocal tariffs and India’s relatively lower tariff burden
In conclusion, Bosch shares experienced a notable rise in today's trading session, reflecting positive investor sentiment.
HDB Financial IPO GMP: SBI Securities, LKP Securities, Deven Choksey and several other analysts have a 'subscribe' rating for the Rs 12,500-crore public issue.
&quot;While the bulls seem to hold the current momentum, intraday volatility and profit booking near resistance zones remain likely.
Traders are advised to remain cautious near upper resistance levels and consider buying on dips toward key support zones,&quot; said Mandar Bhojane, Research Analyst at Choice Broking.
With the stock currently trading flat, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro showcases a stable position in today's session, balanced by recent order acquisitions and long-term financial growth.
Over the last decade, Nestle India's revenue saw a CAGR of 10.3% while profit from operations grew by 13.5%, and the market capitalization rose by 3.9 times, said the chairman, adding that the company is no longer seen as an urban only player.
Stocks to watch, 4
June: Stocks like Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Zydus Lifesciences, Techno Electric &amp; Engineering Company, R Systems International, NMDC, Tata Technologies, Indegene, Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail, Alkem Laboratories, HDFC Bank, Wipro, Servotech Renewable Power Systems, and Scoda Tubes will be in focus on June 4.
Sensex, Nifty declined amid investor caution as India and the US race to finalise a bilateral trade pact ahead of the July 9 deadline.
Stocks to watch, 14
July: Stocks like Avenue Supermarts, NCC, Kolte-Patil Developers, VIP Industries, Sula Vineyards, Wockhardt, Akzo Nobel India, Gland Pharma, and Travel Food Services will be in focus on July 14.
Macquarie, in its latest note, downgraded Kotak Mahindra Bank to ‘neutral’ but raised the target price to Rs 2,300.
Kotak Mahindra Bank shares came under pressure as it reported a miss on key performance metrics, and deterioration in asset quality further weighed on sentiment
The market is expected to remain in consolidation mode until it gives a decisive close above short-term moving averages.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Sharp inflation in coffee, cocoa, cereals, dairy, and edible oils is likely to impact Nestle India's margins in the March quarter earnings show.
HDFC Life Q4 results: The net premium income of the insurer came in at Rs 23,766 crore, up 16 percent from Rs 20,488 crore in the year-ago quarter
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,631.10, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro has seen a marginal rise from its previous close.
Ashok Hinduja said coordinated efforts of current management under the guidance and monitoring of the Board and other stakeholders have ensured that the lender's business remains healthy, with robust capital adequacy.
HDB Financial IPO: Experts recommended that allotted investors may hold the stock for a medium to long-term horizon as the company offers significant room for growth.
Nuvama said that BSE has zero probability of being included in the Nifty 50 in the September 2025 review, no chance of joining Nifty Next 50 either.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Eternal recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 330 in its research report dated July 21, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on HDFC Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2150 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
Infosys' stock was trading at Rs 1,557.70, a decrease of 1.07% in today's session.
Sharekhan is bullish on Power Grid Corporation of India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 350 in its research report dated April 01, 2025.
Mahindra &amp;amp; Mahindra Board Meeting Preponed to July 30, 2025
The FIR filed by Lilavati Medical Trust had accused Jagdishan of accepting a bribe of Rs 2.05 crore from erstwhile trustee Chetan Mehta, for giving him financial advice and helping him to retain control over the Trust's governance.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Avenue Supermarts with a target price of Rs 3975 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bajaj Holdings and Investment has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 14,346 in its research report dated March 18, 2025.
The increase in competitive intensity has eroded the pricing power of QSR brands, said BNP Paribas' Kunal Vora, adding that the ability to hike prices and improve margins has thinned down due to the resurgence of smaller chains or unorganized restaurants.
In the broader market, the small-cap index rose over half a percent, whereas the mid-cap index closed flat.
Deven Choksey is bearish on Dr Reddys Laboratories has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1120 in its research report dated July 29, 2025.
Infosys Q1 FY26 Net Profit at ₹6,921 Crore, Up 8.6% YoY
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on IndusInd Bank with a target price of Rs 780 in its research report dated May 22, 2025.
The recalibrated outlook on SBI and BoB reflects a nuanced view by UBS of the public sector banking space, highlighting both challenges and potential catalysts for growth.
HCLTech to Announce Q1 FY26 Results on July 14, Host Conference Call
FMCG stocks: The fall
in the defensive stocks comes amid an overall downturn in the market, with benchmark indices recording sharp fall.
Canara Robeco AMC IPO | Canara Bank plans to sell 2.59 crore equity shares
via OFS and ORIX Corporation NV (previously known as Robeco Groep NV) will be selling 2.39 crore shares.
Anand Rathi is bullish on Hindalco Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 800 in its research report dated April 02, 2025.
Neville Noronha, CEO &amp; Managing Director, Avenue Supermarts Limited, said, 'Our revenue in Q4 FY25 grew by 16.7% over the previous year.
Profit after tax (PAT) before prior period adjustments declined by 3.4% over the previous year
and was not in line with sales growth'
The market may see some consolidation after the recent significant run-up. Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,506.90, Infosys shows an intraday low of Rs 1,496.10 in today's session.
Anand Rathi is bullish on Maruti Suzuki has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,350 in its research report dated April 27, 2025.
Tariffs are expected to make investors move away from export-sensitive stocks, including IT and pharma
India’s overall power generation declined 2% year-on-year in Q1FY26, mainly due to lower output from conventional sources.
By 2030-31, Maruti Suzuki targets to increase overall solar capacity to 319 megawatt peak at an investment of Rs 925 crore
Asit C Mehta recommended accumulate rating on Adani Power with a target price of Rs 680 in its research report dated May 21 2025.
The exemption applies broadly to all pharmaceutical products, ensuring that the drugmakers avoid immediate cost pressures
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,492.10, Infosys has seen a decrease from its previous close, reflecting the current market dynamics.
In July 2023, Jio Financial and US-based BlackRock had announced a 50:50 joint venture aimed at entering India’s asset management sector with a digital-first model.
Sensex, Nifty declined on rising US bond market volatility which drove much of the selling pressure in Wall Street.
Concerns around America’s fiscal health also spooked the investors.
At 12:35 pm, Avenue Supermarts stock is showing positive movement with a volume surge.
On the B2B side, the company had said that Birla Pivot—the full-scale B2B e-commerce platform for building materials— continues to grow in-line with its plan and remains on track to achieve revenue of $1billion in three years as announced in FY24.
Shares of Adani Green Energy Limited gained 2.10% in Monday's early trading session.
The US FDA on June 18 gave its nod to Yeztugo, which can prove to be turning point in the battle against HIV but its high price and access remains a concern
Grasim Industries-owned Birla Opus paints' CEO Rakshit Hargave said that the business aims to finish FY25 with a high single-digit market share in the decorative paints business, while its first year in the business has turned out &quot;more or less&quot; on how it was envisaged
India Inc.’s March-quarter earnings drew mixed reactions, with Motilal Oswal citing broad-based beats and Emkay Global calling the performance largely in-line. W
Eternal shares slipped on Thursday after a Rs 5,624 crore block deal took place on the bourses, with Antfin likely fully exiting its stake.
Industry experts said emerging opportunities for Indian exporters after the UK FTA, along with a growing domestic demand could ensure continued momentum in shares of renewable sector companies, despite elevated valuations.
With Bajaj Holdings share price at Rs 13773.00, the stock has demonstrated significant activity, reflecting its importance within the NIFTY NEXT 50, NIFTY 100, and Nifty LargeMidcap 250 indices.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Bharti Airtel with a target price of Rs 1960 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Stocks To Watch, Feb 14: Stocks like Kalpataru Projects, Hindustan Construction Company, Nirlon, Nazara Technologies, Deepak Nitrite, Allcargo Logistics, R Systems International, Manappuram Finance, Titagarh Rail Systems, Carborundum Universal, Gujarat Pipavav Port, UltraTech Cement, and Mahindra Lifespace will be in focus on February 14.
Stocks to Watch, 22
May: Stocks like NBCC (India), Jindal Poly Films,Hindustan Zinc,Data Patterns (India), Zinka Logistics Solutions, KPR Mill, Aarti Industries, Birlasoft, Hindustan Copper, Gallantt Ispat, Geojit Financial Services, Teamlease Services, Mankind Pharma, Astral, GMM Pfaudler, Rail Vikas Nigam, IRCON International, VA Tech Wabag, and Oil India will be in focus on May 22.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,672.90, HCL Technologies has seen a decline of 2.06% in today's session.
Bharat Heavy Electricals Share Price | BHEL shall be the main (lead) bidder to the identified customers for addressing the compressors train revamp business opportunities in fertiliser sector in India and Nuovo Pignone International will be nominated vendor to BHEL through the subject MoU with definite scope of work.
HDFC Bank Opens Special Window for Physical Share Transfer Re-lodgement
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Ambuja Cements has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 730 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty extended their losing streak for the fourth consecutive session on February 10, as fresh concerns over US tariff policies weighed on investor sentiment.
Hindustan Unilever absorbed most of the price inflation in tea, keeping the product affordable and thereby supporting volume gains.
However, now, the company sees price vs cost gap to narrow in the coming quarters
LKP Research recommended reduce rating on IndusInd Bank with a target price of Rs 737 in its research report dated May 23, 2025.
Adani Power Q4 results: Revenue rises 6.5% to Rs 14,237 crore.
The company generated 102.2 billion units in FY25, up 19.5% from the previous year
Shares of Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro were trading higher in Tuesday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 3,654.40, a 0.64% increase from its previous close as of 3:15 pm.
The banks' auditors too will also need to do a lot of explaining, said Abizer Diwanji, on how the internal controls failed to spot the 'unsubstantiated balances' in its other assets account.
Bank of Baroda reported a net profit of Rs 4,837 crore for the third quarter ended December 31, 2024.
The consolidated profit was 5.6 percent higher than Rs 4,579 crore recorded in the October-December quarter of the previous year.
JFSL has been allotted 1,73,77,412 equity shares of Rs 10 each of Jio Finance Limited
HDFC Securities said that the Indian PSU banking sector, once considered structurally broken, is experiencing early signs of a secular turnaround.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a very bullish sentiment for Bosch stock.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a very bullish sentiment for the stock.
ICICI Bank Allots 71,031 Equity Shares Under ESOP Scheme
Sharekhan is bullish on HDFC Life Insurance Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 870 in its research report dated March 04, 2025.
Adani Green Energy Limited is moved by -2.08
ICICI Securities is bullish on Bharat Heavy Electricals has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 324 in its research report dated May 18, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Hindalco Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 770 in its research report dated May 13, 2025.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Eicher Motors with a target price of Rs 5600 in its research report dated May 15, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,870.70, Bharti Airtel has experienced a decrease of 2.7% in today's session.
LKP Research recommended Neutral rating on Bajaj Auto with a target price of Rs 8561 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Eicher Motors Q4 results: Royal Enfield-maker's revenue from operations rose 23% YoY to Rs 5,150 crore.
Stocks to watch, 12, June: Stocks like Cyient, ICICI Bank, Maruti Suzuki India, Canara Bank, Kellton Tech Solutions, GMM Pfaudler, Titagarh Rail Systems, Zydus Lifesciences, CE Info Systems Nazara Technologies, Sterlite Technologies, HG Infra Engineering, Hindustan Copper, and Angel One will be in focus on June 12.
Adani Energy Solutions has signed a share purchase agreement with Maharatna PSU REC's subsidiary to acquire 100 percent stake in Mahan Transmission Limited (MTL).
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Avenue Supermarts with a target price of Rs 3923 in its research report dated July 12, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Bank of Baroda has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 275 in its research report dated May 07, 2025.
D-mart's total store count as on date stands at 426, the company said, adding 11 stores during the June quarter.
The top court’s order came in response to a plea filed by investor Manu Rishi Gupta, who had challenged the fairness of the share valuation
The company's management also noted that Birla Opus has reached a &quot;high-single digit&quot; market share in the paints segment, and has touched 10 percent including the group's wall putty business
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,582.70, Infosys experienced flat movement following a change in the last hour of trading.
L&amp;amp;T Secures Large EPC Contract from Hindustan Zinc for Minerals &amp;amp; Metals Business
With the stock currently priced at Rs 3,636.50, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro saw a day's high of Rs 3,649 in today's session.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,633.30, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro is currently trading lower in Friday's session.
Brokerages' mixed review on Dr Reddy's higher than estimated earnings performance; cautiousness suggests recalibration of near-term expectations
Jefferies remains optimistic on HDFC Bank, stating the lender is among its top picks in the banking sector.
Co-founders Tarun Mehta and Swapnil Jain each hold a 6.81 percent stake, amounting to 2.06 crore
shares.
Their average acquisition price is estimated at Rs 43.27 per share, and their respective holdings post price band valued at roughly Rs 659 crore.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 110.87, Canara Bank has shown a positive movement in today's session.
Maruti Suzuki Q1 results: Revenue rises 8%
With the stock currently trading at Rs 559.75, Adani Power's performance is closely watched by investors, especially considering its position in key indices such as NIFTY NEXT 50 and NIFTY 100.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,465, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro has experienced a dip during today’s trading session.
This comes amid a lower market sentiment, with most of the sectoral indices standing in the red.
Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro shares witnessed a gain in today's trading session, accompanied by substantial trading volume, and the company has demonstrated consistent financial growth and shareholder returns through dividends and bonus issues.
Technical charts suggests that while the overall trend in Bank Nifty remains sideways to bullish, a period of consolidation over the next few sessions is likely.
Key support levels to watch are 55,000 and 54,400, said Rahul Sharma of JM Financial.
Nestle India share price: Elevated consumption prices across the commodity portfolio impacted the FMCG company's earnings in Q1, said Chairman and MD Suresh Narayanan.
Shares of Bharat Heavy Electricals are currently trading at Rs 243.22, reflecting the day's price movement.
Motilal Oswal said irrespective of sectoral challenges like asset quality issues, systemic growth moderation, liability accretion, ICICI Bank has always delivered a stellar performance.
US President Donald Trump had requested the Commerce Department to investigate into potential copper tariffs in February, 2025.
The market is expected to continue its northward journey.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Sensex, Nifty advanced for second straight session on expectations of an interest rate cut by RBI and fresh foreign fund inflows.
Bajaj said the company is now sourcing Low Rare Earth (LRE) magnets
from China, which it is also trying to source from other suppliers too, while working on solutions without involving rare earth magnets.
On June 5, the insurance behemoth announced that the company's current executive director Ramakrishnan Chander has taken charge as its Chief Investment Officer
Sharekhan is bullish on Bank of Baroda has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 260 in its research report dated May 13, 2025.
Deven Choksey recommended hold rating on IndusInd Bank with a target price of Rs 818 in its research report dated May 26, 2025.
In terms of key levels, the zone of 24,950–25,000 will act as an immediate resistance for Nifty 50.
A decisive close above 25,000 could unlock further upside towards 25,300 and eventually 25,500 in the short term, said Sudeep Shah.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Canara Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 120 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
BHEL Q4 results: Revenue jumps 9% to Rs 8,993 crore
India’s largest two-wheeler maker is aiming to outpace the industry’s projected 6–7 percent growth this fiscal, buoyed by robust rural demand, signs of recovery in the entry-level segment, and fresh momentum in the 125cc motorcycle lineup.
While IndusInd Bank has said that all known discrepancies have now been accounted for, and auditors have combed through its financials extensively, analysts and the market remain wary.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a very bullish sentiment for Ambuja Cements as of July 22, 2025.
Tata Consultancy Services shares were trading flat in Friday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 3,041.10.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,462.40, Infosys has seen some volatility in today's session.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,911.40, Bharti Airtel is currently among the top losers on Nifty 50.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 579.05, Adani Power has shown a positive movement in today's session.
Going ahead, the current chart structure indicates that the Nifty 50 may continue its consolidation for the next couple of sessions before picking its next direction, said Sudeep Shah.
3M India posted a 60 percent drop in net profit to Rs 71 crore for Q4FY25.
Its revenue from operations rose 9 percent to Rs 1,198 crore compared to the same quarter last year.
The company said the purchase will be undertaken through its stepdown wholly owned unit Aditya Holdings
IndusInd Bank Share Price: Jefferies maintained its 'buy' rating while Morgan Stanley reaffirmed its 'underweight' call on the bank.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Nestle India with a target price of Rs 2392 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
ICICI Bank Q1 FY26 Results: Net profit jumps 15% year-on-year, beating analyst expectations.
Board approves acquisition of 100% shareholding in ICICI Prudential Pension Funds.
Sensex, Nifty trading higher as investors took some comfort from the absence of any immediate escalation in the Iran-Israel conflict.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 631.70, Adani Total Gas has seen a decline in today's session.
The market is likely to remain rangebound with focus on the Iran-Israel conflict.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Volume and value growth for consumer staples companies is likely to be weak for the next few quarters, as urban demand remains muted, weighing on sales.
Nifty reclaimed the crucial 25,000-mark after 141 trading sessions for the first time since October 17, 2024, adding a market cap of Rs 4.72 lakh crore on Thursday.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,426.80, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro is experiencing bearish sentiment in today's session, despite the company's strong financial performance in recent years.
ITC shares were trading at Rs 414.05 on the NSE, a marginal gain of 0.11% in today's session.
In the April–June quarter, the bank’s current account deposits declined by 30.57 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 54,045 crore, down from Rs 77,841 crore in Q4 FY25, according to the investor presentation.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 1,554.00, Infosys saw a decline of 1.30% from its previous close in today's session.
LKP Research is bullish on Bank of Baroda has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 253 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on BHEL with a target price of Rs 237 in its research report dated May 20, 2025.
With the stock's price showing a rise in today's session, Bosch is currently trading at Rs 36,940.00.
Overall, Infosys shows a positive financial trend with increasing revenue, net profit, and EPS.
The company's strong balance sheet and cash flow, combined with consistent dividend payouts and strategic corporate actions, reflect its stability and growth potential.
This is first earnings report by the bank after it uncovered accounting discrepancies, and under scrutiny due to multiple audits and top-level resignations.
The market is expected to trade with a positive bias, albeit within a likely rangebound zone.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
With a current price of Rs 1,344.60, Dr Reddys Laboratories stock reflects a positive market movement and a very bullish investor sentiment.
The decline in share price occurs amidst very bullish moneycontrol sentiment as of 2025-05-26.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HDFC Life Insurance recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 910 in its research report dated July 15, 2025.
The company said its large orders were impacted by 'subdued market conditions', and the base order segment grew by 5 percent on year, during the June quarter.
Adani Power Share Price | The company will supply power at a highly competitive tariff of Rs 5.383 per unit from a greenfield 2x800 MW (1500 MW net) Ultra-supercritical power plant to be set up under the design, build, finance, own, and operate (DBFOO) model in the state.
Stocks To Watch, Feb 18: Stocks like Uno Minda, Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation, SBI Cards and Payment Services, GMR Airports, Allcargo Terminals, Suraksha Diagnostic, Anant Raj, Karnataka Bank ,Transformers and Rectifiers India, Vikas Lifecare, Ajax Engineering, Nazara Technologies, and TVS Supply Chain Solutions will be in focus on February 18.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 5,585, Eicher Motors shows a positive move in today's early trading session.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Bosch with a target price of Rs 35967 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
There is possibility that Nifty can consolidate in between 22,250-22,877 levels in this week.
A breach below 22,250 might signal again resumption of down move for possible retest off 21,800 levels, said Ashish Kyal.
AGEL currently has an operating renewable portfolio of 12.2 GW, the largest in India, spread across 12 states.
The company has set a target of achieving 50 GW by 2030.
The revenue for the quarter-ending March 2025 increased to Rs 42,599.31 Crore compared to Rs 35,451.73 Crore for the quarter-ending March 2024
BofA said that it favours rate-sensitive domestic cyclicals such as financials and autos, expecting RBI rate cuts to boost economic and credit growth.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Nestle India with a target price of Rs 2400 in its research report dated August 03, 2025.
Stocks to watch, 25
June: Stocks like BLS E-Services, JB Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals, Aurobindo Pharma, Timex Group India, Infosys, Hindalco Industries, Bajel Projects, Arisinfra Solutions, RITES, and PTC Industries will be in focus on June 25.
Infosys has deployed over 300 AI agents across business operations and internal IP, reporting productivity gains in the range of 5-15 percent across client programs.
With the stock's current rise, Avenue Supermarts is reflecting positive investor interest.
VNB saw a growth of 12.7 percent
YoY and a 2-year CAGR of 15 percent
with new business margins improving to 25.1 percent.
Stocks to Watch, 24
Jun: Stocks like Biocon, Enviro Infra Engineers, HG Infra Engineering, Garware Technical Fibres, Metro Brands, Saurashtra Cement, Devyani International, JSW Energy, Sona BLW Precision Forgings, Allcargo Logistics, Dixon Technologies, Kerala Ayurveda, and Eppeltone Engineers will be focus on June 24.
The consolidated revenue increased marginally year-on-year to Rs 43,497 crore, with capacity utilisation for the quarter being 87 percent for the quarter
Ashish Kyal is expecting July series to be in positive for Bank NIfty as long as 56,600 remains protected on the downside for a move to 59,000 levels.
Mahindra Auto Sells 49,871 SUVs, Total Volumes Up 26% in July 2025
Considering the current chart structure, weak momentum, and cautious global sentiment, it seems the bears are likely to retain control on the Nifty 50 in the coming sessions.
Customers will be able to leverage their investments like shares and mutual funds to avail loans of up to Rs 1 crore in just 10 minutes through the Jio Finance App.
Brokerages cut their target price on Maruti Suzuku as the auto firm's Q4 numbers were a miss, prompting tepid FY2026 expectations and margin headwinds.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,278.60, Dr Reddys Laboratories is experiencing a positive trading session with notable volume surge.
This comes despite a tepid market
sentiment prevailing in the overall market.
Sensex rose 300 points to stand at around 80,861, while Nifty 50 was up 0.5 percent to hover around 24,487.
Titan Q1 results: Revenue rises 21% to Rs 14,564 crore
Sensex, Nifty declined in early trade as traders await cues from Powell’s address and global trends to gauge the near-term direction.
Metal, realty stocks: Weaker US dollar, no repo rate cut from RBI and poor earnings by some of the players further fuelled the downturn in the sector.
On April 8, all the 20 constituents of Nifty Financial Services settled in the green, with most of the them ending the session near the day's high
Revenue of the company increased 11.4 percent to Rs 8,545 crore for the period
under review as against Rs 7,672.7 crore in the year-ago period.
At 1:50 pm, Infosys was trading at Rs 1,583.10, reflecting the stock's intraday movement.
The poll on earnings estimates based on four brokerages said the government-owned company is expected to report a 4.5 percent on-year profit growth at Rs 4,313 crore due to steady demand for power transmission.
The Centre further trimmed its priority gas allocation to MGL, Indraprastha Gas and Adani Total Gas, sending the stock prices of the firms tumbling.
The benchmark Nifty 50 may rebound in the upcoming session, but the 'sell on rally' strategy continues given the prevailing bearish sentiment.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
The bank will offer a specialised current account product with no quarterly average balance requirement, making it easier for startups to manage their finances
ICICI Securities is bullish on ABB India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6,400 in its research report dated May 09, 2025.
With the share price at Rs 1,530, Infosys reflects a bearish sentiment in today's trading session.
Deven Choksey recommended hold rating on Jio Financial Services with a target price of Rs 325 in its research report dated July 28, 2025.
The rally in the bank stocks pushed the Nifty Bank index up by over a percent to cross 49,000 mark for the first time after two weeks.
Sharekhan is bullish on Grasim Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2950 in its research report dated May 27, 2025.
Power Gird Corp has suggested at paying out lower dividend for FY26, reflecting the company’s increased capital requirement.
Sensex, Nifty surged on Monday on buying in banking heavyweights ICICI Bank
and HDFC Bank.
The frontline indices are expected to continue trading within the previous week's range.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Titan share price: The company posted a stellar Q1FY26 performance, with profit up 52.5 percent
year-on-year and revenue surging 24.6 percent.
Strong jewellery and watches sales, coupled with margin expansion, prompted several brokerages to raise their target prices.
The stock’s last traded price was Rs 1,094.50, which represents a decrease from its previous close.
Euler Motors has a presence in 30 cities in India and is engaged in the designing, manufacturing and sale &amp; service of electric three-wheelers.
Goldman Sachs stated that IndusInd Bank now appears to have a structurally weaker franchise, with Return on Assets (ROAs) expected to reset lower going forward
The Nifty PSU Bank index is currently the top gaining sector among NSE indices, supporting gains on Sensex and Nifty, which are higher after a muted start.
Bank of Baroda was the top gainer on the index with Citi maintaining a Buy rating and opening a 'positive catalyst watch' on the stock.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on ABB India recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6700 in its research report dated April 15, 2025.
Shares of Avenue Supermarts are currently trading lower.
The benchmark index is expected to be rangebound, with support at Wednesday's low.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Hindustan Unilever shares experienced a decline of 0.73% in Thursday's trading session, with the stock price at Rs 2,517.20.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 1,587.20, HCL Technologies has seen a decline in early trade.
Nestle India Q4 results: Revenue rises 4% to Rs 5,504 crore
Adani Power Q1 FY26 PAT Down 15.5% YoY to ₹3,305 Crore.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Mahindra and Mahindra has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3687 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
Zomato's parent, Eternal, has also proposed a new visibility assurance plan for brands where they can pay around Rs 6,000-6,500 each month, for each restaurant identification (RID), and boost rider availability for their business, sources told Moneycontrol.
Nifty Smallcap index has now surged over 5 percent
this week so far, while Nifty Midcap index gained over 4.8 percent.
This comes as easing India-Pakistan tensions and cooling of the trade war between US and China among other factors were positively welcomed by the market.
HDFC Bank Sets June 27 as Record Date for FY25 Dividend
The management noted its continued control over BPSL, in response to investors' questions on whether the Union government's Enforcement Directorate (ED) may seek to attach part of BPSL's assets
Novelis derives about 60 percent of its product mix from beverage packaging, with the remainder spread across automotive, aerospace, and electronics sectors.
JSW Steel Q1 FY26 Net Profit at ₹2,209 Crore, Up 14% YoY
Metal sector has witnessed sharp volatility over the past three weeks, largely driven by the ongoing tariff tensions between the US and China.
HUL, M&amp;M, Hero MotoCorp, Dabur, Rallis India, Chambal Fertilisers should see traction, according to experts
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on ABB India with a target price of Rs 5600 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
LIC Boosts Dr. Reddy's Stake to 8.216% via Market Purchase
The stock's last traded price was Rs 1,523.90.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,477.50, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro reflects a marginal downturn and traded volume of over 10.8 lakh shares on the NSE.
The court has allowed the request by petitioners to hold open court hearings in the matter, slated at 3:00 pm on Thursday.
The acceptance of JSW and lenders' prayers is being seen as an important relief for the company.
Shares of Swiggy Ltd. climbed 20% last month, topping the NSE Nifty 100 Index, while Eternal Ltd. advanced 11%
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended Hold rating on Dr Reddys Laboratories with a target price of Rs 1270 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 414.55, ITC has shown a marginal increase in today's session and is among the top gainers on Nifty 50.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Canara Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 135 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
Broader markets also saw a significant recovery, outperforming the benchmark indices.
The Nifty Midcap index has so far surged nearly 10 percent
to hover around 52,520. The Nifty Smallcap index, meanwhile, jumped nearly 12 percent.
HDFC Bank guided that it would accelerate growth in the second half of FY26, in line with the system, and outpace the system growth in FY27.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,505.60, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro reflects a slight increase from its previous close.
With Grasim Industries' shares currently trading at Rs 2727.30, the company's stock performance today reflects a notable increase driven by high volume, amid existing bearish sentiments.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Hero MotoCorp has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4,761 in its research report dated May 14, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Hindalco Industries recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 765 in its research report dated April 02, 2025.
With the exit of Ekambaram from the bank, it is a total change of guards from the leadership perspective
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on BHEL with a target price of Rs 215 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
ABFRL, Adani Total Gas, CESC, Granules India, IRB Infra, Jindal Stainless, Poonawalla Fincorp, and SJVN are the eight stocks that will be removed,
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a bullish sentiment on the stock as of August 8, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 5
August: Stocks like One 97 Communications Paytm, Aurobindo Pharma, Aditya Infotech, Laxmi India Finance, DLF, Siemens Energy, Inox India, Godfrey Phillips, and Azad Engineering will be in focus on August 5.
Sharekhan is bullish on HCL Technologies has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1850 in its research report dated July 14, 2025.
The asset manager has applied to the market regulator to launch eight funds, the report said
Sensex, Nifty snapped their 7-day run on Wednesday and declined over a percent as investors resorted to profit booking amid lack of clarity on US tariff policies and rising crude oil prices to three-week high.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Nestle India with a target price of Rs 2400 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
The market might rebound in the upcoming sessions after a correction in the previous week, but there are doubts over the sustainability of the upmove.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,796.00, Grasim Industries is experiencing a surge in trading volume during today's session.
Reliance Industries Sets August 14, 2025 as Dividend Record Date
Mirae Asset Sharekhan is bullish on NTPC has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 398 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
M&amp;M Q1 results: Revenue rises 26% to Rs 34,143 crore
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Ambuja Cements recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 620 in its research report dated April 29, 2025.
Metal index constituents continued to trade under selling pressure for the second straight day amid profit-taking. This comes after 5 session rise last week.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 36,150, Bosch is showing positive momentum in today's trading session amid volume surge and bullish sentiment.
ICICI Securities is bullish on HDFC Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2350 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty surged on hopes of a bilateral trade agreement (BTA) between India and the United States, before the end of the 90-day tariff pause, set to expire on July 9.
For Nifty, the zone of 22,600-22,550 will act as immediate support for the index.
If the index
slips below the level
of 22,550, then we may witness a further correction upto the level
of 22,250 level.
On the upside, the zone of 23,050-23,100 will act as a crucial hurdle for the index, said Sudeep Shah.
With the stock currently trading flat, Infosys continues to be a key player in the IT sector, with steady financial performance and strategic corporate actions.
Bulls are expected to maintain tight control over Dalal Street, despite the possibility of intermittent consolidation.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
For FY26, the capex will be in the range of about Rs 28,000-30,000 crore, up from Rs 20,000 crore
as previously planned.
For FY27, the Capex will be Rs 35,000 crore, instead of Rs 20,000 crore.
Despite such a big transaction, Eternal shares closed the session higher at Rs 301.75, up nearly a percent amid higher volumes.
Sensex and Nifty slipped in early trade on Thursday, tracking weak global cues after US President Donald Trump imposed 26 per cent reciprocal tariffs on about 60 countries, including India.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 937.75, Adani Green Energy Limited has seen a decrease from its previous close.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Power Grid Corporation of India recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 361 in its research report dated May 22, 2025.
On June 19, Nestle India's shares on BSE closed 1.1% lower at Rs 2,313 apiece
The combination of RBI’s rate cut, strong technical breakouts, and sector leadership puts banking stocks, particularly HDFC Bank and IDFC First Bank, in a sweet spot.
Sharekhan is bullish on Bank of Baroda has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 275 in its research report dated July 25, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 20
June: Stocks like Brigade Enterprises, TD Power Systems, JSW Infrastructure, Biocon, United Spirits, Can Fin Homes, Container Corporation of India, Sai Life Sciences, Kaynes Technology India, GMM Pfaudler, Axiscades Technologies, ITD Cementation India, Natco Pharma, and Le Travenues Technology will be in focus on June 20.
Sharekhan is bullish on Power Grid Corporation of India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 350 in its research report dated May 21, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Avenue Supermarts recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4350 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
Food delivery giants Swiggy and Zomato may face a valuation cut in the tune of 20% if Rapido manages to execute well after entering the segment, according to Karan Taurani, Executive Vice President at Elara Capital.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a very bearish sentiment on the stock as of August 4, 2025.
Emkay is bullish on ICICI Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1600 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
The order is for Steam Generator Island Package of 2x660 MW Raghunathpur Thermal Power Station Phase-II project at West Bengal's Purulia district, said BHEL
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Bosch with a target price of Rs 30,000 in its research report dated May 30, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Maruti Suzuki has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 14,001 in its research report dated April 28, 2025.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Adani Green Energy has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1500 in its research report dated April 30, 2025.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 1027.45, JSW Steel's performance reflects the ongoing interplay of market dynamics and the company's financial results.
The stock’s movement is influenced by overall market dynamics and company-specific announcements.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on ABB India with a target price of Rs 5302 in its research report dated February 19, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,608.60, Larsen &amp; Toubro has shown a positive move in today's session.
Sensex, Nifty declined as the market sentiment was weighed down by selling in IT shares and a largely subdued trend across Asian peers.
Shares of Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro were trading at Rs 3,628.80 in Friday's session.
Power Grid reported a slight 0.6 percent decline in net profit at Rs 4,143 crore for the January-March FY25 period.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on JSW Steel recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1180 in its research report dated July 16, 2025.
Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro shares were trading flat in Wednesday's session.
During the post earnings call, Chandra also mentioned that the bank has received Rs 3,000 crore from the JSW Steel after the resolution.
Deven Choksey recommended hold rating on HCL Technologies with a target price of Rs 1693 in its research report dated July 15, 2025.
Mahindra &amp;amp; Mahindra Holds Analyst/Investor Meet, Shares Publicly Available Information
The bearish sentiment is expected to prevail, given the weakness in technical indicators.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Interestingly, creation of HDFC Ltd was financially supported by erstwhile ICICI Ltd, the parent entity of ICICI Bank.
US tariff hikes may slow global economic growth and fuel inflation, while oil prices could remain lower than forecast for several years due to reduced global demand, economists said.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HDFC Life Insurance has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 850 in its research report dated April 17, 2025.
Infosys Collaborates with RWE AG to Drive Digital Workplace Transformation
While Kotak Bank's growth outpaced the banking pack, brokerages were disappointed by the decline in NIMs and elevated formation of non-performing loans.
HCL Technologies saw a 10 percent fall in consolidated net profit at Rs 3,843 crore for Q1FY26, as against Rs 4,257 crore in the year-ago period.
JSW Steel-JFE JV to invest Rs 1,545 crore more to up Vijayanagar capacity; JSW Steel-JFE JV step-down arm to spend Rs 4,300 crore for Nashik expansion
With the stock currently trading at Rs 616.40, Adani Power exhibits positive momentum in today's session.
Stocks to Watch on Mar 17: Stocks like Quality Power Electrical Equipments, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, Tata Motors, Voltas, Tejas Networks, KPIT Technologies, Galaxy Surfactants, NTC Industries, 3M India, International Conveyors, Ksolves India, Zydus Lifesciences, and SpiceJet will be in focus on March 17.
On cyber security, BoB CEO and MD said that the banking industry needs to work on protecting the sanctity of the financial system.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 615.70, Adani Power has seen a rise of 2.25% in the morning session.
Avenue Supermarts benefited from favourable pricing in staples and non-food categories, however increased competitive intensity, especially from quick commerce firms, weighed on profitability.
'The transaction has been launched at a floor price of Rs 1,862 per share, which is at a 3.15% discount to the last closing price,' said a source
According to a Moneycontrol poll of seven brokerages, revenue is expected to rise nearly 11 percent YoY to Rs 3,179 crore.
EBITDA margin is expected to decline to 18.3 percent from 19.2 percent in the previous year.
The stock is currently influenced by bearish sentiment, according to a Moneycontrol analysis as of 2025-05-27.
LKP Research is bullish on Mahindra And Mahindra has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3682 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,501.80, Hindustan Unilever reflects a slight downturn in today's session.
In Q1FY26, Eternal's quick commerce business posted a 127% on-year rise in net order value at Rs 9,203 crore, surpassing growth at its food-delivery business for the first time
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,504.50, Infosys has seen a decrease in price during today's session.
Eternal reported a sharp 90 percent YoY fall in net profit for the first quarter of FY26, with earnings falling to Rs 25 crore.
As long as major supports are intact near 23,200 which is the Gap area, any correction in Nifty 50 will be a healthy sign that will form the base for the next leg on upside, he said in an interview to Moneycontrol.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 637.80, Adani Total Gas has shown positive movement in today's session.
Shares of Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro were trading at Rs 3,481.70 in Thursday's session.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on JSW Steel with a target price of Rs 1010 in its research report dated July 19, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,869.20, Bharti Airtel is experiencing a notable downturn in today's session, positioning it among the top losers on the Nifty 50.
M&amp;M's total vehicle sales in March rose 23% year-on-year to 83,894 units while Royal Enfield-maker Eicher Motors Ltd sold 101,021 motorcycles in March, a 34% increase on an annual basis
Ambuja Cements share price: The Adani Group company reported a 23% YoY rise in net profit to Rs 788 crore for Q1 FY26.
Over the past two decades, the market capitalisation of India's BFSI space has grown more than 50-times to Rs 91 lakh crore in 2025 from Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 2005, at a CAGR of ~22%, a note by Motilal Oswal said.
The market is expected to maintain an upward trend amid consolidation.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
LKP Research is bullish on ICICI Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1638 in its research report dated April 22, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,467.70, Nestle India has demonstrated a positive movement today on the Nifty 50 index.
Avenue Supermarts' stock closed at Rs 4,173.60, marking a 2.11% decrease in Friday's session, with the stock being among the top losers on the Nifty Next 50.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a very bearish sentiment on the stock.
L&amp;T share price: Brokerages increased their target prices for the stock, expecting strong upside potential from current levels.
While private banks have already sprinted ahead in the current rally, PSU banks are just starting their engines.
Sensex, Nifty witnessed sharp reversal as investors turned cautious following remarks by Pakistan Defence Minister that &quot;a military incursion&quot; by India was imminent.
The bank's shares have reacted positively, rising over 5 percent on the announcement, as several analysts believe the move could pave way for a turnaround at the bank, after a prolonged turmoil over accounting lapses.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,274.30, Nestle India experiences a notable decrease in early trade.
Jay Kotak has backed the next generation of business families to focus on building businesses, while RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group’s Shashwat Goenka believes it is important to do both investing as well as run operations.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,043.50, JSW Steel has experienced a decline of 2% in today's session.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Titan Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3901 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Ambuja Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 692 in its research report dated July 02, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,511.70, Infosys witnessed moderate movement in today's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,503.10, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro has shown itself among top gainers on Nifty 50.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Hero Motocorp with a target price of Rs 4736 in its research report dated February 07, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 413.15, ITC has demonstrated a marginal increase in today's session, with significant trading volume.
Justice Amit Bansal, presiding over the matter, recorded the defendants’ undertaking that they would not sell the impugned drug in India until the next hearing, scheduled for August 19, 2025.
The court also took note of Novo Nordisk’s contention that even the export of an infringing product constitutes patent infringement under Indian law.
The share of small cars in the overall PV market in India was 47.4 per cent in FY18, and 46 per cent in FY19.
In FY20, it improved marginally to 46.5 per cent and has been on a decline since
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Kotak Mahindra Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2350 in its research report dated July 27, 2025.
The scheme aims to attract investments from global EV manufacturers and promote India as a manufacturing destination for e-vehicles.
During today's session, JSW Steel experienced a downturn, with its stock price decreasing by 1.68% to Rs 976.80.
Investors and traders will be eyeing a series of factors for further cues, ranging from the ongoing earnings season, trade deal chatter, along with institutional flows.
The sharp fall in Dabur's share price spilled over to other FMCG stocks as well, pushing the Nifty FMCG index down nearly 1% to become the worst performing sectoral index on NSE.
Moneycontrol had reported a day before that Sunil Mittal-led promoter entity is looking at a part stake sale in the telecom major.
Sharekhan is bullish on Nestle India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2600 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
The market is expected to consolidate further amid caution ahead of tariffs announcements by Donald Trump.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
M&amp;M Finance share
price: UBS lowered its target price for the stock to Rs 285 per share.
Macquarie sees 12% downside potential.
There's renewed interest in FMCG stocks in recent past after income tax cuts in Budget 2025 are anticipated to boost consumption
With the stock currently priced at Rs 252.43, Eternal's 2.10% increase reflects a positive shift, attracting investor interest amid favorable market sentiment.
With peers TCS and HCLTech struggling with weak demand, the Street will be keenly watching Infosys’ commentary on deal ramp-ups, AI-led transformation and the pace of recovery in key markets
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Hindalco recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 770 in its research report dated April 01, 2025.
SBI’s home loan portfolio for Q1 FY26 stood at Rs 8.51 lakh crore as of June 30, 2025, marking a robust 15.05 percent year-on-year growth
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,425, Infosys faces headwinds amid bearish investor sentiment.
Jefferies pointed out that India currently imposes up to 10% import duties on US
drugs, with some having lower duties or exemptions.
If the US
enforces reciprocal tariffs, it would be, at best, 10% on imported Indian medicines to the US.
The Rs 12,500-crore IPO of HDB Financial Services is the largest initial public issue by an NBFC in India.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,568.90, Infosys has seen a slight decline from its previous close.
Stocks to Watch, 29
Apr: Stocks like RPG Life Sciences, Adani Green Energy, Oberoi Realty, Fino Payments Bank, KFin Technologies, Plastiblends India, Hatsun Agro Product, AWL Agri Business, Adani Total Gas, Nippon Life India Asset Management, Firstsource Solutions, Go Digit General Insurance, and Greenply Industries will be in focus on April 29.
The stock's last traded price was Rs 296.15, with the company experiencing a significant surge in volume during the session.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on ICICI Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1700 in its research report dated April 21, 2025.
Deepinder Goyal said LAT Aerospace is a startup focused on building planes
for regional aviation and &quot;has not bought any private jet.&quot; He added that the company is not in the business of buying planes.
Stocks to Watch, 4
August: Stocks like ABB India, Dilip Buildcon, ITC, Railtel Corporation of India, Hero MotoCorp, Delhivery, MCX, Muthoot Capital Services, Harsha Engineers, Tata Power, and Federal Bank will be in focus on August 4.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Power Grid Corporation of India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 365 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Puri also serves as the chairperson and independent director on the board of Fortis Healthcare and as an independent director on the board of Dr Reddy's Laboratories
Brokerages expect steady revenue growth for Dr Reddy’s in Q1FY26, but caution that US price erosion and product mix could weigh on margins and bottomline.
Even at this price it is good to start to accumulate names like Larsen &amp; Toubro, Reliance Industries, Tata Motors and some FMCG names like Asian Paints to name a few, says Rahul Ghose.
Emkay Global Financial recommended reduce rating on Nestle India with a target price of Rs 2300 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,505.20, Infosys is experiencing a downward trend in today's session.
LKP Research is bullish on Kotak Mahindra Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2490 in its research report dated May 05, 2025.
Jagdishan's pay package includes basic salary of Rs 3.09 crore, allowances and perquisites of Rs 3.46 crore
and performance bonus amounting to Rs 4.67 crore.
Kaizad Bharucha, Deputy Managing Director of the bank was paid Rs 11.01 crore
in FY25.
The comments by the apex court bench brought relief to stakeholders of JSW Steel, with the shares of JSW Steel at the day's high soon after the hearing commenced.
Avenue Supermarts saw 16 lakh shares, representing 0.21 percent of the total outstanding equity, change hands in a large trade.
The shares of the three companies closed in the green with marginal gains, although the broader Nifty Metal index ended the session in the red.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 4,213.70, Hero Motocorp has seen a notable decrease in its share price today.
Adani Power will also declare its June quarter results on August 1
With the stock's price at Rs 4242.00, Avenue Supermarts' performance today reflects significant market activity and investor response.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 35860.00, Bosch experiences movement influenced by overall market dynamics and specific corporate actions.
Sharekhan is bullish on Grasim Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2800 in its research report dated February 21, 2025.
Moneycontrol analysis, as of July 25, 2025, indicates a very bearish sentiment for the stock.
Sensex, Nifty dropped on Monday as global tariff tensions and weak cues from Asian markets spooked investor sentiment.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Infosys with a target price of Rs 1750 in its research report dated July 23, 2025.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on ETERNAL has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 330 in its research report dated Jun 22, 2025.
Shares of Infosys were trading lower in Friday's session, influenced by very bearish sentiment according to a recent Moneycontrol analysis.
Net Interest Income (NII) is expected to increase by 5.3 percent Y-o-Y (up 0.2 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 31,430.6 crore, according to Prabhudas Lilladher.
Jefferies is bullish on Adani Power, tagging a 'Buy' recommendation with a price target of Rs 690.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,202.20, Adani Enterprises has experienced a notable downturn in today's session.
Domestic brokerage Motilal Oswal said: Seldom does a bank of the size of ICICI Bank surprise with its operating performance the way this bank has done.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 268.70, Eternal has seen a positive movement in today's session.
In terms of key levels, the zone of 25,050–25,100 will act as an immediate resistance for Nifty 50.
A sustained move above 25,100 could open the gates for a sharp rally towards 25,500, followed by 25,700 in the short term, said Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 671.85, Hindalco Industries has shown a decline of 2.01% in today's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,452, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro is navigating through recent order announcements and financial performance metrics, reflecting a mix of growth and market sentiment.
The Nifty Smallcap 100 index gained 1.36% to extend gains for the sixth consecutive session, while the Nifty Midcap 100 index rose nearly 1% to record gains for the fourth straight session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 414.05 on the NSE, ITC has shown marginal gains in today's session.
SBI share price: The PSU lender's total income rose 10% to Rs 1.35 lakh crore in Q1FY26
With the stock currently trading at Rs 4,088, Avenue Supermarts is experiencing positive momentum in today's session.
Nifty, Sensex fall from morning highs amid profit-taking and increased investor caution, while the broader markets also traded in the red.
HCLTech revises FY26 constant currency revenue growth guidance to 3-5%, while operating margin guidance was reduced to 17-18%.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Ambuja Cements recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 630 in its research report dated June 18, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HCL Technologies recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2000 in its research report dated July 22, 2025.
Nifty 50 and Sensex have extended their gains as investor confidence grows amid easing inflation concerns and optimism around India-US trade talks.
Eternal share price: Zomato-parent's shares had seen significant decline recently amid buzz over cab-hailing platform Rapido's entry in the food delivery business with significantly lower commission charges.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,548.80, Infosys has seen a slight decrease from its day's high of Rs 1,582.00.
Brokerages feel that a combination of weak order flows, margin pressure, and a cautious project conversion cycle, especially in the Middle East, may assail the behemoth.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 879.10, Bajaj Finance shows a slight increase from its previous close, reflecting dynamic market activity and strong financial metrics.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Bank of Baroda has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 270 in its research report dated July 27, 2025.
IndusInd Bank Share Price: IndusInd Bank posted its first earnings report after it uncovered major accounting discrepancies and has been under scrutiny due to multiple audits.
Moneycontrol's sentiment analysis, as of August 7, 2025, indicates a very bearish outlook on the stock.
Sensex, Nifty pared early gains on caution among investors as Fed tone signalled growing concern over persistent price pressures.
Post this acquisition, JPBL will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of JFSL.
With the share price at Rs 12385.00, Maruti Suzuki India reflects a notable shift in market activity.
Sensex, Nifty declined nearly 2 percent in Tuesday's trading session, dragged by IT stocks amid uncertainty over Trump's reciprocal tariffs.
ABB India's stock is currently trading lower, reflecting a bearish sentiment.
Analysts say lower commissions may help Rapido expand market at the fringes but core dominance remains with incumbents
Deven Choksey recommended accumulate rating on HDFC Bank with a target price of Rs 2274 in its research report dated July 25, 2025.
'Wherever (price increase) is absolutely essential, we will have to take some pricing action,' says Narayanan
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Ambuja Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 685 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
Maruti Suzuki continued to hold the lion's share in the market, selling nearly 1.8 lakh units (including exports) during the month
A lower deposit growth this fiscal has meant that PSU banks have lost the deposit market share by 10-70 basis points (bps) on-year, the IIFL Capital report said.
In conclusion, Tata Consultancy Services shares experienced a marginal decline in today's trading session, with significant trading volume.
With the shares trading flat, investors are closely monitoring Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro's performance amid recent corporate developments and financial results.
Stocks to Watch, 23
Apr: Stocks like Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Financial Services, Tata Communications, Waaree Energies, AU Small Finance Bank, Huhtamaki India, Delta Corp, 360 ONE WAM, Power Finance Corporation, Varun Beverages, Gokaldas Exports, and Ambuja Cements will be in focus on April 23.
The bank now offers a maximum interest rate of 6.6% per annum on FDs with principal amount less than Rs 3 crore for general citizens
CCI approved M&amp;M's acquisition of majority stake in SML Isuzu, and Delhivery's acquisition of majority stake in Ecom Express.
Stocks to Watch, 8
August: Stocks like Titan Company, Bharti Airtel, Biocon, Cummins India, BSE, Life Insurance Corporation, KRBL, Metropolis Healthcare, Kalpataru Projects International, Godrej Consumer Products, Kalyan Jewellers, and CE Info Systems will be in focus on August 8.
This is the highest level seen by the Nifty Bank index since early January; ICICI Bank, Axis Bank also contribute to the rally on Monday.
&quot;...whatever Sebi’s remit is, Sebi is doing.
It is RBI’s remit but if there are any egregious violations by anyone in its capacity Sebi is looking into it,&quot; said Sebi's Tuhin Kanta Pandey.
Anand Rathi is bullish on Mahindra and Mahindra has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3600 in its research report dated May 15, 2025.
Stocks to Watch Today, 3
Jun: Stocks like Zinka Logistics Solutions, HCL Technologies, Biocon, Torrent Power, Jindal Stainless, Frontier Springs, Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels, Transrail Lighting, Kerala Ayurveda, Emcure Pharmaceuticals, UCO Bank, AU Small Finance Bank, and Prostarm Info Systems will be in focus on June 3.
Kotak Mahindra Bank shares decline 6.42% amid volume surge in early trading.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Power Grid Corporation of India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 345 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Larsen and Toubro recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4450 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 645.40, Adani Total Gas experienced a 2.03% decrease in today's session.
Geojit Financial Services is bullish on Eicher Motors has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5665 in its research report dated March 11, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,603.40, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro is experiencing a slight dip in the early trading session.
With a marginal increase in share price and a Very Bullish market sentiment, Dr Reddys Laboratories continues to be a key player in the pharmaceutical sector.
Hindalco also announced acquisition of 100 percent equity stake in EMIL Mines and Mineral Resources Limited.
Stocks to Watch, 7
August: Stocks like Eternal, Hero MotoCorp, Trent, Bharat Forge, BHEL, Lumax Industries, Jindal Stainless, Fortis Healthcare, Datamatics Global, Bajaj Holdings, Cash Ur Drive Marketing, and Renol Polychem will be in focus on August 7.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,913.20, Bharti Airtel saw a decline of 0.86% in today's session.
JSW Steel's consolidated net profit for the April-June quarter nearly tripled year-on-year to Rs 2,209 crore, on the back of price support with the imposition of the safeguard duty, as well as improving costs, especially for coking coal and iron ore
Emkay Global Financial recommended buy rating on Bank of Baroda with a target price of Rs 280 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
Geojit Financial Services is bullish on HDFC Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2192 in its research report dated May 06, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Eternal recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 315 in its research report dated July 22, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,421.70, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro experienced a decrease of 0.62% in morning trade.
IndusInd Bank has taken enough steps to improve accounting practices.
The bank is doing well on the whole, says RBI Governor
Emkay is bullish on HDFC Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2300 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
BHEL share price: BHEL shares opened at Rs 272 apiece, the highest level seen by the stock in nearly 6 months.
India's largest four-wheeler manufacturer Maruti Suzuki India Ltd may also announce a final dividend for fiscal 2024-25, along with Q4 results due later today.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Adani Power has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 610 in its research report dated May 01, 2025.
Sensex, Nifty declined amid weak sentiment after US president announced fresh tariffs on Indian goods over purchase of Russian crude
Adani Green Energy Limited's stock is currently trading at Rs 1,028.30 on the NIFTY NEXT 50.
CGD players including IGL, MGL and Adani Total Gas have undertaken multiple CNG
price hikes in-line with the cut in allocation of cheaper domestic gas.
APM gas
is sold cheaper to city gas
distribution players to ensure essential services such as domestic PNG and CNG.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Avenue Supermarts has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4950 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
LKP Research is bullish on Hero MotoCorp has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5304 in its research report dated August 08, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bearish on IndusInd Bank has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 650 in its research report dated May 22, 2025.
Deven Choksey is bullish on ICICI Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1776 in its research report dated July 22, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 13,998.00, Bajaj Holdings has shown a decline of 2.03% in today's session.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Avenue Supermarts recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4500 in its research report dated July 12, 2025.
The verdict had triggered questions over whether the court's ruling casts a shadow over the broader insolvency regime, which has been a centrepiece of India’s economic reform since its enactment in 2016.
Eternal share price: Q1 marked the first quarter where Blinkit’s net order value surpassed that of Zomato.
Hero MotoCorp Q1: Revenue declines 5.5% to Rs 9,579 crore
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Kotak Mahindra Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
The positive movement of Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro shares underscores its strong market presence.
Copper stocks: US Comex copper futures jumped over 12% to hit a record high after Trump's announcement, which came earlier than industry expectations.
The 50% tariff rate was also higher than analysts' expectations.
Grasim Industries Fully Repays ₹500 Crore Commercial Paper
The lender is expected to post a weak financial performance for the March quarter (Q4FY25), weighed down by recently uncovered accounting discrepancies
The rise in the share prices pushed the Nifty Auto index up nearly 2 percent to hover around 22,682 in the morning trade
Provisions surge 109% yoy to Rs 1,208 crore; NII up 6% to Rs 7,259 crore
Jio BlackRock Investment Advisers, which is a 50:50 joint venture between Jio Financial Services and BlackRock, also announced the appointment of Marc Pilgrem as its CEO and MD.
With Avenue Supermarts current price at Rs 4197.30, the stock's movement reflects a positive shift, driven by high volume trading and strong financial metrics.
Sharekhan is bullish on HDFC Life Insurance Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 870 in its research report dated April 19, 2025.
BHEL is to supply equipment and supervision of erection and commissioning for the six thermal units of 800MW
Net Interest Income (NII) is expected to increase by 8.7 percent Y-o-Y (up 0.8 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 21,251.2 crore, according to Prabhudas Lilladher.
Avenue Supermarts posted its highest quarterly net store additions ever during Q4FY25, and Morgan Stanley has estimated the implied same-store sales growth (SSSG) for Q4FY25 to be at 8-9%, indicating a steady performance.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 604.30, Ambuja Cements has seen a decrease of 2.19% in today’s session.
Ventura Securities is bullish on HDFC Life Insurance Co has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 870 in its research report dated March 28, 2025.
The stock experienced a jump in volume and is currently trading lower compared to its previous close.
Nifty ended the March series back above 23,500, with some experts pointing to further upside from here on, even as tariff-related development will be key the sentiment.
For the month, key indices are set to snap the string of monthly losses, supported by a revival in foreign inflows.
In the late afternoon trade, the Nifty Midcap 100 index was trading 55,416, while Nifty Smallcap 100 index was trading at 16,770
The exclusion of Britannia Industries and BPCL caused their respective stocks to rally, gaining up to 2.5 percent during the opening session.
JSW Steel Q1 FY26 Crude Steel Production Rises 14% YoY to 7.26 Million Tonnes
The benchmark indices are expected to consolidate further.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
ABB India Partners with THINK Gas to Drive Digital Innovation in City Gas
Sensex ended marginally lower on Friday after a choppy session as concerns over global trade tensions kept investors cautious.
Nifty, however, managed to hold the 22,500 mark despite volatility.
India exports nearly $6.8 billion worth of automobiles and auto components to US, and the tariff is likely to impact the price competitiveness of these companies as well as their suppliers.
The benchmark BSE Sensex was down 1.32% to 76293.60, while the broader NSE Nifty 50 index declined 1.32% to 23071.80, as US tariff concerns forced investors to offload riskier assets
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HCL Technologies recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1800 in its research report dated April 22, 2025.
Despite likely consolidation in the market, experts advised buying 8 stocks for the next week.
Both insurers are actively shifting from market-linked to guaranteed products and recalibrating margins impacted by regulatory changes, especially around surrender values
BSE share price: The shares of Asia's oldest stock exchange have rallied over 50 percent in the past six months, and over 13 percent in the past one month.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Bajaj Auto has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 9850 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Choice Equity Broking is bullish on Ambuja Cement has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 625 in its research report dated April 30, 2025.
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Share Price | The company is going to announce results for the quarter ended June 30th, 2025 on July 23, 2025 after the board meeting.
Deven Choksey is bullish on HDFC Life Insurance Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 882 in its research report dated July 18, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 5,216.50, ABB India experiences notable selling pressure amid high volume.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on ICICI Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1650 in its research report dated April 20, 2025.
In summary, ICICI Bank shares experienced a slight decline, trading at Rs 1,425.20. The bank has shown strong financial performance with increasing revenue and net profit over the past few years.
The anchor portion of the HDB Financial Services IPO has been reserved for June 24
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,501.50, Infosys has experienced a slight decrease in the early trading session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,529.40, Hindustan Unilever experiences slight volatility during today's early trading session.
Indian Continent Investment, in particular, held 2.47 percent stake in Bharti Airtel, and the total promoters shareholding was 51.25 percent as of June 2025.
The stock's last traded price reflects a positive move, currently priced at Rs 3,630.
Sensex, Nifty declined after a sharp pullback in IT and pharma stocks, even as hopes of a proposed U.S.-Russia presidential meeting limited the downside.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,498.60, Infosys reflects a subdued market presence in today's early trading session.
At 10:22 am, the stock was trading at Rs 311.25, up 3.05% from its previous close.
ABB India is currently trading on the Nifty Next 50 amid high volume.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,473.90, Larsen &amp;amp; Toubro experienced a decrease of 0.85% today.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 38,605, Bosch shows a positive trend in today's early trading session, reflecting overall financial health and investor confidence.
With the stock reaching its all-time high at Rs 1,074.90, JSW Steel showcases its strong presence in the Nifty 50 index.
Adani Power Receives LoI for 2,400 MW Thermal Power Project from BSPGCL
Nestle India and Hindustan Unilever shares fell after BofA downgraded the stocks to 'underperform' from 'neutral' and 'neutral' from 'buy'
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Infosys with a target price of Rs 1750 in its research report dated July 24, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on ABB India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6955 in its research report dated February 19, 2025.
CNBC-TV18 reported that banks have submitted that EBITDA during insolvency process is in 'thousands of crores'
ICICI Securities is bullish on Kotak Mahindra Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2570 in its research report dated July 27, 2025.
ICICI Prudential AMC IPO | Since 1998, ICICI Prudential AMC has been operating as a joint venture between ICICI Bank and London-based Prudential Corporation Holdings with 51:49 shareholding.
An analysis by Axis Capital has shown that April has seen positive returns
on 12 occasions in the last 15 years, the most compared to any other month.
On the other hand, February has been the bleakest in terms of monthly returns.
Sharekhan is bullish on ICICI Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1650 in its research report dated April 19, 2025.
The Nifty 50 index is reshuffled twice every year, based on six-month data ending January 31 and July 31, and the changes to the index are made in March and September.
The market may remain rangebound in the upcoming session until it decisively surpasses the previous day’s high.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Maruti Suzuki shares trade under pressure on receiving draft tax assessment of up to Rs 3,000 crore from Income Tax Authority, however, the company has clarified that here is no impact on financial, operation or other activities of the company due to this order.
The market is expected to consolidate after the two-day rally and may attempt another session of upward movement.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on JSW Steel with a target price of Rs 1068 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HDFC Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2300 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
LKP Research is bullish on Larsen and Toubro has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4135 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
Net Sales are expected to increase by 10.4 percent Y-o-Y (down 7.2 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 9,176.1 crore, according to Prabhudas Lilladher.
The stock has recently corrected to reflect this temporary weakness, cracking 38 percent over the past six months.
Jio Financial Services: The warrants will be offered on a private placement basis to members of the promoter group, subject to shareholder approval and regulatory clearances.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Nestle India with a target price of Rs 2400 in its research report dated April 24, 2025.
Hero Motocorp's shares experienced a decline during today's trading session, closing at Rs 4220.20.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,569.90, Infosys has seen a decline of 0.91% from its previous close in today's session.
With the stock's current price at Rs 239.46 and a notable increase in trading volume, Eternal has shown positive momentum during today's trading session.
ICICI Bank Q4 FY25 Results: The private sector lender announced its fiscal fourth quarter financial results today.
The Nifty Bank index fell half a percent, while the Nifty Auto index declined over a percent, with both indices dragging the Nifty lower.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates very bearish sentiment on the stock.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,097.90, Mahindra and Mahindra has experienced a notable dip in today's session.
Bank of Baroda Q4 results: Provisions rise to Rs 1,551 crore from Rs 1,302 crore a year ago; asset quality improves
Vedanta reported its revenue revenue grew by 14 percent to Rs 40,455 crore, over Rs 35,509 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal.
Shares of Glenmark Pharma were trading at Rs 2,011.30, reflecting the day's price movement and overall market activity.
Institutional bets pay off big as Glenmark Pharma locks into upper circuit after AbbVie licensing deal
The stock is currently trading at Rs 3,192.70, reflecting the early market sentiment.
Currently, all three major US indices are trading below their short and long-term moving averages.
These averages
are in falling mode, which is a bearish sign, said Sudeep Shah.
With its current price at Rs 458.15, Hindustan Zinc experienced a fall of 2.26% during today's session.
According to Moneycontrol analysis, the sentiment for Lloyds Metals and Energy is Very Bullish as of today.
Recent border tensions had weighed on infrastructure projects, especially in states along the western border, including railway's expansion and upgradation plans.
The stock is trading on the Nifty Midcap 150 index.
Q4 result impact: Cochin Shipyard reported 8 percent on-year jump in standalone net profit to Rs 285 crore for Q4 FY25.
Few stocks in the US were unscathed with the biggest ETF tracking the S&amp;P 500 on pace for its biggest decline since 2022.
More than 90% of companies in the S&amp;P 500 were trading
lower at 8 a.m. in New York, with over half of its 500 stocks down at least 2% in premarket trading.
Archean Chemical Board Meeting to Approve Q1 FY26 Results on July 28
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,019.50, Glenmark Pharma is currently trading among the top losers on the Nifty Midcap 150.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,225.80, Glenmark Pharma has shown a positive movement of 2.05% in today's session.
The surge reflects rising investor appetite for climate-focused businesses, driven by strong policy support, growing corporate demand for green power and the need to build domestic capacity in line with India’s ambitious clean energy goals
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Pidilite Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3428 in its research report dated May 12, 2025.
Mazagon Dock share price: The proposed deal would mark the Indian defence company's first international acquisition.
Mankind Pharma's stock currently trades at Rs 2432.00, reflecting a positive movement despite the prevailing bearish sentiment in the market.
Marico expects to sustain double-digit revenue growth and shall strive to deliver double-digit operating profit growth in FY26.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Mankind Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2990 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
The Nifty Defence index jumped 4.5 percent, marking its strongest intraday gain since April 15, 2025.
Seventeen of its eighteen constituents were trading in the green
Stocks to watch, 29
May: Stocks like Bharat Rasayan, HeidelbergCement India, Birlasoft,Som Distilleries and Breweries, Natco Pharma, Deepak Nitrite, RITES, Aurobindo Pharma, IndusInd Bank, Steel Authority of India, Avanti Feeds, Insecticides India, Balaji Amines, Cummins India, ITC, ADF Foods, Mishra Dhatu Nigam, and Unified Data Tech Solutions will be in focus on May 29.
On July 3, defence stocks like Data Patterns, Dynamatic Technologies, MTAR Tech, Paras Defence, Hindustan Aeronautics, BEML rose 0.6%-1%
Emkay Institutional Equities sees potential earnings upgrades for the Hindalco, Vedanta and NALCO if alumina and aluminium prices stay high, boosting stock performance.
AbbVie will receive exclusive rights to develop, manufacture, and commercialize ISB 2001 across North America, Europe, Japan, and Greater China
Currently trading at Rs 150.86, Samvardhana Motherson International's performance is closely watched, especially given its inclusion in key indices like the NIFTY NEXT 50 and NIFTY 100, alongside the implications of its financial results.
Significant layoffs will be part of Panasonic's restructuring exercise, with the number being in high double digits, Economic Times reported.
Net Sales are expected to increase by 3.7 percent Y-o-Y (up 2.5 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 6,730 crore, according to PL Capital.
ICICI Securities is bullish on IDFC FIRST Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 75 in its research report dated April 19, 2025.
Border tensions and business-related concerns such as export curb on rare earth has made domestic firms move away from China, the report said
Ajanta Pharma: Promoter Pledges 2.6 Lakh Shares for Lender Change
With the stock's current price at Rs 161.65, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency has shown decline of 2.01% in today's session.
NMDC’s consolidated net profit fell nearly 22 percent QoQ to Rs 1,483.18 crore in Q4, down from Rs 1,896.66 crore in the December quarter.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Solar Industries recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 13,720 in its research report dated February 24, 2025.
Invesco Mutual Fund Increases Stake in Sai Life Sciences to 5.2467%
Citi Research said that potential US reciprocal tariffs on Indian chemical exports could impact EBITDA for PI Industries, Navin Fluorine, and SRF.
Shares of Glenmark Pharma were trading lower at Rs 2,172.10, a 2.12% fall in today's session.
17 of the 18 constituents in the Defence index traded in the red, with Cyient DLM being the sole gainer, rising more than 3 percent during the session.
RailTel Corporation of India Share Price | The company received order from East Central Railway for Kavach on low density railway track.
Geojit Financial Services is bullish on Punjab National Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 126 in its research report dated June 04, 2025.
RailTel Corporation of India Share Price | Bharat Sanchar Nigam awarded the contract to the company worth Rs 166 crore.
FY25 for the chemical sector was marked by subdued demand and pricing pressures, the outlook for the sector appears to be turning more constructive.
Vedanta Sells 1.6% HZL Stake for ₹3,028 Cr to Cut Debt
Motilal Oswal is bearish on Vodafone Idea recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6.5 in its research report dated Jun 02, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Aurobindo Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1300 in its research report dated August 06, 2025.
“We’re now the second source for many products made in China—and the first choice for new ones,” Ajay Bhardwaj, CEO and Founder of Anthem told Moneycontrol in an interview.
The pharma firm is making over the famed antacid, with Digene Insta On The Go, a single-dose, water-free stick pack leading the change
ICICI Securities is bullish on Chemplast Sanmar recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 515 in its research report dated July 29, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Max Healthcare Institute has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1300 in its research report dated May 22, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Steel Authority of India with a target price of Rs 107 in its research report dated February 12, 2025.
YES BANK Gets ₹78 Cr from Trust in Security Receipts Portfolio
Promoters offloaded 5.26 percent equity stake in PG Electroplast and around 5.8 percent stake in Indigo-parent Interglobe Aviation.
Vedanta reported that the total revenue from operations in the April-June quarter increased by 5.8 percent to Rs 37,824 crore over Rs 35,764 crore in the year-ago period.
From a technical standpoint, the current chart structure suggests that the bullish momentum is likely to extend into the coming week, said Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities who expects the Nifty to move toward 25,300 in the short term, with the potential to stretch further toward 25,600.
DAM Capital has a Buy call
on Deepak Nitrite with a target of Rs 2,142 per share, while Morgan Stanley has put a target of Rs 3000 per share along with a Overweight call.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,010.60, Cochin Shipyard's performance reflects a 2% decrease in today's session.
The company's net profit gained 62 percent
YoY while its revenue from operations gained over 35 percent
and EBITDA grew over 7 percent.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Aarti Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 525 in its research report dated June 23, 2025.
'Silver isn’t following gold anymore—it’s leading.
And this time, its shine comes from utility, not just tradition,' said Harshal Dasani from INVasset PMS.
Stocks to watch, 14
May: Stocks like AurionPro Solutions,VST Tillers Tractors,VIP Industries,Honeywell Automation,GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals, Metropolis Healthcare, ITD Cementation India, Max Financial Services, Garden Reach Shipbuilders &amp; Engineers, ASK Automotive, Bharti Airtel,Tata Motors,Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries, and Bharti Hexacom will be in focus on May 14.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Gujarat Fluorochemicals recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4160 in its research report dated February 22, 2025.
The drug category has an estimated annual sale of $122 million in the US.
Shares of Lupin were marginally higher in the session, sharply rising after the announcement was made public.
Select defence shares saw profit booking on June 9 after a tearaway rally witnessed in them in the past one month.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Lloyds Metals and Energy recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1615 in its research report dated February 14, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,889.40, Lupin exhibits a positive trend in today's early trading session.
Alkem Labs Appoints Diwakar Gupta as Independent Director
Analysts said that as a result of the duties, which are still to be approved by the Union Ministry of Commerce, the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) per tonne for steel, a key competitive metric, may increase for steelmakers.
However, they also noted that prices had already been increasing for various steel products in anticipation of DGTR's safeguard duty investigation wrapping up
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Vinati Organics recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2195 in its research report dated May 17, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,850.00, Deepak Nitrite has seen a decline of 2.04% in today's session.
The consolidation is expected to continue, with benchmark indices likely finding support at the 50-day EMA.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Deven Choksey recommended accumulate rating on Anupam Rasayan India with a target price of Rs 1053 in its research report dated May 30, 2025.
The US business, a significant contributor to its revenue, is projected for single-digit growth in FY26.
Sharekhan is bullish on Vinati Organics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2100 in its research report dated May 28, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,032.10, Glenmark Pharma has seen a decrease of 2.06% in today's session.
Analysts expect Vodafone Idea’s March revenue to see a drop of up to 2 percent due to subscriber churn
Gensol shares have hit the lower circuit in 29 out of 34 sessions in the past three month.
Moneycontrol's sentiment analysis indicates a very bullish outlook for the stock as of July 7, 2025.
“FY25 was a year of strategic realignment and investment in future growth,” said Executive Chairman Srinivas Sadu.
In summary, Vedanta's stock is currently trading at Rs 444.10, reflecting a 2.67% decrease.
The company's financial performance shows increasing revenue and fluctuating net profit over the past few years.
The correction in NHPC's stock can give investors an inexpensive opportunity to accumulate, noted brokerage CLSA.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Jindal Stainless recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 760 in its research report dated March 25, 2025.
As of today, Moneycontrol's analysis indicates a very bullish sentiment for Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders.
Sudeep Shah advised buying Axis Bank and PCBL for the short term, however, he is bearish on the Nifty IT index.
Vodafone Idea wanted a waiver of Rs 45,457 crore in AGR-related dues
On May 28, the lender announced that its Board of Directors will meet on Tuesday, June 3, 2025, to consider a proposal for raising capital through the issuance of equity shares, debt securities, or other eligible financial instruments
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Pidilite Industries with a target price of Rs 2950 in its research report dated March 18, 2025.
Anand Rathi is bullish on IDFC First Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 77 in its research report dated April 27, 2025.
Kotak Institutional has issued a ‘Sell’ call on NMDC with a price target of Rs 55, projecting a downside of 15.4 percent from the last closing price of Rs 65 per share.
Zydus Lifesciences Share Price | Apalutamide is an androgen receptor inhibitor indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer.
The tablets will be produced at Ahmedabad facility, it added.
The market may attempt a rebound amid likely range-bound trading in the upcoming session, but the sustainability is the key watch.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Angel One shares closed at Rs 2,328.50, down 0.23 percent, while Nuvama Wealth Management stock rose 1.25 percent to Rs 5,944.
Deven Choksey recommended accumulate rating on Navin Fluorine International with a target price of Rs 4895 in its research report dated May 26, 2025.
An U.S. District Court recently ruled against Zydus and Lupin, finding Astellas's patent for Myrbetriq was not invalid.
Both Indian drugmakers have been selling their generic versions of Myrbetriq &quot;at risk&quot; in the U.S. since the first quarter of fiscal year 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Pidilite Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3427 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,926, Tube Investments of India Ltd has shown a positive trend in today's session and is included as one of the stocks in the NIFTY MIDCAP 150 index.
Sula Vineyards reported a net profit of Rs 13.03 crore for the fourth quarter of FY25.
This marks a 4 percent fall from the Rs 13.55 crore net profit reported in Q4 FY24
JB Chemicals share price | The company has received USFDA approval for tablets which will be use to relief the symptoms of depression.
The PSU called perpetual bond issue a 'strategic move' to enhance Tier-I capital to back the expansion of green energy infrastructure, and comes days after the board hiked the borrowing limit for FY25 to Rs 29,200 crore.
Samvardhana Motherson's revenue can grow at an 11 percent CAGR from FY25 to FY27, according to CLSA, which expects it to reach $16 billion soon.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Voltas with a target price of Rs 1268 in its research report dated August 09, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Marico with a target price of Rs 743 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Marico recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 800 in its research report dated May 03, 2025.
With the alliance, SDHI has launched India’s first integrated F.A.S.T. (Fabrication, Assembly, Storage, and Transportation) commercial logistics ecosystem at its shipyard in Pipavav, Gujarat
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 95.36, SJVN has shown a positive movement of 2.53% in today's session.
Zydus Lifesciences Q1 Net Profit Rises 3.3% YoY to ₹1,466.8 Crore
Samvardhana Motherson's EBITDA improved to Rs 2,776 crore during the quarter which ended on December 31, 2024.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 13: Stocks like Tata Steel, NHPC, NTPC Green Energy, Firstsource Solutions, Coromandel International, SP Apparels, Zydus Lifesciences, Jaiprakash Associates, Rollatainers, Satin Creditcare Network, and Ola Electric Mobility will be in focus on March 13.
Net Sales are expected to decrease by 34.3 percent Y-o-Y (up 13.2 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs 552.4 crore, according to ICICI Securities.
Deven Choksey recommended accumulate rating on Laxmi Organic Industries with a target price of Rs 206 in its research report dated May 28, 2025.
The inclusion of the four stocks in the MSCI India Standard Index could lead to inflows worth $850 million, with Swiggy seeing flows worth $385 million.
Copper prices shot up globally after record shipments to US, following Trump's tariff threats.
Marico's consolidated revenue rose in the low twenties year-on-year, while its margins came under pressure due to high cost inflation.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Atul with a target price of Rs 6600 in its research report dated July 19, 2025.
Along with the Q4 results, Hindustan Copper announced a dividend of Rs 1.46 per equity share for the financial year 2025.
Piramal Pharma to Host Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call on July 29, 2025
As of the June 2025 quarter, Dhawan held 15 stocks
with a total portfolio value of Rs 3,282 crore—an increase of 8.2 percent from Rs 3,033 crore in the March quarter, when his portfolio comprised 14 stocks.
Vodafone Idea shares witnessed a notable surge in Monday's session, accompanied by high trading volume, reflecting positive investor activity amid recent corporate announcements and financial results.
Citi Research maintained its positive outlook on Vodafone Idea, as well as Indus Towers, betting on further subscriber additions.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Cohance Lifesciences recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1365 in its research report dated May 29, 2025.
Solar Industries India's stock has shown positive movement, reaching a new 52-week high with bullish investor sentiment and consistent financial performance.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Hindustan Zinc with a target price of Rs 465 in its research report dated July 19, 2025.
According to Moneycontrol analysis as of 2025-06-06, investor sentiment towards Max Healthcare Institute is very bullish.
The market needs a close above short-term moving averages for an upward journey; until then, consolidation may continue.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Samvardhana Motherson International recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 185 in its research report dated May 30, 2025.
Moneycontrol analysis from July 4, 2025, indicates a bearish sentiment on the stock.
The market is expected to remain cautious and continue consolidating in the upcoming sessions.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The Sebi board, scheduled to meet on June 18, is expected to take a final call on a separate voluntary delisting framework for PSUs that have a very high promoter holding – 90 percent or more to be precise.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,669.50, Mankind Pharma has shown substantial positive momentum in today's session amid a surge in volume.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Steel Authority of India with a target price of Rs 133 in its research report dated July 28, 2025.
The stock's current rise reflects positive investor sentiment in today's session.
Chairman and Managing Director Glenn Saldanha said on Monday that the company has several assets under development, including two disclosed candidates—ISB 2001 and ISB 2301—both emerging from its proprietary BEAT platform.
ideaForge Technology Confirms SEBI Demat Compliance for Q1 FY26
Jayanti Sinha, part of the promoter group at Alkem Laboratories, is expected to sell a 1.42 percent stake via the block deal route.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Deepak Nitrite with a target price of Rs 1799 in its research report dated May 29, 2025.
GHCL Launches 'Saksham Niveshak' for Unclaimed Dividends
While the current FII long-short ratio points to a clearly bearish stance by FIIs, the extremely low long-short ratio also suggests that much of the negativity might already be priced in, leaving room for a potential bounce if any positive trigger emerges, said Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities.
ICICI Securities is bearish on RailTel Corporation of India has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 255 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
Vedanta to Transfer Unclaimed Dividends and Redemption Amounts to IEPF
The sanctions come days ahead of the third anniversary of Russia-Ukraine conflict
Paras Defence will hold a majority stake
of 51 percent in the joint venture company, while Heven Drones will hold the rest of the stake.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Marico has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 810 in its research report dated May 03, 2025.
Trump said in a statement that he’s ‘looking to help some of the car companies’ that are in the process of shifting production back to the US from countries like Mexico and Canada.
Stocks To Watch, Feb 20: Stocks like RITES, Patanjali Foods, National Fertilizers, Cyient, Awfis Space Solutions, IRIS Business Services, Torrent Power, Sundaram Clayton, Flomic Global Logistics, BSE, and Windlas Biotech will be in focus on February 20.
India's auto component exports to Mexico account for 3 percent of the total $21.2 billion in exports, around $656 million.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Pidilite Industries with a target price of Rs 3318 in its research report dated March 19, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,314.00, Voltas has seen a decrease of 2.07% from its previous close.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,467.10, Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited is experiencing a surge in trading volume during today's session.
NHPC had commenced the construction work of the Subansiri project in January 2005 after obtaining forest clearance in October 2004.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,708.00, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders shows a positive trend in today's session, driven by financial performance and strategic corporate actions.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Laxmi Organic Industries with a target price of Rs 179 in its research report dated July 29, 2025.
The stock's current price is Rs 2,683.30, with a 2.16% increase, making it a notable gainer in today's trading session.
Moody's attributed the improvement in Yes Bank's credit profile as the reason for the upgrade.
Q4 results impact: Symphony shares surged over 11 percent in the early trading hours to hover around a three-month high of Rs 1,332 apiece.
Alkem Labs share price: The Mumbai-based pharmaceutical company's total revenue from operations rose 7.1 percent year-on-year to Rs 3,143.8 crore for the quarter under review.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,091.00, Glenmark Pharma's performance reflects a dynamic interplay of market sentiment and corporate actions.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Gujarat Fluorochemicals with a target price of Rs 3541 in its research report dated May 27, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,872.10, Cochin Shipyard has experienced a notable downturn in today's session.
Domestic benchmarks Nifty 50 and Sensex saw a muted start on the April 16 session, tracking weak global cues amid a jittery investor sentiment amid the ongoing tariff turmoil.
RVNL Secures ₹447.42 Crore Contract from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation
Benchmark indices saw a strong session of buying that helped sustain early gains, with Sensex and Nifty recording their best day in a month on March 5.
Deepak Fertilisers Enters ₹1,200 Crore LNG Regasification Agreement with Petronet LNG
Shares of Max Healthcare Institute Limited were trading lower at Rs 1,251.50 in today's session.
Indian drugmakers are responding with geographic diversification, supply-chain resilience and acquisition of US assets to brace for a potential disruption despite the current exemption
Rail Vikas Nigam Share Price | The company reported a net profit of Rs 311 crore for the third quarter of the current financial year (FY25), marking a fall of nearly 13 percent from the Rs 359 crore net profit reported in Q3 of FY24.
Anand Rathi is bullish on Atul has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 8300 in its research report dated May 06, 2025.
The surge in volume and positive price movement in Max Healthcare Institute shares reflect a confluence of factors, including strong financial performance and bullish market sentiment.
Balaji Amines' Q3 earnings show disappointed investors heavily due to a fall on all key parameters of revenue, profit and profitability.
Himadri Speciality Chemical Board to Meet July 15 for Q1 FY26 Results
IREDA was the first lender to file for insolvency against Gensol and has since seen an interim resolution professional (IRP) appointed.
A meeting of the committee of creditors (CoC) was held last week and a resolution professional (RP) is expected to be confirmed this month.
The record date for the interim dividend, if declared, will be June 24, said Vedanta
Jefferies initiated coverage with a 'Buy' rating and a target price of Rs 2,850, citing strong execution, a focused branded generics strategy, and robust earnings growth.
Shares of Railtel Corporation of India surged 8.12 percent to an intraday high of Rs 321.65 per share on the NSE.
A combination of concerns over slowing economic growth, fading earnings momentum, Trump’s trade policies, and relentless selling by foreign investors has dragged the benchmarks down 18 percent from their record highs in late September.
The stock's last traded price reflects positive movement, supported by strong financial performance and strategic commercial operations.
AU Small Finance Bank was the top loser in the midcap space, shedding over 3 percent to Rs 729.3 per share.
Consolidated revenue from operations rose 18% YoY  to Rs 6528 crore, while EBITDA surged 30% to Rs 2,126 crore, with margins expanding 310 basis points to 32.6%.
Rail Vikas Nigam Share Price | The meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled on May 21, 2025
to consider and approve the audited financial results (standalone &amp; consolidated) of the company for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Deepak Nitrite with a target price of Rs 1960 in its research report dated February 17, 2025.
After the India-Pakistan trade deal, the markets' attention shifts to a possible U.S.-India trade deal, which would boost sectors like pharma, electronics, autos, and textiles.
Consolidation is likely to continue, with the indices attempting to defend the previous Thursday’s low in the upcoming session.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Revenue from operations surged to ₹3,570 crore, driven by strong growth in both domestic and export businesses.
With shares trading at Rs 2,705.2 apiece, Ajanta Pharma's recent financial performance reflects a growing trajectory.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Gujarat Fluorochemicals with a target price of Rs 3580 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
Godrej Agrovet Announces Book Closure for AGM and Final Dividend
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Vinati Organics with a target price of Rs 1882 in its research report dated May 16, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on PCBL Chemical has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 464 in its research report dated April 30, 2025.
Net profit rose to ₹146 crore, while revenue grew 10 percent to ₹949 crore.
Net Sales are expected to decrease by 5.3 percent Y-o-Y (down 5.8 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 2,052.8 crore, according to Prabhudas Lilladher.
Hindustan Zinc share price: The company is the largest producer of silver in India, and produces refined silver with a minimum 99.9 percent purity.
DB entities cut YES Bank stake by 2.62% via encumbrance release
SAIL reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 142 crore for Q3 FY25, marking a fall of nearly 66 percent from the net profit reported in Q3 FY24.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 188.21, National Aluminium Company has seen a decline in today's session.
The special resolution, which required at least 75 percent of votes in favour to pass, received only 64.10 percent approval, the filing says
Zinka Logistics, Aptus Value and Yes Bank were among stocks that witnessed a surge in volumes on June 3, fuelled by multiple block trades.
True North and others sold over $175 million worth of Niva Bupa shares in a block deal in the previous session.
The company's annual consolidated revenue has shown consistent growth, increasing from Rs 6,214.43 Crore in 2021 to Rs 12,207.44 Crore in 2025
Zydus Lifesciences Share Price | Deflazacort is a corticosteroid indicated for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) in patients 5 years of age and older.
Stocks to Watch, 27
May: Stocks like InterGlobe Aviation IndiGo, KEC International, PG Electroplast, India Pesticides, Sagility India, 360 ONE WAM, Aurobindo Pharma, Bayer Cropscience, Blue Dart Express, Shilpa Medicare, General Insurance Corporation of India, Maharashtra Seamless, Lumax Industries, Amber Enterprises India, KFin Technologies, Dabur India, and Borana Weaves will be in focus on May 27.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on National Aluminium Co has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 228 in its research report dated August 08, 2025.
Broader markets: Analysts said that the recent correction smallcap and midcap stocks have brought broader market valuations back to reasonable territory.
Rangebound trading is expected to continue in the upcoming sessions amid elevated volatility.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
KKR’s stake is worth approximately Rs 13,400 crore considering the J B Pharma stock’s closing price of Rs 1,802.9 per share on June 27.
The upgrade aims to enhance Vi's network reliability, automate critical functions, optimise traffic flow and enable faster adaptation to shifting market demand
PG Electroplast will have a weak showing in the September and December quarters, according to Nuvama Institutional Equities.
The PILLS Act, or Producing Incentives for Long-term Production of Lifesaving Supply of Medicines Act, offers pharma companies tax incentives to shift 'all aspects of the manufacturing process' for generic medicines, including materials and testing, to the United States.
The broader market indices have now stayed in the green for a third consecutive session.
The settlement is worth $7 million with the plaintiffs — Humana, Centene, and Kaiser — but the company continues ton emphasize on being not guilty of the claims.
The report underscored the broader issue of unregulated foreign short-sellers impacting Indian markets.
As InGovern suggested, Viceroy’s report requires careful scrutiny.
While Vedanta’s debt servicing and governance practices are consistent with global norms, supported by robust disclosures and regulatory compliance.
The market may attempt a bounce back after six weeks of consistent losses, but sustainability will be the key to watch.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The order on compensation will be contested by the company after assessing the matter and examining the veracity, Vedanta said in its statement.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Zydus Lifesciences with a target price of Rs 970 in its research report dated May 21, 2025.
With the stock's price at Rs 7.11, Vodafone Idea's performance will likely be influenced by broader market trends and company-specific developments.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Godrej Agrovet has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 940 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Vodafone Idea has made several announcements including compliances under SEBI regulations and press releases regarding the launch of 5G in 23 cities and amendments to the Articles of Association.
The drug, a copy of Jynarque, could add up to $200 million in annual revenue by FY26, strengthening Lupin’s foothold in complex generics and supporting its margin recovery strategy.
GRSE had said in the past the Corvette is a 'high-value' order, something which the shipyard is 'eagerly looking forward to'.
Pidilite Details Dividend Tax Rules, July 19 Deadline for Forms
Jefferies said it favours stocks with higher growth visibility amid tariff-related uncertainty, adding that the IT sector is unlikely to get a re-rating unless the outlook for the US GDP improves.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 189.64, National Aluminium Company has seen a decline in early trade, positioning it among the top losers on the Nifty Midcap 150.
Strong order books, geopolitical shifts, and solid financial performance underpin Nirmal Bang Equities' conviction in these stocks.
Tube Investments of India Ltd shares are currently trading at Rs 3,028, up 0.91% in today's session.
Choice Equity Broking is bullish on Ajanta Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3180 in its research report dated May 02, 2025.
The broader market indices have more or less mirrored the downturn in the benchmark indices, after several days of outperforming them.
The Emmvee Group has a total manufacturing capacity of 2.5 gigawatts (GW) and 6.6 GW for solar cells and solar modules.
US Department of Health and Human Services expects drugmakers to align US prices for brand-name products across markets without generic or biosimilar competition
The report, citing sources, added that the deal would value the private bank at $6.5-7 billion
With the stock currently trading at Rs 100.52, Samvardhana Motherson International has experienced a notable decline in early trade.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Voltas has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1516 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,566.70, Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited showcases significant investor activity and positive financial trends, reflected in its revenue and profitability growth.
Nifty
Smallcap index is currently outperforming benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty.
The market mood is likely to remain upbeat in the upcoming session.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
The market is likely to continue trading in a range within last Thursday’s high and low.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Vishnu Chemicals has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 600 in its research report dated May 19, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Ajanta Pharma recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3260 in its research report dated April 30, 2025.
Paras Defence Q1 FY26 Net Profit Declines to ₹14.27 Crore
Lupin has seen a positive movement in today's early trading session.
RVNL shares have extended gains for a fourth consecutive session, jumping nearly 13 percent since March 17.
ICICI Securities is bearish on NHPC has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 72 in its research report dated May 22, 2025.
The selloff in Vedanta Group shares is in-line with a broad-based fall in the metal index, which is lower by over a percent on June 19, tracking Fed's caution on inflation hurting demand, and the risk of a direct US involvement in the Israel-Iran war.
Nifty Metal index rose nearly 1 percent during the day and has gained around 4 percent over the last five sessions.
Spandana Sphoorty Financial also saw selling pressure, with its shares declining 6.34 per cent to Rs 271.85 on the BSE.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 675, Jindal Stainless has experienced a notable downturn, reflecting broader market trends and specific company events.
China has achieved a lot, largely due to immense government support.
Here, it's largely the private sector
Shares of EMS firms rose on hopes of a prolonged trade dispute between the world's two biggest economies - US and China after Beijing raised additional tariffs on US goods to 125%, in retaliation to US' 145%.
Samvardhana Motherson International Announces Postal Ballot for ESOP Scheme Approval
Vodafone Idea share price: Telecom Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia said that India’s telecom sector can’t afford a duopoly.
The broader markets rebounded from the previous session's sharp selloff as bargain hunting and a broader recovery across Asia lifted sentiment amid hopes of US tariff negotiations
The Fast Track status is intended to accelerate the development and review process for drugs addressing serious conditions with unmet medical needs, potentially bringing treatments to patients faster.
Broader markets outperformed benchmark indices, with Nifty Smallcap and Nifty Midcap indices closing in the green.
Market sentiment is expected to remain positive.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Himadri Speciality Chemical Q1 Net Profit Rises to ₹182.57 Crore
Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) are a system of processes, procedures, and documentation that ensures pharmaceutical products are consistently produced and controlled according to quality standards
India's retail inflation inched down to 3.16% in April; US consumer price index increased 0.2% last month, below expectations of a 0.3% gain
The board also gave its nod to raising funds by way of issuance of eligible debt securities in Indian or foreign currency, provided that the aggregate amount to be raised by issuance of such securities would not exceed Rs 8,500 crore
'We are just trying to regroup.
One wrong move takes you back by four or five years,' Glenn Saldanha said, emphasising caution in deploying the AbbVie funds
The stock rallied over 9% on April 15 and is up more than 20% in the past month.
However, it's still down 24% for the year.
A robust 28% jump in its loan book to Rs 76,250 crore for FY25 underlines the PSU’s growing traction in renewable energy financing.
Some global companies have even proposed co-investments to set up manufacturing capacities, Vivek Sharma told Moneycontrol from the US.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on NMDC with a target price of Rs 75 in its research report dated May 28, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Solar Industries recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 16,000 in its research report dated April 22, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Lupin has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2400 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
This grant of stock options aims to incentivize and retain key employees by aligning their interests with the long-term performance of the bank
With the stock currently priced at Rs 662.15, Jindal Stainless has experienced a notable decrease today, positioning it among the Nifty Midcap 150's top losers.
IDFC First Bank’s Q1 net profit fell 32 percent to Rs 462.6 crore for the June quarter, weighed down by microfinance slippages and rising bad loans.
Abbott India Q1 FY26 Net Profit Rises 7.27% YoY to ₹365.86 Crore
Some estimates had projected Myrbetriq to contribute close to $30 million each to the quarterly sales of both the pharma companies, a note by Equirus said, suggesting a possible financial penalty as well.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 390.95, Rail Vikas Nigam is showing positive momentum in today's session.
Several major investors, including Flipkart, Carlyle, and TPG, are expected to offload stakes in listed firms via block deals worth nearly Rs 3,500 crore.
With Cochin Shipyard's shares currently trading at Rs 2111.70, the stock's performance is closely monitored by investors, especially considering its recent financial results and market sentiment.
Shares of Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited were trading at Rs 3,504.50 in Friday's session.
Piramal Pharma Share Price | The company's Q3FY25 consolidated profit plunged 63.6 percent to Rs 3.68 crore versus Rs 10.1 crore, while revenue rose 12.5 percent to Rs 2,204.2 crore versus Rs 1,958.6 crore, YoY.
UBS said that mobile tariffs at the low-end have risen, which could result in operators limiting tariff increases at the lower-end plans.
By easing Vi’s financial burden, the move enables the telco to secure Rs 25,000 crore ($3 billion) in debt funding, which will fuel its network expansion
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on PCBL Chemical has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 474 in its research report dated July 23, 2025.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 426.50, Hindustan Zinc experiences a decrease amid negative investor sentiment.
Hindustan Zinc share price: In the domestic markets, the price of silver jumped Rs 3,000 per kg
in just one day to stand at around Rs 1.07 lakh per kg.
Steel Authority of India's stock is currently trading lower, with recent financial performance showing fluctuating revenues and net profits.
Zydus Lifesciences Share Price | The said facility underwent an inspection Between 10-14 March, 2025, and the inspection has been classified as No Action Indicated (NAI).
At 09:25 am on Friday, Lupin is trading at Rs 1,889.40, a decrease of 2.06%.
The defence index had surged over 40% since the beginning of April on expectations of higher order inflows amid conflict between India and Pakistan, raging tensions between Russia and Ukraine
With the stock currently trading at Rs 434, Hindustan Zinc has shown a positive move in today's session.
Godrej Agrovet's board approved the acquisition of the remaining 48.06 percent stake in Creamline Dairy Products, which is set to become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company.
Hindustan Zinc’s operating margin also improved significantly to 42 percent, while net profit margin improved to 33 percent.
With Hindustan Zinc's price at Rs 503.70, the stock reflects positive momentum during today's session.
The board of the bank has engaged global recruitment firm Egon Zehnder to help find a new CEO
The deal between the three global private equity majors and China’s Shanghai Fosun Pharma - which owns a majority stake in the company - is likely to value the company at around $3 billion, the report added.
With shares currently trading at Rs 32,255.00, Abbott India's financial health and market performance reflect investor confidence in the company.
With today's trading price at Rs 2,147.70, Cochin Shipyard demonstrates a strong market presence, driven by significant volume and positive investor sentiment.
Paras Defence shares extended gains to third straight session to rise nearly 10 percent on Wednesday ahead of the March quarter results.
Macquarie said the ongoing loss of subscribers, the problem reflects deep-rooted challenges with no quick fixes.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Punjab National Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 130 in its research report dated July 30, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Archean Chemical Industries recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 675 in its research report dated April 09, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Marico recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 775 in its research report dated March 25, 2025.
Investors will be able to participate in F&amp;O contracts of the two securities as the March series begins, following the expiry of the ongoing February series on February 27.
With the stock's price at Rs 14,770, Solar Industries India reflects a positive trend in today's trading session.
RailTel Corporation of India Share Price | The company received order worth Rs 17,47,74,625 for network connectivity, operation &amp; maintenance (O&amp;M), hardware procurement &amp; commissioning implementation of revamped integrated communication WLAN LAN EPBAX Infrastructure.
BEML shares were the top gainer on the smallcap index, rallying over 15 percent to close at Rs 4,294.60 apiece.
Gensol's Managing Director Anmol Singh Jaggi and his brother Puneet Singh Jaggi resigned earlier this week, a month after the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) barred them from holding key positions in the company.
FTSE rejig: Bucking the trend, Vishal Mega Mart shares dropped over 1% to trade in the red at Rs 125 apiece.
Small and midcap selloff: Analysts have been flagging expensive valuations in the broader markets for some time, adding that investors should stay cautious in the space.
Gland Pharma gets US FDA nod for Visakhapatnam facility
Hero Future Energies is looking to raise around Rs 4,000 crore and CleanMax around Rs 5,000 crore
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Zydus Lifesciences with a target price of Rs 910 in its research report dated May 21, 2025.
The upcoming interaction between Paras Defence's management and Al Dhabi Capital underscores the company's ongoing efforts in investor outreach and engagement
Cochin Shipyard share price: The defence stock has jumped over 50% in the past one month.
Stocks To Watch, Feb 21: Stocks like CIE Automotive India, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare, Delta Corp, Mahindra and Mahindra, Grindwell Norton, Keystone Realtors, HG Infra Engineering, Tanla Platforms, Samvardhana Motherson International, ITI, NTPC Green Energy, Tata Steel, and Narayana Hrudayalaya will be in focus on February 21.
Yes Bank share price: SMFG is seeking to acquire nearly 5 percent stake in the Indian private lender from US investment fund Carlyle Group and other minority shareholders, Bloomberg reported.
Shares of Mazagon Dock are higher by 23 percent in the last 30 days, while Paras Defence and Data Patterns have rallied by as much as 47 percent during this period.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Hindustan Zinc with a target price of Rs 460 in its research report dated April 25, 2025.
Emkay Global Financial recommended buy rating on Punjab National Bank with a target price of Rs 125 in its research report dated May 08, 2025.
The broader market indices underperformed in comparison to the benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty.
KR Choksey is bullish on Lupin has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2472 in its research report dated February 13, 2025.
Vedanta share price: Investors await Anil Agarwal's speech during the firm's AGM, which is scheduled for today.
The company’s FY30 goals include $2 billion in revenue, 25 percent EBITDA margin and net debt to EBITDA below 1x, says Nandini Piramal
The sluggishness in FMCG sales is expected to persist till the first quarter of FY26, said analysts, as the drag due to raw material inflation is expected to continue in the coming quarters.
Sharekhan is bullish on Marico has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 825 in its research report dated May 20, 2025.
A number of Indian auto component makers have significant exposure to the US.
Their customers include Ford, General Motors, Stellantis, Tesla, and others.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Steel Authority of India with a target price of Rs 120 in its research report dated July 29, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 11
August: Stocks like Tata Motors, IDFC First Bank, Manappuram Finance, Power Mech Projects, Entero Healthcare Solutions, Voltas, Siemens, RBL Bank, DCW, Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation will be in focus on August 11.
NHPC also clarified on decision to buy co-promoter stake in PTC India.
In an exchange filing, it said &quot;the proposal either to buy or not to buy the co-promoters stake in PTC India
Limited is in very initial stage of study.&quot;
Nifty Defence index rebounded after falling nearly 0.5 percent in the previous session.
Ten of the 18 index constituents were trading in the green during the day.
Texmaco Rail and Engineering Share Price | This order includes provision for additional order relating to supply of 1040 Wagons in next 5 years and long term maintenance thereof.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,854.00, Ajanta Pharma shows a positive move in today's session.
IndusInd Bank shares were the top gainers on the index, snapping their 5-day losing streak.
This comes a day after the stock crashed 27% after the bank reported discrepancies in its derivatives portfolio.
The contract is of Rs 242.41 crore and the company is ready to execute the order with utmost diligence and adherence to the highest standards of quality and safety.
Jefferies highlighted 11 stocks amongst its India coverage universe, which the brokerage believes offer value even in the current overvaluation scenario.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Aurobindo Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1300 in its research report dated August 06, 2025.
Apple is looking to source more shipments from India as an interim arrangement to offset the high cost of imports on other Asian countries.
A clutch of IPOs of 2024 that were hyped to the skies are still struggling to take off, owing to lofty valuations, underwhelming execution, and post lock-in selling pressure.
Investors are questioning now if it is time to double down or cut the losses?
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended Accumulate rating on Navin Fluorine International with a target price of Rs 5559 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
Vodafone Idea share price: Earlier this year, the telecom major had cautioned the government that it cannot operate beyond FY26 without its support and may have to go for insolvency.
'Rising Chinese steel imports, often aided by unfair trade practices, pose a serious challenge to Indian manufacturers,' steel minister HD Kumaraswamy told Reuters
'We’ve gone through blood, sweat, and tears to get here.
This validates everything we’ve built,' Saldanha says as Glenmark Pharmaceuticals arm signs global licensing deal for cancer drug
ICICI Securities is bullish on Solar Industries recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 16,500 in its research report dated May 22, 2025.
Jupiter Wagons Secures ₹242.41 Crore Order from GATX India
In conclusion, Glenmark Pharma's stock has hit an all-time high, driven by positive financial performance and market sentiment.
ICICI Pru AMC's veteran CIO S Naren had advised caution regarding SIP investment in mid and smallcap stocks. &quot;We think it is a clear time to take out lock, stock, and barrel from small- and mid-caps,&quot; he had said.
Voltas' stock experienced a notable decline in early trading.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Jindal Stainless has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 830 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Sharekhan is bullish on Marico has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 780 in its research report dated February 17, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Godrej Agrovet recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 840 in its research report dated May 05, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bearish on Whirlpool of India has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 930 in its research report dated February 09, 2025.
The PSU company's revenue from operations meanwhile surged nearly 37 percent to Rs 1,905.06 crore.
Shares of Varun Beverages were the top gainer on the index, trading nearly 3 percent higher at Rs 533.45 apiece
Kotak Institutional has cut EPS estimate for Deepak Nitrite due to margin pressures and has revised its fair value target slightly higher to Rs 2,020.
The proposed acquisition will serve as a strategic platform for Zydus to advance its global MedTech ambitions, leveraging its established expertise in life sciences and wellness for further expansion.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Marico with a target price of Rs 718 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Lupin with a target price of Rs 1950 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Vodafone Idea has reportedly claimed that it is not getting support from lenders despite the capital infusion and equity conversion by Centre.
The reclassification results in a minor adjustment to the shareholding percentages
ESG ratings provide a comprehensive assessment of a company's performance across environmental, social, and governance parameters
With Cochin Shipyard's stock price showing a positive move, the company's financial health and market sentiment appear aligned.
The benchmark indices need to decisively close above the previous day's high for a further upward move; until then, consolidation may be seen.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to conside.
'It is great to have Warburg Pincus back and to welcome a wholly-owned subsidiary of ADIA as our shareholder,' says the lender's CEO Vaidyanathan
Acknowledged a subdued sentiment, Chopra is confident of JB Pharma's ability to outgrow the market ‘due to its focus on progressive categories and better execution’
Pidilite Industries Q1 FY26 Net Profit Rises 18.61% YoY to ₹672.41 Crore
Rail Vikas Nigam share price | The share touched a 52-week high of Rs 647.00 and a 52-week low of Rs 220.00 on 15 July, 2024 and 15 April, 2024, respectively.
The share price rose more than 42 percent in last one-year.
Sharekhan is bullish on Aarti Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 550 in its research report dated June 06, 2025.
The licensing deal is the largest one by any Indian pharma company, and the deal value is above expectations, said Nomura.
ICICI Securities is bullish on IDFC FIRST Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 80 in its research report dated July 27, 2025.
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Confirms Q1 FY26 Share Dematerialisation Compliance
Paras Defence and Space Technologies led the losses, falling 7.84 percent to hit an intraday low of Rs 860.4 on the NSE.
The stock declined after rising for four straight sessions.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Navin Fluorine International with a target price of Rs 5161 in its research report dated May 10, 2025.
With the stock hitting an all-time high, Max Healthcare Institute Limited showcases its strong market presence and robust financial health, solidifying its position as a notable player in the healthcare sector.
Max Healthcare Grants 2,00,580 Stock Options Under ESOP 2022
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Aurobindo Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1300 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
Hindustan Zinc share price: Silver's future contracts with September expiry hit a lifetime high of over Rs Rs 1.11 lakh per kg on the MCX.
The acquisition and subsequent merger will create a pharmaceutical powerhouse with combined revenues exceeding Rs 15,000 crore and EBITDA of over Rs 4,800 crore, based on FY25 pro forma figures.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Voltas with a target price of Rs 1350 in its research report dated June 17, 2025.
KR Choksey recommended accumulate rating on Balaji Amines with a target price of Rs 1640 in its research report dated February 14, 2025.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Yes Bank with a target price of Rs 20 in its research report dated July 22, 2025.
Considering the positive market sentiment and solid financial metrics, investor interest in Max Healthcare is expected to remain strong.
NMDC's recent performance reflects a decrease in its share value.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Marico has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 825 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Piramal Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 250 in its research report dated May 15, 2025.
ICICI Securities recommended reduce rating on Clean Science and Technology with a target price of Rs 1330 in its research report dated July 18, 2025.
On Friday, Trump had announced an exemption on a range of consumer electronics from a planned 125 percent tariff on Chinese goods and a 10 percent global flat rate, which turned out to be temporary, as on Sunday, he said these items are ‘just moving to a different Tariff bucket’.
The Nifty Midcap 100 index rose over 1.4 percent, crossing the 52,000-mark for the first time in over one month.
Anand Rathi is bullish on Lloyds Metals and Energy has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1570 in its research report dated May 01, 2025.
KR Choksey recommended hold rating on Anupam Rasayan India with a target price of Rs 694 in its research report dated February 17, 2025.
The RBI interest rate decision may provide direction to the market in the upcoming session.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The Nifty Midcap index has now extended losses for the third consecutive session, while the Nifty Smallcap index stood in the red for the second straight day.
Hindustan Zinc Joins International Council on Mining and Metals
Rail Vikas Nigam Share Price | The company had reported a net profit of Rs 311 crore for the third quarter of the current financial year (FY25), marking a fall of nearly 13 percent from the Rs 359 crore net profit reported in Q3 of FY24.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 133.44, Steel Authority of India reflects a subdued start in today's session.
Leading private equity firms have been approached by Whirlpool in relation to the potential sale of a 31 percent stake in its India unit, said a report.
Traders scrambled to send as much metal to US as possible ahead of the tariffs.
This, in turn, reduced the supply in the rest of the world, shooting up copper prices.
'Viceroy Research report is a malicious combination of selective misinformation and baseless allegations to discredit the Group,' says Vedanta
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on NHPC with a target price of Rs 76 in its research report dated February 09, 2025.
Azad Engineering Share Price | Last week, the company share price rose 3 percent, extending the gain in fourth week.
The share touched a 52-week high of Rs 2,080.00 and a 52-week low of Rs 1,128.40 on 20 June, 2024 and 07 April, 2025, respectively.
Bajaj Housing Finance is set to see strong inflows at nearly $48.4 million, as per IIFL Capital.
BSE is also set to see strong inflows of $30.8 million after the rejig
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,971.10, Gland Pharma has seen a decline in today's session.
Titagarh Rail's Q3 numbers disappointed the Street on all key parameters.
Weakness was felt across revenue, profit and profitability.
Sumitomo Mitsui may acquire up to 51 percent stake in YES Bank, allowing SBI and other rescuing banks from 2020 to begin exiting their stakes.
ICICI Securities is bearish on Whirlpool of India has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 980 in its research report dated May 21, 2025.
With a bullish sentiment prevailing, the stock's current price reflects strong investor confidence, underpinned by solid financial performance and consistent growth in key financial metrics.
In March, NCLT dismissed the demerger scheme filed by Talwandi Sabo Power Ltd (TSPL) after objections were raised by SEPCO, a creditor of TSPL, in relation to the demerger of Vedanta
Stocks to Watch, Mar 18: Stocks like Raymond Lifestyle, Aditya Birla Real Estate, Samvardhana Motherson International, NBCC (India), Coffee Day Enterprises, Triveni Engineering &amp; Industries, Morepen Laboratories, Life Insurance Corporation of India, Suryoday Small Finance Bank, Religare Enterprises, and Gopal Snacks will be in focus on March 18.
The railway company's revenue from operations declined nearly 3 percent year-on-year to Rs 4,567 crore in Q3 FY25.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Lupin with a target price of Rs 2,200 in its research report dated May 15, 2025.
Yes Bank declares Q1 FY26 results.
April-June net profit jumps about 60% to top Rs 800 crore, aided by high other income.
The company announced strategic expansion initiatives to bolster its pan-India presence including plans to add 1,500 beds in FY26 through brownfield expansions at Saket, Nanavati, and Mohali hospitals.
The consolidation is expected to continue until the indices decisively break the range of the last three days on either side.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
The meteorological department had on February 28 said that the maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to remain above the normal benchmarks during March, except for certain parts, including northwest India
and peninsular India.
Torrent expects to reach a peak leverage of 2.8x by FY27 in a worst-case scenario, but anticipates reducing it to below 0.5x within two years post-merger.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 69.18, NMDC has demonstrated a modest increase amid high trading volumes on Friday.
Gains in heavyweight financials offset losses in pharma stocks, which fell after U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff threats.
The EBITDA margin reached a record high of over 46%, driven by a favorable product mix.
Ircon International shares were the top gainer among the pack, jumping over 12 percent to trade at Rs 218 apiece, gaining the most in 20 weeks.
This order strengthens Titagarh Rail Systems' position as a key player in the railway infrastructure and wagon manufacturing sector
Shares of Railtel Corporation of India Ltd jumped 3.87 percent to an intraday high of Rs 300.65 per share on the NSE.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,793.30, Glenmark Pharma faces bearish sentiment as part of Nifty Midcap 150.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 691, Jindal Stainless has shown positive momentum in today's early trading session.
With the stock currently trading near its all-time high, Marico exhibits strong financial health and positive market sentiment.
On May 9, Yes Bank announced signing of a share purchase agreement between SMBC and Yes Bank along with the investors of the domestic lender.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Atul has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 8500 in its research report dated April 23, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 17,138.00, Solar Industries India’s achievement of an all-time high on the NSE today reflects its robust financial health and positive market dynamics.
Anand Rathi is bullish on Marico has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 850 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
Hindustan Zinc share price: The losing streak comes after a four-day gaining streak, during which the stock gained as much as 20% amid significant jump in silver prices.
Vedanta Shares: Canara Bank Releases Encumbrance on 56.38% Stake
With a current stock price of Rs 3232.10, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders demonstrates a promising outlook, supported by strong financial metrics and a favorable market sentiment.
Deepak Nitrite's subsidiary has approved a major investment to set up a new manufacturing complex, in an effort to expanding domestic production of key speciality chemicals, a move that is seen as a step to further de-risk the supply chain in present times for trade-related disruptions.
With the stock's current price at Rs 2483.20, Cochin Shipyard's trading volume reflects heightened investor interest and confidence during today's session.
Mankind Pharma has shown a positive movement of 2.10% in today's trading session.
“Our performance reflects the underlying resilience of our business and the strength of our diversified portfolio,” said Glenn Saldanha, Chairman &amp; MD.
“We are committed to building on this momentum in FY26, with a sharper focus on innovation and global scale.”
Yellow Line (RV Road-Bommasandra) was supposed to be ready by December 2021 but was delayed due to multiple reasons, including a rolling stock shortage.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Gland Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2340 in its research report dated August 06, 2025.
Midcap stocks also recorded strong gains to push the Nifty Midcap 100 index up 0.15 percent.
However, the midcap index had dropped yesterday to close in the red with marginal losses, while smallcap index sailed through.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,771.90, Cochin Shipyard has seen a decline of 2.02% in Monday's session.
Shareholders will have the opportunity to cast their votes remotely on the business items described in the e-AGM notice through an electronic voting system
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,675.80, Cochin Shipyard has demonstrated a positive trend in today's session, influenced by recent financial results and corporate actions.
ICICI Securities recommended reduce rating on Indus Tower with a target price of Rs 350 in its research report dated May 01, 2025.
With Abbott India's shares currently trading at Rs 31,695.00, the stock's all-time high reflects strong investor confidence and positive market dynamics.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Samvardhana Motherson recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 175 in its research report dated May 29, 2025.
Mazagon Dock Q1 Results: Sequentially, the firm’s net profit rose nearly 39% QoQ from the Rs 325 crore reported in Q4 FY25.
Piramal Pharma Ratings Upgraded to CARE AA; Stable by CARE Ratings
With Gland Pharma trading at Rs 2,059.60, the stock has demonstrated positive movement in today's trading session, reflecting a favorable market position.
SBI and the seven other banks had invested in the Bank as part of the Yes Bank Reconstruction Scheme in March 2020.
However, Nifty's move towards 24,200 would not be in a linear manner as bouts of volatility in the backdrop of looming US tariff announcement would prevail wherein, according to Dharmesh Shah of ICICI Securities.
Zydus Lifesciences Share Price | The company launched ANVIMO (Letermovir), a breakthrough in the prevention of Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection for haematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) and kidney transplant patients.
ANVIMO will be available in dosages of 240 mg
and 480 mg.
According to Emkay, Atul is expected to deliver a robust CAGR of 15% in revenue, 30% in EBITDA, and 37% in PAT over FY24–27E.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Navin Fluorine International with a target price of Rs 5100 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
In summary, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders saw a price decline of 2.57% in early trade, trading at Rs 3,093.00, amidst various corporate announcements and financial results.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Hindustan Zinc with a target price of Rs 480 in its research report dated June 17, 2025.
SMFG may also buy about $680 million in convertible bonds issued by Yes Bank to help boost growth
Brokerages deemed Zydus Life's acquisition of Amplitude Surgical as expensive, with subpar synergies that has triggered widespread caution over EPS dilution.
Data Patterns is targeting revenue growth of 20-25% for FY26, with EBITDA margins in the range of 35-40%
&quot;Heightened border tensions and weak global cues dragged down markets and the rupee.
Investors are advised to stay cautious, avoid aggressive positions, and focus on fundamentally strong stocks with limited near-term exposure to geopolitical risks,&quot; said Shrikant Chouhan from Kotak Securities.
The correction comes after metal stocks surged last week on speculation that the government may announce safeguard duties to protect the sector.
Bank Nifty slipped over 600 points to move below 55,000 mark during intraday trade.
Defence stocks: The sharp rise in the share prices pushed the Nifty Defence index up nearly 1.3%
Rangebound trading is expected to continue, with key support near the low of last Thursday.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The broader markets underperformed the benchmarks, with both BSE Midcap and BSE Smallcap losing over 1 percent each.
The Nifty Midcap index closed 1.18 percent higher at 55,041, while Nifty Smallcap index ended the session with marginal gains at 16,969.75.
There is an upsize option to sell an additional 3.5% stake worth around $100 million
Ajanta Pharma's revenue for the quarter ending March 2025 stood at Rs 1,170.41 Crore, compared to Rs 1,054.08 Crore for the quarter ending March 2024
With the stock's current price at Rs 155.85, Samvardhana Motherson International has shown positive movement, aligning with a very bullish sentiment in the market.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Piramal Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 240 in its research report dated July 29, 2025.
The market may remain consolidative, with the continuation of the &quot;sell on rally&quot; strategy.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Rail Vikas Nigam share price | On March 5, the company received letter of acceptance (LoA) from HPSEBL of Rs 729.82 crore for development of distribution infrastructure at Central Zone of Himachal Pradesh under the revamped reforms-based and results-linked, distribution sector scheme (Loss Reduction Work).
ideaForge Allots 11,011 Equity Shares Under ESOP Scheme, Paid-up Capital Rises
'The quarter underscored the resilience of Defence PSUs in managing global challenges, while private players struggled with operational inefficiencies and supply chain issues,' said Choice Broking.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on National Aluminium Co with a target price of Rs 205 in its research report dated February 12, 2025.
With NMDC's current price at Rs 73.95 and a positive move of 2.01% in today's session, investors are closely monitoring its performance within the NIFTY MIDCAP 150 index.
Market participants attributed the continued sell-off to profit booking and caution around valuation levels in the broader market.
Around 48 lakh shares or seven percent equity of Azad Engineering changed hands at an average of Rs 1,640 per share via block deals.
Hindustan Zinc Credit Rating Reaffirmed at ICRA A1+
Shares of Paras Defence and Space Technologies advanced 9.84 percent to an intraday high of Rs 1,047.7 per share on the NSE.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Vedanta with a target price of Rs 470 in its research report dated May 01, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Jindal Stainless recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 810 in its research report dated June 16, 2025.
Defence index hit the fresh 52-week high on Friday amid strong buying in the sector on hopes of boost in domestic defence manufacturing industry after Operation Sindoor achieved unequivocal success.
Lloyds Metals and Energy is part of the NIFTY MIDCAP 150 index.
The stock's performance and financial indicators reflect its growth and market position.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Jindal Stainless with a target price of Rs 715 in its research report dated March 24, 2025.
As much as $475 million in value will be unlocked as stock of seven companies eligible for trading as their shareholder lock-in ends.
Shares of Vedanta were trading at Rs 433.15, marking a 2.05% increase in Monday's session.
A recent Moneycontrol analysis has indicated a very bearish sentiment on the stock.
The shares of IndusInd Bank were the top gainer on the index, trading over 2 percent higher at Rs 1,046 apiece
The equity conversion only covers dues till September, accounting for only 15 percent of the total dues, bankers have reportedly said
The markets are still reeling under the effect of concerns over potential new tariffs from US President Donald Trump and cautious signals from US Federal Reserve officials
Zydus Lifesciences Share Price | The company board meeting will be held on August 12, 2025, to consider the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended on June 30, 2025.
Net Sales are expected to increase by 12.8 percent Y-o-Y (up 7.3 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 2,091.7 crore, according to Prabhudas Lilladher.
Rail Vikas Nigam Share Price | The company received LOA from Southern Railway worth Rs 143.4 crore.
With its current price at Rs 501.10, Hindustan Zinc's stock movement reflects a combination of market dynamics and company-specific financial factors.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Deepak Nitrite with a target price of Rs 2000 in its research report dated May 30, 2025.
While Currant Sea’s board nominee has not yet been disclosed, this marks a significant change in shareholder sentiment from May 2025, when a similar resolution was voted down.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on NMDC has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 84 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Clean Science stock fell 8 percent after Q1 results showed modest growth but missed estimates.
Management trimmed EBITDA guidance and disclosed plans for a potential promoter stake sale, which weighed on sentiment
Hindustan Zinc Clarifies on Short Seller Allegations Amid Share Fall
With the stock trading flat with high volume, Tube Investments of India shows a slight increase in price.
Stocks to Watch, 7
Apr: Stocks like Indian Bank, Tata Motors, ITC, Puravankara, Federal Bank, Bajel Projects, TVS Motor Company, Biocon, Force Motors, Larsen &amp; Toubro, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, and Siemens will be in focus on April 7.
KR Choksey is bullish on Archean Chemical Industries has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 621 in its research report dated February 13, 2025.
At active dose levels (≥ 50 µg/kg), 26 of 33 evaluable patients (79%) achieved objective responses, including stringent or complete remissions in 30%, the company said.
The US FDA however noted that the recall was a voluntary one, issued by the firm itself on March 13 this year.
With the stock's current price at Rs 105.60, SJVN has shown a positive movement in today's session.
The stock’s movement occurred amid high trading volume on Friday.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a neutral sentiment for the stock.
Welspun Corp Share Price | The share touched a 52-week high of Rs 892.25 and a 52-week low of Rs 441.00 on 21 March, 2025 and 04 June, 2024, respectively.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Lupin with a target price of Rs 2,110 in its research report dated May 16, 2025.
Hindustan Zinc Q1 Net Profit Declines to ₹2,234 Crore, Revenue at ₹7,771 Crore
The stock's early trading activity reflects a notable price movement in today's session.
Jindal Stainless shares are currently trading lower, with the stock priced at Rs 688.85 in Thursday's session.
On April 11, Sensex gained over 1,300 points, while Nifty jumped nearly 2 percent.
The sharp recovery in the benchmark indices also spilled over to the broader markets.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 93.98, SJVN has experienced a notable rise in today's session.
Vedanta to hold 60th AGM on July 10 via VC; e-voting, book closure dates announced
Hindustan Copper Share Price | The main objective of this MoU is to jointly participate in copper, critical minerals block auctions, develop and operationalise blocks for exploration and mining, and transportation and share associated risks.
360 One WAM was the top loser on the smallcap index, falling nearly 7 percent to trade at Rs 906.
This came as capital market-focused stocks extended their decline.
The company’s revenue grew 3.8% year-on-year to Rs 11,013.5 crore, on the back of tariff hikes and customer upgrades.
YES Bank Q4 results: Total income during the quarter rose to Rs 9,355.4 crore, slightly up from Rs 9,015.8 crore in the same period last year.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Glenmark Pharma recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2430 in its research report dated July 11, 2025.
'The promoters were running a listed public company as if it were a propriety firm.
The company's funds were used for unconnected expenses, as if the company's funds were promoters' piggybank,' says SEBI
Marico has already taken a price hike in Saffola, due to an increase in the import duty on edible oil by the government last year
Paras Defence's Q1 results weighed on investor sentiment as its Q1 net profit declined 32% sequentially and rose marginally on yearly basis
Anupam Rasayan: Promoter Mona Desai Releases Pledge on 20.5 Lakh Shares
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Aarti Industries with a target price of Rs 420 in its research report dated July 02, 2025.
The system, still in early stages, will rely on an internal, automated pricing engine, similar to global commodity benchmarks such as the Platts Index
Goldman Sachs has given a target price of Rs 1,350 per share for Suven Pharma
and Rs 275 per share for Piramal Pharma.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on NMDC recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 83 in its research report dated May 28, 2025.
JSL Overseas Buys 1.87 Lakh Shares of Jindal Stainless
The broader markets took a bigger hit, with the BSE Midcap and BSE Smallcap indices plunging nearly 3 percent each, sharply underperforming the benchmarks.
Yes Bank share price: A large block deal involving 3 percent equity stake in the private lender took place in a transaction valued at Rs 2,022 crore, CNBC-TV18 reports.
Defence stocks rallied for the second straight session on Tuesday, with several shares surging up to 14 percent on heightened tensions along the India-Pakistan border.
The rally in the share prices pushed the Nifty India Defence index up over a percent, extending gains for a seventh consecutive session.
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders on July 28 reported a 35% YoY decline in net profit to Rs 452 crore for the first quarter of the financial year 2026.
Navin Fluorine, SRF, PI Industries and other chemical stocks came under heavy pressure on Thursday after the US imposed a 27 percent reciprocal tariff on India.
IDFC First Bank shares hit an intraday high of Rs 77.39 apiece, the highest level seen by the stock is nearly 11 months.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 3,433.30, Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited has seen a decline in today's session.
Marico shares have risen over 10 percent in 2025 so far, despite strong volatility seen in the market amid global uncertainties.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 1,268.20, Max Healthcare Institute Limited has seen a decline of 2.12% in today's session.
Pidilite Industries Announces ₹10/Share Special Interim Dividend
The high exposure of JLR makes US a key market for Tata Motors, and experts see a hit on revenue and profitability due to the imposition of tariffs on imported car and components.
Trump called the trade imbalances as 'horrendous', which have devastated America's industrial base.
Concerns around the proposed US Biosecure Act, lingering trade tensions, and the spectre of potential US tariffs are compelling global pharma executives to actively court alternatives, an industry executive told Moneycontrol.
As much as $403 million in value will be unlocked as the shares of seven companies become eligible for trading as their pre-listing lock-in period ends.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Clean Science and Technology with a target price of Rs 1425 in its research report dated July 18, 2025.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Himadri Speciality Chemical with a target price of Rs 500 in its research report dated July 19, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bearish on Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1620 in its research report dated July 18, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 3,013.00, Pidilite Industries has shown a positive movement in today's session and is part of the NIFTY NEXT 50 index.
With the recent share price increase and the company's consolidated financial performance, INDUS TOWERS is of interest to investors in the mid-cap segment.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on NMDC with a target price of Rs 70 in its research report dated February 11, 2025.
Yes Bank's provisions and contingencies, or funds kept aside for potential bad loans, fell 32.5% on-year to Rs 318 crore
The benchmark indices are expected to consolidate further until a decisive close above short-term moving averages.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,114.50, Aurobindo Pharma experiences a decline in the early trading session.
RailTel Corporation of India Share Price | A meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled to be held on July 28, to consider and approve unaudited financial results for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2025.
The IT Index is in a bottoming out process, said Gemstone's Milan Vaishnav.
Lupin Share Price | Lupin is the exclusive first-to-file for this product and is eligible for 180 days of generic drug exclusivity.
This product will be manufactured at Lupin’s Nagpur facility in India.
Hindustan Zinc share price: The shares of the Vedanta Group company have now snapped a four-day gaining streak, which was triggered by the sharp rally in silver prices.
Arun Misra said that investments in the rare earths space will come from the Vedanta Group's planned $20 billion capital expenditure across its metals, mining, and hydrocarbons businesses over the next five to six years.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Lupin has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Incident led to damage to certain ancillary equipment and no injuries were reported, said the company
The drug patents expired in India in July 2022, which has triggered a wave of generic launches and steep price corrections across the market.
Emkay said the worst is behind for core business, major foray into consumer electronics amid the bold vision for FY30 grants SAMIL a strong footing.
Shares of Lupin were trading with a gain of 3.17% at Rs 1,910.50 in Thursday's session.
Benchmark indices may once again attempt to test the previous day's highs, but sustaining those levels is the key to watch amid ongoing consolidation.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The governance and management control will enable promoters to appoint directors on the board of the company, appoint and dismiss key employees etc.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 6.97, Vodafone Idea's performance reflects the bearish sentiment and financial challenges.
Nifty Smallcap 100 index fell 0.7% to hover around 18,666, while the Nifty Midcap 100 index dropped 0.73% to stand at 58,955 in the afternoon.
ideaForge Board to Consider Q1 FY26 Unaudited Financial Results on July 22
Shares of NTPC Green Energy were trading at Rs 108.15, with the stock seeing a gain of over 2% in today's session.
IREDA shares were the top loser among the pack of six.
The renewable energy stock fell over 7 percent to trade at Rs 144.5
The agreement grants Zydus the rights to Agenus' next-generation immunotherapy platform, which is designed to enhance and sustain the immune system's fight against tumor cells.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Atul has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 8975 in its research report dated July 18, 2025.
Financial results of several broader companies will be analysed for their exposure to US, and impact of swings in raw material prices, at a time when an ongoing tariff war is engulfing business outlook, especially for exported-oriented plays.
Indian companies must work with industrial players, system integrators and enterprise customers to develop and roll out new 5G use cases to help them monetise their investments, Vivek Badrinath has said, adding the real value lies in enterprise adoption of 5G
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,954.90, Gland Pharma faces a challenging trading environment amidst early market volatility.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Samvardhana Motherson has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 160 in its research report dated February 16, 2025.
Punjab &amp; Sind Bank shares have now extended gains for the fifth consecutive session, rising over 16 percent during the period.
Azad Engineering Credit Rating Upgraded to CARE A; Stable
Geojit Financial Services is bullish on Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 196 in its research report dated March 24, 2025.
Titagarh Rail Systems Board Approves ₹199.99 Crore Preferential Issue to Promoters
The annual revenue for 2025 stood at Rs 5,616.50 Crore, slightly decreased from Rs 5,664.72 Crore in 2024
IREDA QIP: Nearly 12.15 crore equity shares were issued at an issue price of Rs 165.14 apiece
via the QIP, marking a discount of over 4.5 percent from the floor price of Rs 173 apiece.
Broader market indices had seen significant surge in the recent days, with the market capitalization of midcap and smallcap indices surging by a whopping Rs 2.45 lakh crore and Rs 3.41 lakh crore respectively in just 7 sessions.
The firm's net profit in Q1FY26 fell 21% to Rs 67 crore as against Rs 85 crore a year ago
RailTel Corporation of India Share Price | The contract is for design, development, supply, implementation, operations and maintenance of the enterprise resource planning system(ERP) for MTC Chennai, TNSTC-Coimbatore and TNSTCMadurai and to be executed by October 18, 2026.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,276.80, Max Healthcare Institute Limited has shown a positive trend in today's session, backed by high volume and positive financial performance.
Adani Energy Solutions shares finished the session at Rs 791.10 on the NSE, down 1.37 percent with significantly higher volumes.
Geojit Financial Services recommended accumulate rating on PG Electroplast with a target price of Rs 1084 in its research report dated March 24, 2025.
Voltas's financial data indicates a fluctuating but generally positive trend in revenue and profitability.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Piramal Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 280 in its research report dated May 15, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Tube Investments of India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3515 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Akshaya Moondra's term ends in August, three years after he took the top job
Net Sales are expected to decrease by 1.6 percent Y-o-Y (up 6.5 percent Q-o-Q) to Rs. 26,090 crore, according to PL Capital.
The consolidated annual revenue for Max Healthcare Institute Limited has shown consistent growth over the past five years
ICICI Securities recommended reduce rating on Ajanta Pharma with a target price of Rs 2,500 in its research report dated May 01, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,729.10, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders' stock performance reflects the bearish sentiment in the market.
Buying shares during a market decline can translate into higher compounding returns once the uptrend begins, however, risks of a further fall may still remain.
From a longer term perspective, some experts believe the current levels may be suppressed, and could lead to strategic entry opportunities.
On May 13, Nifty Pharma index was trading 1.3% higher while the benchmark indices were trading nearly 1% lower
Trading activity in Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited reflects a dynamic market response amid recent corporate developments and financial results.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Voltas has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1450 in its research report dated June 18, 2025.
The deal marks a significant expansion of Motherson’s relationship with Airbus, as the company is already a Tier 1 supplier for Airbus Helicopter and Airbus Defence and Space.
Sharekhan is bullish on Marico has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 825 in its research report dated July 04, 2025.
The stock's last traded price was Rs 2,631.70, reflecting positive investor sentiment in today's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 707.90, Marico has demonstrated a positive trend in today's session, reflecting investor confidence.
Vodafone Idea's stock surge reflects increased investor activity.
Financial data reveals ongoing losses despite revenue growth.
Investors will be closely monitoring the company's performance.
Nirav Modi and his uncle Mehul Choksi are the prime accused in a Rs 13,850-crore scam related to the Punjab National Bank (PNB). Nirav Modi continues to remain in a prison in London for the last six years
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,115.50, Aurobindo Pharma is experiencing a notable downturn during today's session, which can be seen from its previous close.
Yes Bank deserves a double rating upgrade after posting sequential growth in profits and the fact that State Bank of India could exit with a premium, Kumar has said
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Lupin has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2420 in its research report dated February 13, 2025.
Shares of Jindal Stainless were trading with a decline in Friday's session, with the stock currently priced at Rs 688.05.
Stocks to watch, 11
June: Stocks like Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency, RBL Bank, Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail, Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals, Hindustan Copper, Titagarh Rail Systems, CreditAccess Grameen, Kaynes Technology India, Ganga Bath Fittings, Wipro, Sonata Software, and Aditya Birla Capital will be in focus on June 11.
The latest move by China is expected to reduce the dumping of cheap steel into the Indian market, which would act as a major positive to the Indian steel companies.
The Nifty Defence index rose 2 percent, with 16 out of 18 constituents trading in the green.
Broader markets: Analysts noted that the earlier drop in the stock prices were driven by profit booking following a record run.
Railtel Corporation of India Share Price | In the quarter ended December 2024, the company posted nearly 5 percent on year growth in net profit to Rs 65 crore, up from Rs 62.10 crore in the year ago period.
SBI will sell 13.19% stake for Rs 8,889 crore while the other banks together will sell 6.81% stake for Rs 4,594 crore at Rs 21.5 per share
Mankind Pharma, Alkem Laboratories, Glenmark, CORONA Remedies are some of the companies to have launched, making the drug affordable to most Indian patients
Deepak Fertilisers' Gujarat Project Cost Up 1.68% to ₹1,982.79 Cr
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Vedanta has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 525 in its research report dated May 02, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Aarti Industries with a target price of Rs 420 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
Chemplast Sanmar Announces 41st Annual General Meeting on August 12, 2025
RailTel Corporation of India Share Price | The share touched a 52-week high of Rs 618 and a 52-week low of Rs 275.30 on 12 July, 2024 and 28 February, 2025, respectively.
'This transaction reflects continued investor confidence in Vedanta’s strategic direction,' says Vedanta
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,930.30, Tube Investments of India witnessed a decline of 1.01% in today's session amid high volume and is among the top losers on Nifty Midcap 150.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Mankind Pharma recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2910 in its research report dated May 22, 2025.
Voltas share price: Voltas shares tumbled after the air-conditioner maker posted a steep fall in June-quarter profit and margins, hit by unseasonal weather, muted summer demand, and rising competition
On May 13, Chemplast Sanmar announced capex of Rs 340 crore for the production of R32 refrigerant gas
With the stock's price at Rs 1202.00, Max Healthcare Institute's performance reflects a mix of market dynamics and financial results.
Himadri Speciality Chemical brought down its expenses to Rs 883.92 crore, from Rs 1,033.08 crore in the June quarter of the last financial year.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,243.80, Max Healthcare Institute Limited is showing a positive trend in today's early trading session on the Nifty Midcap 150.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Azad Engineering has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1882 in its research report dated August 06, 2025.
The stock is exhibiting very bullish sentiment, according to Moneycontrol analysis.
Sectorally, financial services and construction led the gains, while IT and telecom lagged.
The acquisition of stake in Indian banking entities could benefit the acquiring banks as it would offer them a wider branch network, which in turn could propel franchise growth in India's competitive banking industry, said Fitch Ratings.
Zydus Lifesciences Share Price | The company received USFDA approval for nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, which will be produced at Ahmedabad facility.
With the stock's current price
at Rs 69.54, NMDC experienced a surge in trading activity during today's session, marked by high volumes and a 2.26% increase in share price.
KR Choksey is bullish on Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1768 in its research report dated February 18, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bearish on RailTel Corporation of India has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 270 in its research report dated May 05, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended hold rating on Steel Authority of India with a target price of Rs 133 in its research report dated May 29, 2025.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on Marico has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 810 in its research report dated Jun 18, 2025.
IREDA's loan book outstanding also grew in Q1, coming in at Rs 79,960 crore, a 27 percent rise from Rs 63,207 crore on-year.
With the stock price at Rs 2511.10, Mankind Pharma shows a positive price movement in today's session.
With Gland Pharma currently trading at Rs 1810.70, investors are closely monitoring its performance within the NIFTY MIDCAP 150 index.
The rally in mid and smallcap shares has pushed their respective benchmark indices higher on March 18, extending gains for a second day.
RailTel delivered a strong set of numbers for the March quarter, with net profit soaring 46% on-year and revenue jumping 57%.
Lupin Share Price | Loteprednol Etabonate Ophthalmic Gel is bioequivalent to Lotemax SM Ophthalmic Gel of Bausch &amp; Lomb Inc and will be manufactured at Pithampur facility in India.
Voltas Q1 FY26 Net Profit Declines 58% YoY to ₹140.61 Crore
Anand Rathi is bullish on Voltas has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1568 in its research report dated August 10, 2025.
The stock is currently trading at Rs 2,728.60, reflecting the recent market activity.
The key agenda for the board meeting will be the consideration and potential recommendation of a final dividend for the financial year 2024-25.
The market fell for the eighth consecutive day, marking its longest losing streak in two years, while the market capitalization of BSE-listed companies dropped below Rs 400 lakh crore for the first time since June 2024.
Indus Towers to Announce Q1 FY26 Results on July 30, 2025
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,869.20, Tube Investments of India Ltd is experiencing high trading volume in today's session.
With the stock's current price at Rs 2,207.60, Cochin Shipyard shares have demonstrated positive movement in today's session, driven by a bullish market sentiment.
IREDA also said it had an exposure of Rs 700 crore to the crisis-hit Gensol Engineering and it has already recovered a little over Rs 100 crore by way of various instruments, including encashing their bank guarantees as well as withdrawal of the FD money
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended accumulate rating on Voltas with a target price of Rs 1593 in its research report dated March 21, 2025.
Strong investor interest has meant the midcap index has outperformed the benchmark Nifty 50 index, which is up nearly 4 percent for the week at above 23,300.
Shares of Mankind Pharma were trading at Rs 2,622.00, a gain of 2.17% in Monday's session.
Shares of Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency advanced 3.96 percent to an intraday high of Rs 176.77 per share on the NSE.
The stock has been gaining for the last three days and is up 14.5 percent in the period.
Speaking to Moneycontrol, Yes Bank's Prashant Kumar said the lender is now at a stage where it does not have to make fresh provisioning for asset quality issues of the past.
With the stock currently priced at Rs 7.18, Vodafone Idea reflects a decrease compared to its previous levels.
Zydus Lifesciences Gains USFDA Nod for Diltiazem Hydrochloride Tablets
Navin Fluorine share price: The company has set a floor price of Rs 4,798.28 per share for the QIP.
Cities like Bengaluru and Mysuru are next on the map, with rollouts underway across other key markets in the remaining circles, says the telco
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a very bullish sentiment for Gland Pharma as of August 1, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Glenmark Pharma recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1690 in its research report dated May 26, 2025.
The government's recent resolve to use more of the Indus river's water for India, along with faster project approvals in J&amp;K, will likely lead to a higher viability gap funding, keeping the tariffs for its three new projects under Rs 5.5 kWh.
The telco confirmed its plans to launch 5G services across 17 telecom circles by August, a move seen as essential to closing the technology gap with competitors
The exemption follows reports of an unusually warm summer and hints from the government about policy measures to address climate change-related challenges.
Deepak Nitrite reported a 21 percent year-on-year decline in consolidated net profit for the quarter ended March 2025, at Rs 202.4 crore.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Suven Pharmaceuticals recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1400 in its research report dated March 25, 2025.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on Vodafone Idea with a target price of Rs 7 in its research report dated June 03, 2025.
Nifty India Defence Index rose 2 percent, with 14 of its 16 constituents trading in the green on Thursday.
The index has climbed over 10 percent in the last five trading sessions.
Vedanta Resources Releases Encumbrance on 56.38% of Vedanta Ltd Shares
At 12:09 pm, the stock experienced high and unusual trading volume.
Glenmark: USFDA Issues 5 Procedural Observations for Monroe Unit
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Voltas recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1710 in its research report dated March 19, 2025.
Sharekhan is bullish on Vinati Organics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2300 in its research report dated July 03, 2025.
Defense stocks have staged a sharp rebound, surging up to 30 percent in a week, driven by domestic order momentum and global military spending.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,645.60, Ajanta Pharma is currently trading positively, reflecting a gain of 2.10% in today's session.
This decision was communicated to the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd and BSE Ltd on July 14, 2025
Marico reported a 48% year-on-year increase in copra prices in FY25 — a key raw material in its coconut oil portfolio — which is expected to exert pressure on gross margins through the end of Q1 FY26.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Sagility India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 60 in its research report dated May 16, 2025.
The shares of the company dropped to an intraday low of Rs 147.2 per share on the NSE.
Later it pared some of its losses to to quote at Rs 148.7 apiece, down by 0.59 percent.
RailTel Corporation of India Share Price | In the previous week, company received the work order from State Transport Authority
Odisha for project business amounting to Rs 2,62,33,85,540 for upgradation of existing Command Control Centre to Unified Command Control Centre &amp; Implementation of Intelligent Enforcement Management System (lEMS) for State Transport Authority.
'The specialty chemical covered under this agreement has niche applications in the aviation and electronics sectors,' said Anupam Rasayan CEO Gopal Agrawal.
The company has a net debt of Rs 5,784 crore, which translates into net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.8x.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,934.10, Gland Pharma has demonstrated a positive movement in today's session.
Emkay is bearish on Yes Bank has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 17 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
Vedanta Declares ₹7/Share Interim Dividend for FY26
With the stock currently priced at Rs 156.62, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency has experienced a decline of 2.11% in today's session.
With a price increase of 2.06%, Ajanta Pharma reflects activity in today's trading session.
LKP Research is bullish on NMDC has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 84 in its research report dated May 30, 2025.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on National Aluminium Co has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 275 in its research report dated February 11, 2025.
The company's revenue for the quarter-ending March 2025 stood at Rs 29,316.83 Crore, compared to Rs 27,058.22 Crore for the quarter-ending March 2024
The Vedanta group company operates five mines and three smelters in the state of Rajasthan which shares a long and sensitive border with Pakistan, making it a region of strategic concern during periods of heightened military alertness.
Easing tensions between India and Pakistan have significantly boosted share prices this week, supported by a thaw in trade war between US and China.
The consolidation is expected to continue as long as the frontline indices trade below the 50-day EMA.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Defence stocks rallied sharply on May 19 after the Defence Acquisition Council approved emergency procurement of arms worth around Rs 40,000 crore.
Cochin Shipyard shares have been rising for the last five trading sessions and are up nearly 24 percent in the period.
Geojit Financial Services has kept a 'Buy' rating on the stock, with a target price
of Rs 196 per share.
This implies an upside potential of nearly 15 percent from the stock's previous closing price.
The shares of small cap stocks also saw significant rise on March 19, with the Nifty Smallcap index jumping over 2 percent to to close at around 15,748.
Clean Science to Hold Board Meeting on July 17 for Q1 FY26 Results
Stocks to Watch, Mar 27: Stocks like TVS Supply Chain Solutions, Timken India, Indian Hotels Company, Restaurant Brands Asia, IRM Energy, Ashok Leyland, Vedanta, NHPC, MSTC, Bank of India, Aditya Birla Capital, Macrotech Developers, Bandhan Bank, HDFC Bank, Hindustan Unilever, and Oracle Financial Services Software will be in focus on March 27.
Considering the current chart structure, Manappuram Finance and SRF are both likely to continue their upward journey in the next couple of trading sessions.
Vedanta says the report is 'a malicious combination of selective misinformation and baseless allegations'
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Jindal Stainless has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 678 in its research report dated May 10, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on PCBL Chemical has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 543 in its research report dated March 24, 2025.
Today's price movement reflects ongoing market adjustments.
Investors are likely weighing the company's financial performance and broader market conditions to inform their investment decisions.
Garden Reach Shipbuilders, Cochin Shipyard, Hindustan Aeronautics among other defence stocks fell sharply as easing geopolitical tensions prompted profit booking.
The telecom company has said that the Centre, with 49 percent stake, is handicapped in granting relief due to the AGR judgment.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on JB Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2030 in its research report dated May 16, 2025.
With Rail Vikas Nigam's stock currently trading at Rs 392.40, the company's performance remains a focal point for investors tracking the NIFTY MIDCAP 150 and Nifty LargeMidcap 250 indices.
Brokerages were divided on their outlook on Gujarat Fluorochemicals, despite the miss in standalone EBITDA and margins.
The consolidation and rangebound trading may continue in the near term.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
For the full financial year FY25, net profit stood at Rs 1,525 crore, down 48.4 percent year-on-year
Shares of Cochin Shipyard are currently trading lower compared to its previous close.
Samvardhana Motherson also announced that its board of directors has approved fundraising through the issuance of non-convertible debentures worth up to Rs 8,500 crore on a private placement basis.
The positive momentum is expected to persist in the upcoming sessions, despite potential consolidation.
Below are some trading ideas for the near term.
Sharekhan is bullish on Vinati Organics has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2000 in its research report dated March 19, 2025.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Pidilite Industries with a target price of Rs 3200 in its research report dated August 08, 2025.
These big-ticket orders include a repeat order of three Kalvari-class submarines, the P75I Submarine order, next-generation corvettes, and P-17B frigates.
Railway stocks: Titagarh Rail Systems shares surged nearly 6%, extending gains for the third consecutive session.
The stock has now recovered nearly 42% from its 52-week low of Rs 655 apiece, which it had hit in March.
Gensol has also procured electric vehicles on behalf of ride-hailing service BluSmart.
Gensol's former managing director, Anmol Singh Jaggi, is BluSmart's co-founder.
Shares of Ajanta Pharma rose 2.09% to Rs 2,824.90, driven by bullish investor sentiment.
Lupin Inks Pact with SUP for Tiotropium DPI in China Market
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Atul recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 8450 in its research report dated May 03, 2025.
With the stock currently trading with a gain of 2.26% at Rs 344.20, Rail Vikas Nigam has shown positive momentum in today's session.
With the stock's current price at Rs 3,133.10, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders experienced a downturn of 2.10% during today's session, reflecting a shift in market dynamics.
If the IPO plans fructify, then Inox Clean Energy would be the fifth company from the INOXGFL group to list on the bourses
The MCMVs will bridge the gap in India's maritime defense to detect, track and destroy underwater mines
The stock’s current performance aligns with a very bullish sentiment as indicated by Moneycontrol analysis.
The shares will be sold at a discount of up to 10% to previous close price, the channel reported
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on JB Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2030 in its research report dated July 31, 2025.
The lawsuit has cast a shadow over Vadodara-based company's market debut.
It has warned of serious business impact if the court accepts Alkem's demand that Allchem not be allowed to use its name and the IPO process frozen
Mankind Pharma's stock is currently trading at Rs 2,637.20, reflecting the day's decline.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates very bearish sentiment on the stock as of July 22, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 68.01, NMDC experienced a notable decrease of 1.53% during today's session.
The order is expected to be completed within two-and-a-half years.
With the stock's current price at Rs 726.10, Jindal Stainless demonstrates a promising financial outlook backed by revenue growth and robust profitability.
Stocks To Watch, Feb 19: Stocks like Indian Overseas Bank, Larsen &amp; Toubro, Container Corporation of India, Cello World, RBM Infracon, Bharti Airtel, Voler Car, PS Raj Steels, and Maxvolt Energy Industries will be in focus on February 19.
Zinc prices have been under pressure this year due to rising supply and weak demand.
The heavy reliance on construction sector, facing a global slowdown, along with tariff-related uncertainty for manufacturing has further dampened sentiment.
The correction in NHPC's stock can give investors an inexpensive opportunity to accumulate, noted brokerage CLSA.
An extended summer season is anticipated, which should help Voltas compensate for the volume lost in early FY26, noted brokerages.
Prabhudas Lilladher recommended reduce rating on Aarti Industries with a target price of Rs 394 in its research report dated May 09, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,656.30, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders experiences downward movement amid bearish market sentiment.
Volvo Car AB is cutting $1.87 bn in costs to counter tepid demand and trade tensions weighing on the auto industry; Porsche now projects return on sales to fall to as low as 6.5%, down from previous guidance of at least 10%
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,987, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders has experienced a notable decline in today's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 676.45, Jindal Stainless has shown a positive move in today's early session, reflecting investor confidence.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Tube Investments of India recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3658 in its research report dated May 17, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 20.41, Yes Bank's performance reflects an increase from its previous close, supported by recent financial results and corporate developments.
With the stock's current price at Rs 1,339.00, Voltas shows a positive movement in today's trading session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 7.35, Vodafone Idea shows a positive move in today's early trading session.
Q4 result: Delhivery's EBITDA grew over 100 percent on-year to Rs 119 crore
ICICI Securities is bullish on Samvardhana Motherson International recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 155 in its research report dated February 16, 2025.
Shares of Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency declined 4.37 percent in early trade on Friday.
Nifty Smallcap100 rose up to 9 percent over the five-session period
till May 16, and the Nifty Midcap100 gained nearly 7 percent in the same period.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Godrej Agrovet has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 980 in its research report dated July 23, 2025.
The company further aspires to achieve a revenue target of Rs 100 crore in the first year of the operations, said Vivek Lohia, the Managing Director of the Group.
Cochin Shipyard is included as one of the stocks in the Nifty Midcap 150 index.
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders reported a 51 percent fall in net profit for the March quarter of FY25, with earnings falling to Rs 325.3 crore.
The stock fell as the company announced that as part of doubling the capacity of zinc, lead and silver, the board of directors approved the initial plans for capacity expansion.
Deven Choksey recommended accumulate rating on Balaji Amines with a target price of Rs 1612 in its research report dated June 10, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,623.40, Mankind Pharma has demonstrated a positive trend in today's early trading session, supported by its financial performance and recent corporate announcements.
Nifty Metal was the only sectoral index that settled in green while others sectors ended in the red in Friday's trading session.
SAIL Appoints Pranoy Roy as Independent Director for Three Years
Steel Authority of India shares fell 2.01% in today's session, influenced by bearish market sentiment and recent financial results.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on Aurobindo Pharma has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1440 in its research report dated May 27, 2025.
Metal shares were among the major gainers on Friday as the global tariff war fears subsided on Trump's 90-day pause.
Astra Microwave said it would also consider a proposal to convene an Extra-Ordinary General Meeting to seek shareholder approval for the fund raising.
Both SAIL and Tata Steel have strong bullish indicators on their charts, and with the Nifty Metal Index on the verge of a breakout, these stocks are worth adding to your watchlist.
RailTel Corporation of India share price | The company board at their meeting held on June 15, 2025 has approved the recommendation of final dividend at the rate of 8.5% of paid-up share capital (Rs 0.85 per share) for the financial year 2024-25.
Laxmi Organic Industries Submits FY25 Annual Report, Announces ₹1,100 Crore Strategic Investment
Business daily Livemint had reported earlier this in February citing sources that Blackstone, Brookfield, and Warburg Pincus were in talks to acquire a majority stake in Gland Pharma, a maker of generic injectables.
With the stock's current price at Rs 3246.90, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders reflects a notable shift in investor sentiment for the stock.
Shares of Cochin Shipyard were trading at Rs 1,658, a decline of 2.05% on Friday afternoon.
SMBC operates four branches in India and now looking to transition to a full-fledged subsidiary model to facilitate the acquisition of the majority stake in Yes Bank
Stocks to Watch, 12
May: Stocks like Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Navin Fluorine International, Bank of India, Yes Bank, Swiggy, Manappuram Finance, ABB India, and Puravankara will be in focus on May 12.
With the stock's current price at Rs 2,083.70, Cochin Shipyard shows positive momentum in today's trading session.
Devan Choksey is bullish on Zydus Lifesciences has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1069 in its research report dated May 26, 2025.
Fevicol-maker Pidilite Industries is also reported to be in the race, though its main target is Akzo’s decorative business
ICICI Securities is bullish on Abbott India has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 35,750 in its research report dated May 16, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2212.60, Cochin Shipyard's performance reflects a positive trend, supported by strong financials and favorable market sentiment.
With the stock's current price at Rs 458.00, Hindustan Zinc experienced a downturn in today's session.
Jyotiraditya Scindia said that Vodafone Idea won’t be bailed out further through the equity conversion route
Sai Life Sciences
Share Price: According to the March quarter shareholding data, TPG Asia held a 24.7 percent stake in Sai Life Sciences.
Defence stocks: 'While the momentum may fluctuate, the long-term outlook for India’s defence sector remains structurally attractive in an increasingly uncertain global landscape,' says Ajit Mishra from Religare Broking.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Indus Towers with a target price of Rs 395 in its research report dated May 01, 2025.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Piramal Pharma recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 265 in its research report dated July 29, 2025.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on IDFC First Bank with a target price of Rs 72 in its research report dated April 27, 2025.
Shares of NMDC gained 2.19% to trade at Rs 72.34 in Friday's early session.
Pharma major Alkem Labs has filed a case against IPO-bound, Vadodara-based Allchem Lifesciences in the Delhi High Court, seeking damages and injunction on the use of the trademark.
The matter will now be heard on July 9 with both parties directed to go through mediation.
For Q4, the bank’s net profit stood at Rs 503.7 crore, up 36 percent from Rs 370.74 crore in the same quarter last year
Earlier this week, PB Fintech said it proposes to infuse Rs 696 crore in its wholly owned subsidiary PB Healthcare Services in the next financial year to grow its business.
PC Jeweller was able to achieve a standalone revenue growth of approximately 80 percent in Q1, despite volatility in gold prices.
PC Jeweller: Promoter ups stake via 3.08 cr warrant conversion
Moneycontrol analysis indicates very bearish sentiment on the stock as of August 20, 2025.
Choice Broking in its latest note said the valuation of real estate companies are looking more reasonable after the recent correction, and investors assessed the impact of RBI rate cut on real estate demand.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,849.50, PB Fintech's performance will be closely monitored by investors.
Shares of Angel One Ltd dropped to an intraday low of Rs 1,952.25 per share on the NSE, down 10 percent.
The stock has been falling for the last six days and is down nearly 17 percent
in the period.
Vietnam holds a 19 percent
share in the U.S. ready-made garment market, while Bangladesh holds for 9 percent
and India follows with 6 percent.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on RBL Bank with a target price of Rs 250 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
Paytm share price: JM Financial reiterated its 'Buy' rating on the stock, with a target price of Rs 1,070
Angel One reported a 48.7 percent fall in net profit for the quarter ended March, clocking in at Rs 174.5 crore, as against Rs 339.9 crore last March.
Shares of Bandhan Bank, AU Small Finance Bank, Fusion Finance and other lenders rose up to 8 percent in February 27, after RBI restored risk weights on exposure of schedule commercial banks (SCBs) to non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), a move that may reduce the cost of funds.
PC Jeweller Allots 34.67 Crore Shares on Warrant Conversion
PB Fintech said by running its own hospitals, the company aims to reduce avoidable surgeries and deliver a full-stack patient experience.
Godrej Properties announced on June 16 that it will develop a premium residential project on a land parcel spanning across approximately 14 acres in Hoskote, East Bengaluru.
Global index provider MSCI added Coromandel International and Nykaa to its Global Standard Index in its latest semi-annual review, effective May 30, 2025.
Textile manufacturers such as Welspun Living, Indo Count, Vardhman Textiles, Gokaldas Exports, Pearl Global and KPR Mills lost between 3% and 9% after Trump's tariff and penalty threat
Sharekhan is bullish on AU Small Finance Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 900 in its research report dated June 16, 2025.
Short term indicators are showing positive divergence suggesting lack of downside momentum but positive price action awaited in the Nifty 50, said Ashish Kyal of Waves Strategy Advisors.
AU Small Finance Bank Share Price | The share price jumped more than 25 percent in the last six months, hitting 52-week high of Rs 840.95 on 02 July, 2025.
Kalyan Jewellers has shared a strong revenue growth in its business update, with the surge in India business driven by a robust wedding demand, however, the shares were under pressure, in-line with the weakness in the broader market.
BSE shares jump 5% to hit all-time high as market regulator SEBI is likely to relax some F&amp;O norms.
Goldman Sachs chose 10 stocks for its top bets across financials, consumer, industrials, and clean energy sectors, expecting strong growth and good returns.
Godrej Properties’ stock rose for the fifth straight day after it announced a 48-acre land acquisition in Bengaluru, adding to its recent deals in Raipur and Pune as it expands its residential portfolio.
Earnings reactions | Kalyan Jewellers shares rose over 1.5 percent while Dhanlaxmi Bank saw its share price jump by over 2.3 percent on May 9.
Sharekhan is bullish on Max Financial Services has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1850 in its research report dated June 24, 2025.
Kenghe earlier served as the Vice President and general manager of Google Pay in India, Japan, Singapore, and the rest of the Asia Pacific region
Benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty rallied sharply, buoyed by multiple factors.
Delhivery, PB Fintech, Coforge, along with recently listed One Mobikwik Systems, saw various trades in the block deal window on Thursday.
Motilal Oswal anticipates a gradual recovery in trading volumes, supported by increased retail participation
The valuation of the stock looks stretched, says Nomura, which expects Godrej Properties to miss its FY26 pre-sales guidance.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,635.00, Max Financial Services has demonstrated significant trading activity and financial performance.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Godrej Properties has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2843 in its research report dated July 17, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, 21
August: Stocks like Clean Science and Technology, Shanti Gold International, India Cements, RailTel Corporation of India, Jupiter Wagons, V-Guard Industries, Fortis Healthcare, Innova Captab, Poly Medicure, Enviro Infra Engineers, and Prostarm info Systems will be in focus on August 21.
DLF Clocks ₹2,300 Crore in Sales for Mumbai Project 'The Westpark'
Motilal Oswal noted that RBL Bank reported a beat on earnings expectations, with margins sharply moderating due to the repo rate cuts.
The three promoters alone held a little over 61 percent stake in the company, as on March 31, 2025.
The company in a statement on June 30 said that its Panipat project will be fourth residential plotted township in North India
The sharp up move was seen after the company closed the April-June quarter on a strong note clocking a robust performance.
The organised retail market share in the jewellery business has been consistently rising from 32 percent in 2020 to 40 percent this year, with high demand and ownership in the rural India.
IRDAI's action dates back to June 2020 when it conducted a remote inspection of PolicyBazaar’s operations during its IWA tenure and found irregularities in how it managed the sales processes, disclosures, partnerships, and premium flows.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates very bullish sentiment on the stock.
The secured lending business (Loan against Securities), which began active retail operations in 2021 via NBFC Zerodha Capital, posted a revenue of Rs 36 crore, with a profit of Rs 12.25 crore in FY25, up from Rs 7.2 crore a year ago.
The firm declined to comment on the latest capital infusion.
Brokerages noted that RBL Bank reported a beat in earnings, with margins remaining broadly stable, while asset quality ratios improved.
Emkay recommended reduce rating on AU Small Finance Bank with a target price of Rs 725 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on AU Small Finance Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 775 in its research report dated April 22, 2025.
HDFC Asset Management Company reported a 24% on-year jump in net profit to Rs 748 crore for the first quarter of the financial year 2026.
While US recession and inflationary pressure remain in sight following Trump's tariffs, few experts suggest that the effect may spill over to the global market
PC Jeweller Board to Consider Fundraising via Preferential Allotment on July 10
With DLF's price at Rs 847.20, the stock reflects investors' bullish outlook, supported by strong financial metrics and its position in key market indices.
KPR Mill's stock performance reflects a bearish sentiment at 11:32 am, with the stock currently trading at Rs 1,165.30.
Moneycontrol analysis indicated bearish sentiment on the stock as of July 31, 2025.
Antfin has gradually pared its stake in Paytm over the last two years.
Apart from the latest deal, Antfin sold shares worth around Rs 1,371 crore in August 2023 as part of its ongoing efforts to reduce exposure and aligns with regulatory sentiment around long-term Chinese-origin investors.
AMC stocks: While inflows into equity mutual funds declined, the monthly inflows into mutual funds through SIP route rose to a fresh high of Rs 26,688 crore in May.
ICICI Securities is bullish on DLF has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 954 in its research report dated August 06, 2025.
Sharekhan is bullish on KPR Mill has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1287 in its research report dated June 05, 2025.
Realty shares gained, tracking a broader positive sentiment in the domestic market after widespread selling in the previous session.
The Gurugram-based real estate firm will launch The Westpark project at the Oshiwara neighbourhood of Mumbai's Andheri suburb.
Godrej Properties shares are currently trading lower, with the stock showing a decline of 2.01% in early trade.
CLSA said that DLF calibrated its supply to market demand, avoided any equity dilution, and consistently exceeded its own guidance.
Ambarish Raghuvanshi has been appointed as the Interim CFO, with effect from November 20, until the appointment of a new CFO.
Raghuvanshi earlier served as the CFO
of the company between 2001 and 2014.
Nifty Realty index rose over 2 percent intraday amid heavy buying in the counters on rate cut hopes in RBI's June monetary policy review.
PB Fintech's stock is included as one of the stocks in the benchmark NIFTY MIDCAP 150 index.
As many as 3–4 small finance banks may be required to raise capital in the next 6–12 months owing to asset quality issues plaguing the micro lenders, sources familiar with the development have said.
DLF is expected to price the apartments in its Mumbai the project, located in the suburb of Oshiwara in Andheri (West) between Rs 5.5 crore
to Rs 7.5 crore.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on RBL Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 290 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
For the full financial year 2024-25, PC Jeweller reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 577.70 crore.
The sharp fall in the share prices pushed the Nifty Realty index down more than 4%, to emerge as the top sector loser on the market today.
Moneycontrol's sentiment analysis, conducted on July 10, 2025, indicates a very bullish outlook for the stock.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Angel One recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2800 in its research report dated April 17, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,754.50, PB Fintech has experienced a noticeable decline, placing it among the top losers on the Nifty Midcap 150 index.
One 97 Communications Paytm's stock reached a new 52-week high in Wednesday's early trading session.
Market participants remain cautious as global and domestic factors continue to weigh on sentiment, including global tariff war fears and the reciprocal tariff announcement by the United States starting April.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,260.00, Godrej Properties is experiencing a downturn in today's session.
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on One 97 Communications with a target price of Rs 870 in its research report dated May 06, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Kalyan Jewellers recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 700 in its research report dated August 08, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 2,211.00, Godrej Properties has seen a decline of 2% in today's session.
As of March 2025, key financial ratios include a basic EPS of Rs 17.64, a book value per share of Rs 171.90, and a dividend per share of Rs 6.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 600.10, Kalyan Jewellers India has experienced a notable decline in early trade, positioning it among the top losers on the Nifty Midcap 150.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on RBL Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 220 in its research report dated April 27, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 507.45, Kalyan Jewellers India has seen a significant downturn amid high volume and a volume surge.
The company's yearly financial performance demonstrates substantial growth
With the stock currently trading at Rs 587.40, Kalyan Jewellers India has shown positive momentum in today's early trading session.
Raymond Realty share price: After the IPO-less market debut, the shares surged 5% to hit the upper circuit at Rs 1,050 apiece.
Later, they erased all gains to close in the red at Rs 999 apiece.
BSE share price: The shares of the stock exchange tumbled nearly 8% in the past one month, after SEBI restrained Jane Street from participating in the Indian stock market.
This came after a 33% surge in the past six months.
Monthly inflows through the Systematic Investment Plan route into mutual funds only saw a marginal decrease from February despite global uncertainties.
The Alibaba entity is likely to sell shares of the fintech firm at floor price of Rs 809.75 apiece
RBL Bank said that the GST search proceedings are currently ongoing and that the lender is fully cooperating with authorities.
Nifty Realty index is currently the worst performing sectoral index on the market, extending significant losses for the second consecutive session amid rising geopolitical uncertainties.
The index has fallen over 6 percent over these two sessions so far.
DLF's maiden Mumbai project, branded as The Westpark, includes 416 apartments across four towers, and first phase of the deal carries a revenue potential of around Rs 2,300 crore.
The realty index has recorded losses in 11 out of 13 straight sessions.
The index declined nearly 15 percent in 2025 so far, after a strong surge of nearly 45 percent in 2024.
With the stock currently trading near its 52-week high, HDFC Asset Management Company showcases consistent financial growth and strong market positioning.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on HDFC Asset Management Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5700 in its research report dated July 17, 2025.
Positive update from Angel One lifted sentiment across the capital markets segment.
The Nifty Capital Market index rose up to 2% intraday.
Shares of Angel One and other capital market stocks have been under selling pressure amid a broader market sell-off, of late.
With the stock currently trading near its 52-week high, One 97 Communications Paytm has demonstrated a strong performance in today's session on the Nifty Midcap 150 index.
ICICI Securities is bullish on AU Small Finance Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 725 in its research report dated April 23, 2025.
As of March 2025, KPR Mill's key financial ratios include a book value per share of Rs 146.34 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.09
PB Fintech's stock price reflects a dynamic interplay of financial performance, market sentiment, and broader economic factors.
Investors are advised to consider these aspects while making informed decisions.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Godrej Properties has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2843 in its research report dated August 01, 2025.
Emkay Global Financial recommended buy rating on RBL Bank with a target price of Rs 225 in its research report dated April 26, 2025.
A total of 3.8 crore
shares changed hands today of Kalyan Jewellers India generating a total turnover of Rs 1,915.33 crore.
The company announced that 'Godrej Astra' is strategically located in Gurugram's Golf Course Road micro-market and is spread across nearly 2.76 acres of land.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Angel One has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3200 in its research report dated July 17, 2025.
As much as $390 million in value will be unlocked as the shares of eight companies become eligible for trading as their pre-listing lock-in period ends.
Both DLF and Macrotech Developers, the top listed developers by market capitalisation, reported significant increases in booking value, crossing their guidance for the year and reaching new records.
The market may remain consolidative and rangebound until it gives a strong close above all key moving averages.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Belrise Industries shares has seen buying interest for fourth consecutive week, rising nearly 37 percent during the period.
PB Fintech’s consolidated revenue for FY25 grew 45 percent year-on-year to Rs 4,977 crore, supported by growth in the company’s insurance distribution business.
The show cause notice was sent to First Games after DGGI had taken the view that GST liability should be calculated at 28% on the total entry amount, higher than the 18% GST paid on the platform fee generated by the gaming companies.
Paytm reported a net profit of Rs 123 crore
in Q1FY26, its first operationally-driven profit since listing, aided by strong growth in lending and a 19 percent drop in expenses.
Revenue rose 28 percent year-on-year to Rs 1,918 crore, while EBITDA turned positive at Rs 72 crore.
A rate cut effectively reduces home loan EMIs for customers, which in turn boosts housing demand.
A note by Nuvama Research is projecting that Coromandel International, One 97 Communication and FSN E-commerce Ventures could be included into the MSCI Global Standard Index during the May rejig, while Thermax could be excluded.
While Moneycontrol couldn't immediately ascertain the buyers and sellers of the block deal, True North, Indium IV (Mauritius), and Silver Leaf Oak PE funds were likely sellers in the block trade worth Rs 600 crore.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on DLF has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1005 in its research report dated August 05, 2025.
ICICI Securities recommended hold rating on PB Fintech with a target price of Rs 1840 in its research report dated August 04, 2025.
Indian equities have surged sharply since April lows, pushing valuations higher, particularly in the midcap space, prompting Jefferies to raise caution.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on AU Small Finance Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 875 in its research report dated August 07, 2025.
Morgan Stanley kept an 'Underweight' call PB Fintech shares, with a target price
of Rs 1,130 apiece.
This implies a downside potential of over 36 percent from the stock's previous closing price.
This translates to a significant 250% dividend payout when calculated against the company's equity share
face value of ₹2 per share.
Moneycontrol analysis indicates a very bullish sentiment on the stock as of August 19, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 814.55, DLF has seen a decline in today's session.
Shares of Shanti Gold International listed at Rs 227.55 per share on the NSE, a premium of 14.35 percent from it's IPO price.
Emkay is bullish on RBL Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 300 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,795.40, PB Fintech has experienced a downturn in today's session, reflecting broader market dynamics.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on HDFC Asset Management Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4600 in its research report dated April 21, 2025.
ICICI Prudential MF Sells 2.08% Stake in Max Financial Services
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on Max Financial Services with a target price of Rs 1750 in its research report dated August 08, 2025.
LKP Research is bullish on AU Small Finance Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 760 in its research report dated April 23, 2025.
KPR Mill shares witnessed positive movement in the early trading hours, reflecting a bullish investor sentiment.
This is also a good time to rotate capital into laggards with improving structures, rather than stocks that have already doubled or tripled in the recent run-up, said Rahul Ghose of Hedged.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on RBL Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 250 in its research report dated Jun 03, 2025.
Max Financial Services Confirms Q1 FY26 Share Dematerialization Compliance
Phoenix Mills is set to report its January-March quarter earnings on April 30, while Godrej Properties will announce its earnings on May 3.
Investor interest also remains high on the auspicious occasion of Akshaya Tritiya.
In an exclusive conversation, R Subramaniakumar, MD &amp; CEO of RBL Bank said the bank’s interest in wealth management stems from its shift towards a customer-centric rather than a product-centric approach.
PB Fintech share price dropped over 5 percent in March 12 trade as the company's Rs 696 crore investment plan in PB Healthcare Services failed to excite the investors.
Textile makers Trident, Gokaldas Exports, Arvind, KPR Mill and Welspun Living lost 0.7%-3% on August 7
Real Estate Stocks: The fall in the share prices pushed the Nifty Realty index down nearly 1 percent into the red, extending losses for the second consecutive session.
Stocks to Watch, 23
July: One 97 Communications Paytm, Lodha Developers, Oberoi Realty, Kirloskar Ferrous Industries, KEI Industries, JSW Infrastructure, Alpex Solar, Monika Alcobev, and Denta Water and Infra Solutions will be in focus on July 23.
With DLF's stock currently trading at Rs 808.40, it reflects the early morning price movement in today's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,071.90, Godrej Properties has experienced a downturn amid bearish market sentiment.
Nomura has set a target price of Rs 700 for DLF,  citing a lack of fresh triggers in its FY26 guidance and a decline in pre-sales momentum.
The stock is experiencing positive movement in morning trade.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 971.60, One 97 Communications Paytm reflects a positive trend in today's session, influenced by overall market dynamics and specific financial results.
With the stock's current price at Rs 883.50, Moneycontrol's analysis as of June 12, 2025, indicates a neutral sentiment for One 97 Communications Paytm.
Market sentiment may improve further with the fall in India VIX and amid hopes of a 25 bps cut in the repo rate in the policy meeting on June 6.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HDFC AMC has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 6400 in its research report dated July 17, 2025.
Kalyan Jewellers Q1 FY26 Consolidated Revenue Jumps 31%
Motilal Oswal recommended Neutral rating on One 97 Communications with a target price of Rs 1000 in its research report dated June 30, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,265.70, Godrej Properties has exhibited a decline of 2.03% in today's session.
Sharekhan is bullish on Gokaldas Exports has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1140 in its research report dated May 23, 2025.
Nifty realty index has gained over 6 percent in last two trading session, adding over Rs 30,000 crore in market capitalisation.
Antfin may sell its entire 5.84 percent stake in the Paytm parent worth Rs 3,803 crore or $434 million via the block deal route.
The firm's standalone net profit rose by 18% YoY to Rs 638 crore in the fourth quarter of FY25
Broader markets: The sharp rise in the share prices pushed the broader market indices into the green sharply.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 802.75, AU Small Finance Bank is currently reacting to early trading pressures on the NIFTY MIDCAP 150.
With the current price at Rs 2290.00, Godrej Properties has shown a positive movement in today's trading session.
Proceeds from the fresh issue will be used to fund its working capital requirements and general corporate purposes.
Senco Gold shares rose 4.76 percent to an intraday high of Rs 372 apiece on the NSE.
The stock has gained nearly 10 percent over the past five sessions.
Global recession fears reduce the appeal of the equity markets, which are subject to volatility amid uncertainties.
Kotak Institutional Equities downgraded its rating on the bank to 'sell', but increased its target price to Rs 700 per share, from Rs 650 earlier.
Moneycontrol's sentiment analysis as of July 11, 2025, indicates a very bullish outlook for the stock.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 2,336.20, Godrej Properties has demonstrated a positive movement in today's session.
Real Estate Stocks: Nifty Realty was marginally down in the red to hover around 1,038 in the morning, snapping a two-day gaining streak.
The consultation paper has proposed to focus on reducing compliance costs for stock brokers while balancing investor protection.
FII futures positioning still shows a heavy concentration of shorts around.
Until this data turns more constructive or prices start to form a consistent pattern of higher highs and higher lows, the Nifty 50 is likely to remain anchored near the lower end of the Bollinger Bands, Rahul Sharma of JM Financial said.
Sharekhan is bullish on Gokaldas Exports has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1140 in its research report dated May 23, 2025.
Prabhudas Lilladher is bullish on HDFC Asset Management Company has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4450 in its research report dated February 27, 2025.
Jefferies upgraded Paytm shares to 'Buy', and raised its target price for the stock to Rs 1,250 per share.
Angel One aims to disrupt the life insurance segment through the joint venture, which will be a first in India as a fintech-partnered life insurance business.
Angel One said the business
is being built for India's 'growing base of digital-native consumers'.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 764.60, DLF has experienced a notable downturn in today's session.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,864.40, PB Fintech demonstrates a notable increase in today's session.
Max Ventures Investment Holding was the likely seller in the block deal, offloading 51.16 lakh shares of Max Financial Services at Rs 1,112 apiece.
Kalyan Jewellers India's stock
is currently trading higher.
A recent Moneycontrol analysis indicates bearish sentiment on the stock.
The consolidation is expected to continue until the Nifty 50 delivers a strong close above the midline of the Bollinger Bands.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
The shares traded at Rs 1,008.55, with a 2.03% gain this hour.
Angel One posted a 61 percent year-on-year fall in net profit at Rs 114.4 crore for the quarter ended June 30, FY2026.
Sharekhan is bullish on AU Small Finance Bank has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 750 in its research report dated April 22, 2025.
DLF’s rental portfolio currently has operating assets of about 43-44 million square feet (msf), and includes office parks, IT/ITeS SEZs, retail spaces and hospitality ventures.
The vacancy levels across DLF rental portfolio stand at 6 percent.
As markets continue to see a persistent decline, retail investors' interest could be on the wane, which is considered a negative for the capital market stocks
BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle's market valuation stood at Rs 8,262.09 crore.
Emkay Global Financial is bullish on One 97 Communications has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1350 in its research report dated Jun 23, 2025.
PC Jeweller Allots 97.84 Lakh Equity Shares, Paid-Up Capital Adjusted
Hopes of a rate cut after Reserve Bank of India's MPC meeting in June may be one of the possible triggers for the uptrend in the sector.
Kalyan Jewellers to Hold Earnings Call on August 7, 2025
Kalyan Jewellers' Subsidiary Renamed Candere Lifestyle Jewellery
The company also noted the resignation of non-executive Independent Director Bimal Julka, a former IAS officer, who stepped down from the board effective July 22, along with revival of its long-delayed IT/ITES campus in Noida’s Sector 159
With the stock currently trading at Rs 1,166.20, One 97 Communications Paytm has demonstrated a notable intraday gain, reflecting positive investor activity.
Textile stocks: Bangladesh
has secured a 20 percent tariff deal with US.
Indian textile exports will now face higher tariffs on exports than their rivals from Bangladesh.
Nifty Realty index emerged as the top-performing sector on Thursday, climbing up to 2 percent during intraday trade.
The company's revenue for the quarter-ending March 2025 stood at Rs 1,507.87 Crore, which is an increase compared to Rs 1,291.62 Crore in December 2024
The Chinese entity offloaded 5.84 percent stake worth Rs 3,981 crore and exited Paytm.
Nervousness prevailed in the domestic equity markets, with the India VIX index jumping as high as 8 percent
RBL Bank share price: The shares of the lender have gained over 64% in the past six months.
The stock has recorded gains in seven out of the past eight sessions.
AMCs are expected to see a sharp sequential decline in equity AUMs for Q4 due to market corrections, with mid- and small-cap-focused schemes hit the hardest.
ICICI Securities is bullish on Godrej Properties has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2603 in its research report dated August 03, 2025.
Motilal Oswal is bullish o
Stocks to Watch, 20
August: Stocks like One 97 Communications, Share India Securities, Lloyds Metals, Info Edge India, GNG Electronics, Aditya Infotech, Endurance Technologies, Regaal Resources, and Phoenix Mills will be in focus on August 20.
Nifty Capital Markets index was down 2 percent, with Angel One, BSE and CDSL among the top losers.
Recent Moneycontrol analysis has indicated a bearish sentiment on the stock as of August 8, 2025.
PB Fintech's stock was trading at Rs 1,806.70, marking a 2.11% increase in today's session.
Oberoi Realty on July 21 reported a net profit of Rs 421 crore for the first quarter of the financial year
2026.
This marks a nearly 28 percent decline from the Rs 584 crore net profit reported in the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year.
Amid expectations of strong future growth and cheaper valuations after the recent correction, Kotak assigned a price target of Rs 1,525 for PB Fintech, anticipating a near 13 percent upside.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on Godrej Properties recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2755 in its research report dated May 04, 2025.
KPR Mill shares are currently trading at Rs 1,159, reflecting the mentioned intraday movement.
RBL Bank share price: The shares of the lender have now snapped a four-day gaining streak.
Nifty Midcap 100 index jumped nearly 1 percent to stand at 57,658, while Nifty Smallcap 100 index rose nearly 0.7 percent to stand at 17,912.35, as seen at 3 pm.
RBL Bank Q4: The net interest income (NII) reduced 2.3 percent to Rs 1,563 crore in the period
under review against 1,599 crore in the year ago period.
Shanti Gold International recorded a market capitalisation of Rs 1,652.44 crore on its first day of trade.
AU Small Finance Bank's net profit rose around 16% on-year, but asset quality worsened in Q1 FY26.
The terms and conditions of approved OTS include cash and equity components payable under the settlement, release of securities and mortgaged properties etc.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HDFC AMC recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 5000 in its research report dated April 17, 2025.
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 995.60, KPR Mill has experienced a notable decline in today's session.
The market is expected to remain in consolidation mode until it reclaims all key moving averages.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
DLF Sells Out Privana North for ₹11,000 Cr in a Week
PB Fintech's consolidated revenue has shown substantial growth over the past few years
KPR Mills' promoters, Chairman KP Ramasamy, and Managing Directors KPD Sigamani and P Nataraj are likely the sellers in the block trades.
Industry insiders estimate that Privana North will offer over 1,100 ultra-luxury units, each
priced upwards of Rs 9 crore, while penthouses are expected to fetch around Rs 25 crore each.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on AU Small Finance Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 875 in its research report dated July 20, 2025.
As of a recent Moneycontrol analysis, the sentiment on the stock is bearish.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 578.35, Kalyan Jewellers India experiences a notable decline amid broader market dynamics and ongoing corporate developments.
The stock's movement reflects an early positive trend in today's trading session.
With the stock's current price at Rs 888.35, One 97 Communications Paytm has experienced a notable decline during today's trading session, making it one of the top losers in the NIFTY MIDCAP 150 index.
The Nifty 50 is expected to consolidate until it decisively breaks the previous week's range on either side for a firm direction.
Below are some short-term trading ideas to consider.
According to reports, PB Fintech co-founders are likely to offload 50.5 lakh shares, equaling to 1.1 percent of the total equity in the firm.
ICICI Securities is bullish on DLF recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 954 in its research report dated May 21, 2025.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 505.35, Kalyan Jewellers India faces bearish headwinds amidst recent financial announcements and corporate actions.
Technical signals suggest that downside momentum may be gaining strength in Nifty 50, said Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities.
The increase in Godrej Properties shares aligns with positive investor sentiment, supported by consistent financial performance and overall growth trajectory.
Kalyan Jewellers' Q1 FY26 Net Profit Rises 48.73% YoY to ₹264.08 Crore
RBL shares: Citi reiterated its bullish 'buy' call on the bank, hiking its target price to Rs 285 per share.
The brokerage is bullish on the bank's improving RoA trajectory.
The current price of DLF shares is Rs 836.35, reflecting the impact of today's decline.
Market participants will continue to monitor DLF's performance, considering both the challenges and opportunities within the real estate sector.
Turtlemint is expected to file its draft red herring prospectus soon.
The firm is looking to raise up to Rs 2,000 crore through the share sale
Angel One shares were the top gainer in the pack of capital market stocks, rising over 8.5 percent to close at a six-month high level of Rs 2,788 apiece
IRDAI had inspected Policybazaar back in June 2020 and had issued a show-cause notice to PB Fintech in October 2024.
ICICI Securities is bullish on AU Small Finance Bank recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 725 in its research report dated February 27, 2025.
Godrej Properties' project is located in Noida's Sector 44, which is one of the key micro markets in the city.
Nifty has now logged its longest gaining streak since September 26, 2024.
HDFC AMC shares reacted to the development, falling 2.94 percent
to an intraday low of Rs 3,668.3 on the NSE before trimming losses to trade at Rs 3,732.75, down 1.23 percent.
Emkay Global Financial recommended reduce rating on AU Small Finance Bank with a target price of Rs 600 in its research report dated April 23, 2025.
Stocks to Watch, Mar 4: Stocks like CEAT, Xchanging Solutions, UCO Bank, Onix Solar Energy, REC, Newjaisa Technologies, Anlon Technology Solutions, Sunteck Realty, Wendt India, Dr Agarwals Eye Hospital, and Nukleus Office Solutions will be in focus on March 4.
Shanti Gold share price: The shares of the company have so far jumped more than 20% since their debut on stock markets on August 1.
With the stock currently trading at Rs 606, Kalyan Jewellers India has demonstrated a notable rise in today's session.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on HDFC AMC has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4800 in its research report dated March 26, 2025.
PB Fintech to Hold Earnings Call on August 1, 2025, for Q1 FY26 Results
Capital market stocks gained despite a muted market sentiment.
India VIX, which measures expected volatility in the markets, gained around 6% to hover around 17.12 amid rising geopolitical tensions between Ukraine and Russia, and escalating trade tensions between US and China.
The broader market indices underperformed benchmark index Nifty, which too was off highs as investors assessed the durability of the rally and tariff-related news flow.
Antfin, the second largest shareholder in Paytm with a stake of 9.85 percent earlier, sought to offload 4 percent in the fintech at a floor price
at Rs 809.75 apiece, with a deal valued at Rs 2,200 crore at the floor price.
This will be the third startup from the Info Edge stable to go public.
Info Edge, which holds a 48% stake in NoPaperForms, made early bets on Zomato and PB Fintech, which paid off well when the companies listed
With the stock's last traded price at Rs 522.60, Kalyan Jewellers India is trading lower today on Nifty Midcap 150.
Although the company reported a fall in net profit on an yearly basis, it rose by a whopping 135 percent from the Rs 163 crore net profit reported in the previous quarter (Q3 FY25)
